===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 11 on your telephone. To withdraw your question, press 11 again. We would ask that you be respectful of others and limit your questions to one and a follow-up so we can get to everyone in the queue. I would now like to turn the conference over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO Deanna Strable, and interim CFO, Joel Pitz, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open the call for questions. Members of senior management are also available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events, or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Humphrey. Good morning to everyone on the call. Before I get into the highlights for the quarter, I'd like to make a few comments on the current environment. We are operating in a market that is incredibly dynamic. Policy shifts and uncertainty surrounding the market outlook have contributed to a more cautious investor tone and heightened focus on resilience. The magnitude of the volatility we have seen in April has been extreme and unprecedented and impacts our fee revenue in retirement and asset management. We expect market volatility to persist, making upcoming quarters more difficult to predict. While complex, we have successfully navigated markets before, with a clear strategy, a resilient and diversified business model, and a strong commitment to supporting our customers when it matters most. From a financial perspective, we will continue to focus on what we can control, with a disciplined approach to aligning expenses with revenue. Actions to support this are underway. In addition, the actions we have taken over the last few years to transform our business mix have uniquely positioned us to perform through market cycles. Our conviction in our strategy has never been stronger, with a laser focus on growth across the retirement ecosystem, SMBs, and global asset management. Each presents outsized market growth opportunities aligned with our strong differentiated capabilities. Slide four of our materials highlights the progress we are making in advancing these growth drivers. Turning to the quarter, I am proud of our results, which reflect the strength and discipline of our strategy as well as the benefits of our diversified business. First quarter adjusted non-GAAP earnings excluding significant variances was $439 million or $1.92 per diluted share, a 10% increase in EPS over the first quarter of 2024. We returned $370 million of capital to shareholders in the first quarter, including $200 million of share repurchases and a continued increase in our common stock dividend. We have the capital flexibility to continue supporting our customers, investing in growth, and returning capital responsibly. Our capital strategy remains grounded in long-term financial discipline. Despite market volatility, total company managed AUM increased to $718 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting positive market performance and the beneficial impact of exchange rates. Net cash flow was negative $4 billion in the quarter, driven by two low-fee institutional fixed income withdrawals in investment management. Overall, higher fee inflows relative to outflows are driving a positive impact to run rate revenue from institutional flows. We saw strong results in key asset classes including private real estate, preferred, and stable value. In addition, we saw strong local investment management flows of $700 million total in Mexico and Southeast Asia, reinforcing our local strategies and the benefits of our global business reach. We are also encouraged by signs of green shoots in high yield preferred real estate and international equities, some of which have already funded in April, pointing to additional growth in the quarters ahead. In retirement, we generated positive account value net cash flow of $400 million after adjusting for the low-fee contract lapse discussed on our last call. We continue to see strong activity in our small and mid-sized market, delivering $1.3 billion of positive flows, up from $1 billion in the year-ago quarter. Turning to sales, pension risk transfer volume grew year over year, reaching $800 million in the quarter. We remain a leader in the industry, ranking among the top four providers by sales premium and third by number of contracts based on the 2024 LIMRA results. Looking ahead, we see positive momentum in the pipeline across our retirement ecosystem. This momentum is being reinforced by recent industry recognition. Principal was top-rated across all categories in the Plan Advisor Survey and received 17 best-in-class awards from plan sponsors. Moving to specialty benefits, underwriting results were strong, and overall growth is being impacted by the absence of new PFML markets and lower dental sales, a result of our disciplined pricing actions. In life, sales were up 6% compared to the year-ago quarter, driven by bundled business market sales and strong growth in non-qualified sales, a key component of our total retirement solutions. Importantly, our well-established and long-tenured SMB block remains resilient. Findings from our recent SMB pulse survey indicate our customers are focused on adapting to the current environment through pricing actions, shifting suppliers, and managing margin with less emphasis on reducing benefits or staff. Across all of our businesses, the key fundamentals remain strong, including recurring deposits, deferrals, matches, and wage and employment growth. We remain focused on what matters most, delivering for our customers, operating with discipline, and executing on our long-term strategy. We have built this company to perform through many cycles, resilient, diversified, and purpose-led. Importantly, our approach continues to be recognized. For the fourteenth time, Principal was named one of the 2025 world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere. This award reflects our ongoing commitment to doing what's right for our customers, employees, and shareholders, not just in times of strength, but especially in moments of uncertainty. We are also being recognized for how we use technology to work strategically. Our proprietary generative AI-powered assistant, Paige, was honored with a CIO 100 award for its impact on employee productivity. In just one year, it's helped cut task completion time in half, streamline training, and made it easier for teams to create content and serve our customers more efficiently. Overall, I am proud of our results this quarter and confident in the strength and resiliency of our integrated and diversified portfolio. We will continue to invest in growth, operate with discipline, and stay close to the evolving needs of our customers. And we will do so with the same clarity and commitment that have defined our success over the past 145 years. With that, I'll turn it over to Joel to walk through the results in more detail. Joel?
Joel Pitz: Thanks, Deanna. Morning to everyone on the call. I will walk through our financial performance for the first quarter and provide updates on our investment portfolio and capital position. As shown on slide three, excluding significant variances, first quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $439 million or $1.92 per diluted share. This represents a 10% increase in EPS over the first quarter of 2024 on an adjusted and a reported basis. As previously disclosed, first quarter earnings were impacted by year-over-year elevated seasonal expenses in investment management. This was offset by a lower tax rate during the quarter. First quarter reported net income excluding exited business was $299 million with immaterial credit losses of $4 million. Net income reflects the non-cash impact of the previously announced transition of our Hong Kong MPF schemes to bank consortium trust, or BCT. Importantly, this has no impact on free capital flow. Non-GAAP operating ROE for the quarter excluding our actuarial assumption review was 14%, a 100 basis point improvement from a year ago and within our targeted range. Equity markets created modest tailwinds for much of the first quarter, though softened in the final weeks. The S&P 500, small and mid-cap, and real estate all finished the quarter down, while international equities and fixed income products delivered positive returns. Foreign exchange rates had a positive $8 billion impact on AUM for the quarter, as spot rates improved. The following commentary excludes significant variances, which can be found on slide 12. Our first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our integrated and diversified businesses, which enabled us to deliver 10% year-over-year EPS growth. Starting with RIS, first quarter top-line growth was strong at 5%. This, coupled with expense discipline while investing in the business, resulted in a 41% margin, a 120 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter. Pretax operating earnings increased 8% from the first quarter of 2024, driven by growth in the business, higher net investment income, and favorable year-over-year market performance. Underlying fundamentals in the business remained strong. Recurring deposit growth of 9% in the quarter was strong across all segments, with continued outperformance in our small and mid-sized business market, generating 12% growth. The number of individuals deferring and receiving employer matches are up 4% compared to the first quarter of 2024. In addition, the dollar amount of these deferrals and matches has increased by 54%, respectively, during the same period. Net revenue growth and margin are at the high end of our targeted range this quarter, a product of our disciplined focus on profitable revenue growth. In principal asset management, investment management revenue increased 4% compared to the year-ago quarter, within our targeted range. Management fees increased 5% year-over-year, driven by higher AUM and stable fee rate, while transaction and borrower fees remain muted. As discussed on last quarter's call, seasonality played out largely as anticipated. Investment management had $35 million of higher deferred compensation and payroll taxes compared to the fourth quarter, partially offset by lower variable expenses. These seasonal expenses are expected to return to normal levels while we continue to invest in our business. These are factored into our outlook. In international pension, net revenue was down slightly, primarily due to impacts from foreign currency. On a constant currency basis, net revenue increased 4% year-over-year. Pretax operating earnings increased 5% from the prior year quarter, despite a $6 million FX headwind, driven by strong expense discipline. This resulted in margin expansion of nearly 400 basis points over the year-ago quarter and is at the high end of our targeted range. In specialty benefits, premium and fees growth was 4% compared to the year-ago quarter. As Deanna mentioned, this result was impacted by lower dental sales and a difficult comparison from new PFML markets in the year-ago quarter. These were factored into our full-year outlook, implying higher growth in future quarters. While the environment is competitive, both employment and wage growth remain healthy, and persistency remains stable, which contributed to the year-over-year growth. SBD pretax operating earnings grew 5% over the prior year quarter, driven by business growth, more favorable underwriting experience, and higher net investment income. Margin expanded compared to the year-ago quarter and remains within our targeted range. SPD loss ratio improved by 40 basis points year-over-year to 60.7% and was at the low end of our targeted range, driven by better group disability group life results, partially offset by dental experience. Dental pricing changes continue to move through the block, and we expect to see loss ratio improvement when comparing full year 2025 to 2024. Premium and fees growth in our life business increased compared to the prior year quarter as strong business market growth was up 20%, and at or above targeted returns. Pretax operating earnings in the quarter were $14 million, down from the prior year quarter, driven by higher mortality primarily from net claim severity. This included a single claim of $5 million that was part of a much larger face amount shared by many carriers issued in 1999. While this impacted results in the quarter, our one-year and longer-term mortality is at our expected levels. Our tax rate in the quarter was lower compared to the full year due to foreign tax credit benefits, as well as seasonal impacts from share-based compensation. We expect the tax rate to be within our targeted range of 17 to 20% for the full year 2025. Our general account investment portfolio remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile, and well-positioned for a variety of economic conditions. The portfolio remains healthy from a credit risk perspective. While we are closely monitoring the evolving trade policy landscape and its potential impact, our current assessment is minimal exposure to industries most likely to be directly affected by tariffs. Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. As discussed in our last call, we had two scheduled loan maturities in the first quarter in our office portfolio, both of which have been paid off. The remainder of the office portfolio and the underlying metrics remain favorable and relatively unchanged from last quarter. Turning to capital and liquidity, we ended the quarter in a very strong position, with $1.8 billion of excess and available capital. This includes $1.2 billion at the holding company, above our $800 million targeted level, $250 million in our subsidiaries, and $300 million in excess of our targeted 375% risk-based capital ratio, which was estimated at 395% at quarter end. Capital was elevated by $400 million this quarter, as we exercised our 2028 PCAPS and will use the proceeds to pay down a $400 million debt maturity in May. Concurrently, we issued $500 million of new PCAPs in February, bringing the total off-balance sheet facility to $850 million. This addresses our near-term maturities, with our next maturity occurring in November 2026. We continue to deliver on our targeted 75 to 85% free capital flow. As discussed on last quarter's call, free capital flow is typically the lightest in the first quarter, due to the timing of capital generation, and increases throughout the year. As shown on slide three, we returned $370 million to shareholders in the first quarter, including $200 million of share repurchases and $170 million of common stock dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.76 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter. This represents a $0.01 increase over the prior quarter's dividend and a 9% dividend growth rate on a trailing twelve-month basis. We remain aligned with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio, underscoring our confidence in continued growth and overall performance. As Deanna outlined, our first quarter results reflect our resilient and diversified business that continues to perform through various market cycles. We remain disciplined in how we deploy capital, confident in the fundamentals of our businesses, and focused on delivering long-term value to shareholders while supporting customers when they need us most. As we have consistently done and as economic conditions evolve, we remain committed to aligning expenses with revenue, with actions already underway, while continuing to invest for growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone that to ask a question, please press 11 on your telephone. Our first question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling and Partners. Your line is open.
Joel Hurwitz: Hi, good morning. I wanted to start on how you are doing. Wanted to start on your EPS growth outlook. I know there remains a lot of uncertainty in the environment, but you have the 9% to 12% EPS growth target. How do you feel about that just given the current macro backdrop?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks for that question. I'll give a few high-level remarks and then turn it over to Joel to get into more details. If you listen back to my prepared remarks, I reiterate that as you just mentioned, we are operating in an environment that is incredibly dynamic and also very unpredictable driven by policy shifts and uncertainty. If you just look at the daily volatility swings that we experienced in the last four weeks, both positive and negative, they've been extreme, and because of that, that will have an impact on our fee revenue in both retirement and asset management. I think it's important to remember that we have a diverse and resilient portfolio of businesses with revenue diversity by source, by geography, by asset class, and customer base, and that diversity is very critically important in times like this. I'd start with that first quarter was a strong start to the year, and I'll now turn it over to Joel for more details. But keep in mind, we are going to continue to focus on what we can control, including being there for our customers, leaning into growth, and being smart about expenses.
Joel Pitz: Yeah. Good morning, Joel. Thanks for the question. When looking at the full year, I think it's important to first ground ourselves on what happened during the first quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, 10% earnings per share growth on a reported adjusted basis. First quarter is a really strong start to the year and in line with our 9% to 12% earnings per share guidance. This is a product of a 4% revenue growth year over year and 5% on a trailing twelve-month basis and 40% of margin expansion over the past year. So although volatile, the first quarter average macro conditions were largely in line with what we expected in outlook, as the market downturn occurred later in the quarter. Now to your question as it relates to the remainder of the year, as Deanna noted, we benefit in normal and volatile times from a diversified mix of business. Specifically, our benefits and protection spread businesses are relatively insulated from the recent market volatility. So I realize it makes it difficult to model, our portfolio business is resilient in times of volatility. A proof point we found on page three of our financial supplement whereby you can see we had a $3.5 billion increase in AUM for market performance during the quarter. And this occurred despite a 5% decline in the S&P 500 during the quarter. So as for our fee businesses, the macro impact will depend on the severity and longevity of market disruption. On page 10 of the earnings call slide deck, you see we highlight the macro sensitivity. It's important to note these exclude the impact of management actions. And it also shows the AV and AUM composition within investment management and RIS. So, again, these sensitivities defined in that page ignore the expense taxes we're taking to compensate for the macro headwinds that have emerged. During market volatility, we focus on what we can control. We lean into expense management activities and will not allow macro headwinds to hit our bottom line dollar for dollar. So in addition to expense management, it's important to note the beneficial impact on AUM levels from lower interest rates. The decline in interest rates during the quarter provides a tailwind for our fee businesses during the quarter via higher AUM account value levels. And then lastly, another relevant macro factor for us is FX. These headwinds are importantly dissipating. On a sequential basis, FX headwind and IP or international pension were less than $1 million compared to a $32 million headwind on a trailing twelve-month basis. On this front, in the first quarter alone, the Brazilian real strengthened 8% and the Chilean peso strengthened 4% relative to the US dollar. So it's a long way of saying there are a lot of macro variables in play. Importantly, based on what we know today, a path exists to remain in the 9% to 12% EPS range. But that will be dependent on the duration and severity of market disruption from here on out. So, Joel, I hope that helps.
Joel Hurwitz: Yeah. Yeah. Very helpful. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. A follow-up question?
Joel Hurwitz: Yeah. Maybe just on the management actions and the expense side, can you just provide some more color on sort of how much flexibility you have on the expense side and what you've sort of taken thus far in Q2?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think I'd start with, if you look back through every economic cycle, we have a proven track record of aligning expenses with revenue, and that alignment is our North Star. It's obviously critical in it and really has started in the last four weeks. But again, we're underway. There's a lot of flexibility and levers that we can pull to continue to be thoughtful, disciplined, and focused on it. But Joel, can you give just a little bit more color on how we're thinking about expenses?
Joel Pitz: Yeah. So as I said in my prior comments, Joel, we take it very seriously. We want to make sure that we do align expense with revenue. Revenue is going to be our guide. So on that front, it's evidenced by continued margin expansion. You look over the past year, our ability to align expense with revenue is reflected in our 40 basis point improvement year over year in margins. So, again, as I said before, during periods of volatility like this, we'll focus on what we can control and lean into expense management activities. So examples of those things are what you would expect, you know, certain travel, delayed hiring, consulting spend, etcetera. And as we've done historically, we will actively and importantly responsibly align expense with revenues.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Joel, for the question.
Joel Hurwitz: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is open.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about client behavior in your asset management business, I guess, amidst the elevated market volatility, what changes you're seeing, and how you think that will affect activity going forward?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think that's a great question, Ryan. As I mentioned in my remarks, we're seeing some good green shoots as we think about mandates and client activity as we go through the rest of the year. But I'll ask Kamal to give some more color relative to that.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thank you, Deanna. Ryan, good morning. So I'll touch upon a couple of things. I think client behavior, particularly given the macro environment, has become a little bit more volatile given rebalancing. But from my seat, what I'm seeing is a material improvement in our pipeline. What I would highlight for you and what I'm most excited about is how clients are actually helping improve the business fundamentals of asset management. And I'll give you three reasons, what I would highlight there for you. One, I think as you highlighted is in one queue, you highlighted our NCF behavior. But it truly doesn't capture the strengthening of our underlying business fundamentals because the net revenue rate for asset management continues to increase substantially. In fact, mandates that we are bringing in now are higher than our average book of business. So that's certainly aligned with our strength in private markets and some of the strategies we have outside the US. The other piece of client behavior that I would highlight for you is our global pipeline, which we actively track is materially going up. In fact, one of the measures that I see in clients is right now, there is an increased activity in business now versus business later. So the way you think about it, RFPs are requests for money now versus RFIs, which is informational requests. And we are seeing a lot of activity from investment consultants. In fact, just in one queue, we are running at 40% of our annual run rate volume. So activity ASR, the quality of mandates that are coming, and we are participating is going up. And the net revenue rate is going up with the client bandage.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Ryan. Do you have a follow-up?
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. Yes. I guess a similar question on retirement. One of your competitors a few weeks ago said they were seeing elevated hardship withdrawals. Is that something you're seeing at all? It seems like the metrics you were citing still seem pretty constructive, but wanted to hear what you're seeing there.
Deanna Strable: Hey, Chris. I'll have you take that.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Hi, Ryan. Thank you. You know, with respect to participant behavior, broadly, I'd say from an investment perspective, we're definitely seeing risk-on to risk-off activity and a change out into more guaranteed options. With respect to withdrawals, we really haven't seen hardship withdrawals in particular, we really haven't seen significant increase in loans or hardship withdrawals from our participants at this point. So it's largely in line with last year's quarter as well as on an over quarter and a trailing twelve-month basis. We're just not seeing that as a big driver of activity. If I think broadly just outside of loans and withdrawals and just about participant withdrawals in general, that rate has stabilized as well. And so when we look at participant draws both on a quarter over quarter and the trailing twelve-month basis, it's largely in line and has stabilized as we indicated. We, you know, that was our expectation last quarter, and we've seen that come through. Now dollars of participant withdrawals are up, but they're up in line with the increase in average AV, which really speaks to that impact that equity market performance has on flows and withdrawals. So overall, we're not seeing major changes in either loans or hardship withdrawals or in participant withdrawal rate at this time.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Ryan, I think if you look at the revenue growth and the margin that Chris' business put out in the first quarter, it is a strength of our and a testament to the strategy. Ultimately, the fundamentals of that business remain very strong. So next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about mortality in the life business? What were the drivers there? And was the result you saw in line with the industry? Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I'll have Amy to answer that. Obviously, mortality can be volatile quarter to quarter, so we can highlight what drove the quarterly results. But keep in mind if we look at that over a one-year and a longer-term basis, our mortality still is aligned with our expectations. But Amy, a little bit more color on the quarter?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Deanna gave a great starting point to think about the life mortality and life business. I am gonna address a couple of points there, though. Number one is the individual life business. Deanna hit on it. It can be a bit volatile. We saw some of that volatility flow through. We still feel really good about when we look over one year, three-year, five-year mortality. We definitely did see a little severity bump. We called out a specific large impact at this quarter. What I would also offer, though, is that group life, which tends to be more of that working-age population, produced a really nice result this quarter. So the severity that we're tending to tends to be where we pick up more all population, not necessarily working population.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. And Amy, do know the current quarter's results in individual life was driven much more by severity and even a single large claim. So any color on that larger claim?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, I think we provided a little bit of color on that larger claim. That larger claim is one that's been on our books for twenty-six years. It is one where we took a small portion of what appears to be a much larger insurable benefit at the time. And so my guess is that that particular claim will have some impact across the industry. Again, could be with mutual or public companies, and it could be with reinsurers as well.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Wilma. Do you have a follow-up question?
Wilma Burdis: Sure. Could you provide a little bit of an update on the growth of the spread-based products in retirement? I think you touched on this a bit earlier, but has it been growing, and could market uncertainty accelerate that glide path? Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, that's a great question. And obviously, that does provide some resilience to our overall results, and there's many different aspects of what drives that spread, including even aspects from our 401 business. So Chris, maybe give a little bit more of a flavor there.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Sure. Good morning, Wilma. When I think about spread-based growth overall, we're seeing really strong performance in our spread-based businesses. We saw strong registered index-linked annuity sales up, you know, over $500 million. We had a strong PRT quarter over $800 million. And we're also, as part of our overall strategy, continuing to drive additional utilization of our guaranteed fixed-rate products into our retirement plans. And so we're seeing nice WSRS GA growth as well. So, you know, really, really strong, and that's really part of the strategy as we continue to drive profitable growth, profitable plan dynamics. And using spread where it makes sense to serve our customers' needs. And so we are seeing positive there. If you look at sort of where we see a little bit of pressure on the spread base, it would be in the investment only. So if you think about investment only, that's an opportunistic business for us. We dial it up or down depending on what other opportunities we have to deploy capital. And given that we've been able to deploy capital and at nice returns and whether it's Rilla PRT or WSRS WSRS GA products, we have sort of dialed down investment only, and that contributed a drag of minus $500 million in the current quarter. Given IO maturities and the issuance that we lower issuance that we did in Q1 this year versus last year. So, again, really, really seeing positive dynamics on spread, and it is part of our overall strategy in our to drive overall total revenue and profitable revenue growth. Thanks, Wilma. Hope that helped.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Carmichael with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Wes Carmichael: Good morning, Deanna. On specialty benefits, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your approach to new business in the quarter. I think you mentioned dental pricing in there. Are you done with actions on dental and any other products where you're taking price? Because I think sales are down across most lines, and, you know, I'm asking this in recognition of very good underwriting results.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I'll ask Amy to expand upon that. Obviously, we have a very competitive SBD product portfolio. There were some dynamics that impacted that growth rate year over year, including the PFML volatility. But I'll ask Amy to give some more color on sales, what we're seeing, and how it leads into our overall results.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, thanks. So Deanna and Joel both caught this in their earlier prepared remarks, but new sales quarter over quarter is a comparison. So we've mentioned that keeping in mind that paid family medical leave does come through that group disability line. So specifically, we had a state come online last year first quarter, and so it makes those comparisons difficult. When I back that out of the comparison, the new sales gap to expectations really is coming from dental. Since the third quarter of last year, we've experienced increased dental competition. I think we've talked about it a few times. We're seeing some mutual companies, medical carriers, and to a lesser extent, probably, other public company peers be really competitive in that space. So what we're doing there is staying really disciplined. We know that new sale pricing on all of our products, including dental, benefits from staying disciplined. When we got a customer pricing impact, particularly for SMBs that moves around a lot, that really means that their ability to plan for cash flow just isn't there. So we do everything we can to keep those consistent predictable renewals happening. And that really starts with keeping that discipline on new sale. You had specifically asked about dental pricing. We had taken a series of actions on dental pricing throughout '24 and even in early '25. And the thing to keep in mind there is that when we take those actions, they hit first on new sales. So when we adjust that, we see that immediately in our new sale. And I would say that is what we're seeing in the results quarter over quarter. What is a little bit harder to keep the bead on is that those pricing actions are going to be aligned, though, with policy anniversaries for the in-force block of business. So it's gonna blend in through the next twelve months to come in through the rest of the portfolio. What I feel really comfortable about is that when I look at its impact on loss ratio, we are going to see a loss ratio in full year '25 that is better than we saw in full year '24. The other thing I would add is keep in mind, we function and sell and service on an in-force basis with a bundle of products. Group benefits really hit an all-time high this quarter in terms of our bundle. So that's the total coverages we have with a customer. So within that bundle, we are doing things that are not only taking action on those coverages like dental that need some corrective action, but we're also taking action on products that we're seeing good experience flow through. So we're putting things back into the rate that are very positive for us. On life and disability. So I point you back to looking at our persistency. So our persistency is exactly in line with where we hoped it would be for this first quarter experience. And I'm really proud of that result. I think that really speaks to our renewal formula. It speaks to the things we do within the bundle, and it speaks to the fact that when we have to move up on one product, we're often able to treat the whole case in a really competitive way. So hopefully that gives a little bit more color of how we think about it and what we're expecting for twenty-five.
Wes Carmichael: Yeah. It does. Thank you. And just switching gears, but on variable investment income, it was a little bit of a headwind this quarter. I know it's called out in significant variances, so it's excluded from your EPS guide. But when you think about the balance of the year particularly, in light of some equity market volatility in April, how are you now thinking about VII? I think some peers were kind of expecting normal BII for 2025, but I wonder if that view has now changed.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Wes, for the question. I'll have Joel address that one.
Joel Pitz: Thanks for the question, Wes. As you mentioned, VII performance during the quarter is very much in line with the fourth quarter '24 as well as the first quarter '24. And on that front, despite historically strong performance, we actually did have lower run rate hedge fund return, which is a small part of our ALLS portfolio, but it did marginally pressure first quarter 2025 results. So as a reminder regarding RL's portfolio, 50% of our is invested in real estate. So this results in lower concentration in private equity and hedge funds. So since the majority of our real estate is not marked to market each quarter, we're sitting in a portfolio of highly appreciated assets that aren't recognized until the time of sale. So as we expected coming into the year, we did have minimal transaction activity in the quarter, and continue to expect the majority of real estate transactions to occur in the latter half of the year. So the BI outlook for the remainder of the year is certainly dependent, on, again, the severity and longevity of the market disruption, because that could impact our alt returns as well as the timing of our planned real estate sales. So as we've always done, we'll be sure to make sure we highlight this activity as it emerges over the course of the year so you have good visibility as far as what the difference is between long-term expected run rate.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Wes, for the questions.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question is, can you try and help us disaggregate what's going on in your 401 business by plan size? Maybe referencing large case, mid, small, you know, are there different dynamics driving those? And then also maybe touch a bit on just the fee rate seemed to go down a bit. When I look at fees relative to average AUM. Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. You know, if you look at slide four, we did give some color there that highlights both the strong fundamentals that we are seeing for the overall block as well as the even stronger results regarding transfer deposits, recurring deposits, and net cash flow that we saw for SMBs. Obviously, the biggest difference is the volatility that we can see in flows from large case both on the ins and outs, but I'll ask Chris to add some more color there around just the overall dynamic.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. You know, I think Deanna's obviously spot right spot on. I mean, I think, when we look at the dynamics we continue to see very healthy, consistent patterns with our SMB business. And, you know, if I look at transfer deposits for SMBs were up nearly 30%, in the quarter. You know, we see really strong recurring deposit better than the overall average. So that's really been the core engine for Principal and continues to be a really core engine for us. On large, it just tends to be a little more lumpy. There's fewer plans that trade, and the timing of when they come in and when they go out has a fairly significant impact on flows just because of the size. But, overall, you know, that's what I say. It's a bit more lumpy and volatile on the large end. But the core SMB is a bit more consistent and showing signs of strength. On a new sales basis, we're seeing strength across all segments. And so we do see a really nice pipeline across all of the segments, across our 401k business. So see really, positive dynamics there. And I would say the other thing that we see on the benefit from the large segment is we are seeing nice growth in participants. And those participants give us opportunities to serve those individuals, both within the plan as well as upon rollover. And if we look at just retail customers, we disclosed for you on slide four, that number is up about 10%. Over the past year. And so the large is bringing us some real benefits as well, despite the fact that it does have a bit more volatile flow pattern. On your fee rate question, well, you know, we did see, some of the same pressures that we've seen in the past. If we look at fee revenue rate, you know, it's down a little bit more than three bps on the twelve-month compare, which we think is the best way to look at it. But as we talked about in past quarters, we attribute, at least a bip of that to the market outperformance. That is creating pressure when you have, you know, those periods of market outperformance, and we continue to see market outperformance of q in q one this year of 40% higher than q one last year. So that one bp pressure is not what was expected when we talk about sort of our overall two to three BPS of fee compression expected in normal markets. The other thing that's happening that maybe hasn't gotten as much visibility is we do see pressure from variable annuity lapses. And so what we are seeing in our block is our traditional VA block is seeing some lapses. And we're capturing a lot of those lapses into our spread base product, Rilla. And so while you see that overall variable annuity line staying relatively there is a mix shift that's happening there between fee and spread, and that's also putting a little bit pressure on the fee revenue rate. Hope that's helpful, Tom.
Tom Gallagher: That is. Yeah. No. That was good color. Appreciate it. And just quick follow-up, on the spec benefit side. I heard what you said about top line and the comments there on dental. Supplemental health seemed to slow pretty significantly. On earned premium. Any color on what was driving that?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I'll turn it over to Amy to address that.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. So I think that is much more of a function of kind of that prior year quarter over quarter comparison. In the first quarter of '24, was some one-time accounting adjustments where we shifted some premium from the group disability over into that line. We're also then seeing that play through. So it's a comparative issue. What I would say is when you strip that one-time readjustments we did out that block is actually growing in excess of the rest of our block. So we're seeing actual true higher growth rate and I would expect that to more clearly emerge through the rest of the year while we don't have that noise in the first quarter to first quarter comparison.
Deanna Strable: And, Amy, I think that noise obviously impacted premium as just discussed but also had some impact on the loss ratio of both the group disability line and the supplemental health line as well. So again, it was just a reclassification of some of the premium within our specialty business.
Amy Friedrich: I agree. The fundamental question is are we seeing some sort of slowdown or attractiveness in the supplemental health? And my answer is, no, we are not. It is actually growing at probably double the rate as the other products in our portfolio.
Tom Gallagher: Gotcha. That's good color. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Tom, for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath: Great, thanks. Wanted to focus on the small, medium-sized business market. Clearly, the first quarter, think things are kind of business as usual. But I'm just wondering, given everything that's happened so far in April, and maybe it's just too early to tell, but are you getting a sense of any sort of changes in terms of how people are thinking just given the volatility that we're seeing in employment trends and all that kind of stuff? I mean, you guys have a pretty good view of that market. So I'm just curious if anything is changing in the more recent term.
Deanna Strable: You know, the great news is we've been able to watch the dynamics of the SMB market through many, many different cycles. And through every cycle that I've lived through, it has been more resilient than the overall block of business of all large cases, and it continues to be a source of strength and differentiation. I'll maybe ask Amy just to share a little bit more about what we're hearing from our customers, how we're thinking about impacts, but I think bottom line sitting here today, we haven't seen meaningful impacts. But ultimately, we'll continue to that as we go forward. So, Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. I think you're both right. It is a little early to make a call on this, but we would be, you know, we have a decent amount of data in April to kind of make some assessments. And what I would say is Deanna's exactly right. We aren't seeing a deterioration in some of the key metrics that we look at. I do want to start with a reminder. I'm gonna take us back to something we shared at Investor Day last November, and that is that Principal's block of small and midsized companies really have been in business a long time. So that's an average of thirty years across our group benefits and WSRS portfolios. So that means they've seen several economic cycles. So they've gone through GFC and the pandemic, and it means they've used those experiences to plan for some level of uncertainty with respect to those factors. So when I look at working capital, staffing, lending sources, and where relevant things like production capacity, they have thought ahead on all of those things. So when we talk about resiliency, again, companies that have been in business for three decades tend to have the ability to plan in a little more informed way than people who are really young companies. So our block tends to have good planning in place. Specific to this latest economic uncertainty, and, again, some of that is related to the tariff uncertainty. We did actually field a quick survey that Deanna mentioned. We fielded to over 250 of our own SMB customers in early April to get a sense of kind of where their sentiment is. And one of the most interesting things that came out of that was that although businesses are definitely saying we think it'll have an impact, we think it could impact growth, they are targeting actions towards things like supply chain adjustments, customer pricing changes, or even bracing for some sort of temporary margin contraction, but very few were planning to take action on things like benefits or staffing or wages. And qualitatively, when we ask them a little bit more about that, what they tell us is that they couldn't get to full staffing after 2020 and 2021. And they remember that. And so right now, they're saying we'll take some short-term changes, meaning we won't have to impact our own workforce. So we take that as a really insightful point for this marketplace, and we know that this macro condition is weighing on them. We know what's on their mind. We really feel like our block is well-positioned in this environment.
Suneet Kamath: Does that help, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. It does. That's very helpful. So the second question, I just wanted to go back to Chris on the participant withdrawal. So on these calls, and others have kind of conditioned us to think the dollar amount of withdrawals will go up as markets go up, and I think we kind of understand the reasons for that. So if markets remain kind of choppy here, should we be expecting to see the opposite of that? In other words, those nominal withdrawals will decline because markets are down or just want to get a sense of how you're thinking about that?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Suneet. You know, I think it works both ways. I mean, obviously, as the market values drop, the overall level of an amount of withdrawals reduces as well. So we would expect to see the converse also play out there, Suneet, as well. I mean, I think, you know, flows, again, as you know, we've said on prior quarters, flows we do monitor flows, but we don't run the business for flows. We run the business for revenue and profit. And so when we think about sort of this year, you know, net revenue is gonna be highly dependent on what happens in the market. But when we look at margin, we think we're gonna be able to deliver margin in the top half regardless of the market conditions, which really focuses on sort of that profitable growth being able to withstand whatever happening in the participant dynamics or the contract lapse dynamics and really driving as much profitable growth as we can in RIS.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Suneet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Moten with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jack Moten: Good morning. I guess, firstly, a follow-up question on the RIS fee rate drivers. I know you talked about the impact of market outperformance and VA lapses. On a forward-looking basis, would you expect less of an impact from those drivers? Is there any impact on fee rates as participants are shifting their allocations into more risk-off products? I guess just any other color on how you see fee rates evolving moving forward.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, Jack. I'll ask Chris to address that.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Jack. No. I mean, I think we expect our ongoing guidance to hold true. In normal markets, we can continue to expect two to three bps of compression, and that's coming from movements in or out of proprietary solutions, movements from active to passive. That's all captured and as well as the pricing both on new sales and retention basis. So that's where that fee is coming from. When we think about the movement to I think you said a spread base, that really wouldn't impact the fee revenue rate. It would look at our total revenue rate, but it wouldn't impact fee revenue. So it really is market outperformance that is driving a little bit escalated, and then that VA lapse that's creating the additional pressure on fee revenue rate over and above what we would normally expect.
Jack Moten: Got it. Thank you. It does. Yes. Thank you. And follow-up on the pension risk transfer market outlook, it was a good start to the year for Principal in terms of new business. And I think you referenced positive momentum earlier just wondering if you expect any near-term kind of headwinds from market volatility any other color on the outlook for that market?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Jack. We don't. I mean, I think it's expected the industry estimates expect another strong year for PRT transactions. When you look at the funding levels of defined benefit plans, while the funding levels have come down, they're still over a %. And we still have a good pipeline of opportunities. So, you know, good start to the year. We're still focused on making sure that we get the right return level for the sales that we're putting on and for the capital that we're investing in that business. But we expect full year '25, at least right now, to be about the same ballpark as it was in '24 on PRT sales.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. The other thing, Jack, I'd mention there is if an employer is thinking of moving into a PRT, they've derisked their portfolio to be much more based on, you know, less riskier assets, which then does make the equity movements less to how people think about transacting in that business.
Jack Moten: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ward with UBS. Your line is now open.
Mike Ward: Thank you. Good morning. I recognize there's a lot of uncertainty out there, but I was just wondering if you could comment on how you're approaching the buyback in this volatility.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Great question, Mike. You know, I think what I would say there is we're in a strong capital position. We had strong deployment in the quarter. And if I think about our capital deployment strategy, it remains grounded in long-term discipline and flexibility. We haven't made any changes to our strategy, and we'll continue to be prudent in returning excess capital to shareholders. But I'll see if Joel has anything to add there.
Joel Pitz: Yes, Mike, just to complement that. Our capital deployment plans that we communicate in outlook are very much intact. And that's demonstrating the $200 million of share buybacks we did during the first quarter. So we have an active share buyback program in place during the second quarter. So on that front, we're well on our way to delivering on the $700 million to $1 billion of share back by guidance in 2025. And, also, an indication of our capital strength is a 1 dividend increase, you know, we're committed to that 40% dividend payout ratio. A 9% trailing twelve-month increase over the prior period, and so, again, we feel really good about our ability to deliver on our capital deployment plan. And as Deanna said, we'll continue to be disciplined and balance our deployment.
Mike Ward: Okay. Thank you. And then so is it yeah. Maybe I was thinking maybe for Kamal. From your viewpoint, you know, you guys touch a lot of different classes. I was just wondering if you see any pockets of weakness, or is it is everything kind of, like, in a holding pattern across credit? Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. You know, I think, you know, Kamal already reiterated that we're seeing some really good wins coming through. Ultimately, some of that is even funding as we sit here in April during extreme volatility. Maybe you can talk about some of those asset classes where we're seeing strength.
Kamal Bhatia: Yeah. Absolutely, Mike. So I think it's a great question because I do think post-April, credit spreads have widened across everything. And so what I do think is happening is there is activity now picking up in how you access credit from a client's perspective. I'll, you know, you heard us mention that we are seeing increased activity in places like high yield, and even preferred security. One of the reasons we are seeing that is over the last few years, many clients chose riskier credit managers, particularly given the environment we were in and the strength of the economy. And as the volatility of the economy increases, we see a lot of investors trying to now reallocate to a different kind of a credit manager. And we're seeing the benefit of that across our fixed income business. In fact, over time, we'll probably see that benefit even come through our real estate debt business. One of the things we started a few years ago, is scaling up quite, quite well is our infrastructure debt business, which primarily accesses long-duration sort of investment-grade infrastructure growth, and that's a space where now credit interest is substantially going up. So yes, the markets have become more volatile, but I think there's a flight to better more conservative credit manager, which certainly pays to our strengths right now.
Mike Ward: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Good morning. I had a question just on your flows across the three main businesses, RIS, Asset Management, and International Pension. Your comments on the pipeline have been generally constructive, but flows were weak across all of those businesses. And I think you did outline the loss of a couple of large mandates in both of them, but maybe just give us a little bit more insight into what's going on in terms of flows.
Deanna Strable: Maybe I'll talk to I'll have Kamal start with investment management and international pension. I think the dynamics that we've continued to talk to you about really resonate in all of those businesses, which is all flows are not created equally. And even with the significant outflows that we saw in investment management, in the first quarter, the actual run rate revenue on those negative flows was positive. Again, I know it's an important metric. One we focus on, but ultimately, we're here to drive revenue and earnings growth for our shareholders. But ultimately, maybe some additional color. Then we didn't talk about international pension and Brazil was probably a little more pressured this quarter than we would typically see in the first quarter.
Kamal Bhatia: Absolutely. Deanna, Jimmy, good morning. I'll touch upon quickly what Deanna mentioned in our international pension businesses. There is generally seasonality in that flow, so a little bit more muted in Brazil. We believe that it's going to actually improve as the year goes by. We are actually taking some management actions in that direction. And one of the reasons it was pressured in Brazil was really max related. The very, very high rates in Brazil have certainly caused a little bit of pressure on those pension flows. But we do we do we are working on actually newer products that will work well in that environment. The other thing I would highlight for you when you think about cash flows is given we are such a large private market manager, for us, while we can continue to capital raise NCF is dependent on deployment. And one of the things we are focused on is increasing the rate of deployment. And I'll give you a couple of figures that give me great comfort as we think about our deployment. We have certainly increased how we deploy capital. Certainly, the market gives more opportunities at times as well. This, we deployed almost $1.35 billion on behalf of third-party clients in one Q. This will not only generate fees, but over time generate performance fees for us. That is up almost $200 million more from four Q. And I expect that pace of deployment to pick up. In fact, if I include affiliated revenue accretive deployments because you kind of think about these things in terms of how your mix of business is improving, and your revenue is accreting to the book of business, it would be close to $2 billion this quarter. So I think you want to think about revenue as well as the pace deployment we have that generates and grows our book of business overall.
Deanna Strable: Chris, you have anything else on flow dynamics?
Christopher Littlefield: I mean, I think, Jimmy, I think, you know, we continue to expect AV net cash flow to be pressured due to the same trends and flow patterns and seasonality that we've experienced in prior quarters. But, again, we continue to deliver 5% net revenue growth this quarter. We delivered margins at the top end at 41%. That's kind of how we're thinking about the business. We did have one large contract lapse that we mentioned last quarter. That was a contract that we terminated. It's not that the customer left us. But with our focus on profitable business, we did decide that that customer would be better somewhere else. And that was, you know, 2.3 low fee outflow for us in the quarter that certainly impacted flows. I previously talked about the participants' withdrawal rates and the loans and hardships. Again, loans and hardships up modestly and the rate largely in line, but they're up modestly. But it's less than 10% of overall impact on flow, so that's not gonna be a big driver of flow dynamics. So hopefully that helps, Jimmy.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. The only additional dynamic, Chris, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, but in extreme periods of volatility, you do see plan activity may be impacted. Obviously, that benefits us on the lapse side, but could impact the timing of some of the transfer deposits. But, again, some of that will play out as we go forward.
Christopher Littlefield: Yep. I agree with that. Periods of volatility, plan sponsors are less reluctant to have going to a blackout period with their plans. And so you could see lower transfer deposits throughout the year, but on the opposite side, we'd see higher retention is a positive for us.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Just on your comments on the loss of lower fee business. In DC and then also in asset management. Has there been a change in your view on how you approach the business versus this before? Just trying to get a sense of how the low fee business got on your platform to begin with. Is it all acquisition-related, or there's just been a view a shift in your view on how you're managing the business being more selective than maybe a few years ago?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think, and, Chris, most of those were part of the IRT transaction that has impacted us more over the last, but maybe talk just to how we're approaching new sales as well.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. I mean, I think as we think about the role that large plays in retirement, it's a really important component of it brings scale. It gives us the opportunity to spread those fixed costs across more participants, and it gives us more participants to serve. And to serve them individually as they look to manage both their qualified and nonqualified money when they look to roll out the money or do something else with those funds. So large plays an extremely important role, but it's not an area where we generally get a lot of proprietary asset capture, for instance, or like. So we have to think about those plans thoughtfully as we put them on. But the large percentage of them came from the IRT, but we've been very successful in sort of gaining some momentum in the large market too, particularly with the consultant channel.
Deanna Strable: Anything, Kamal, from your perspective?
Kamal Bhatia: No, Jimmy. The only thing I'll give you two data points, which is a lot of this is legacy business. And I think there are probably two things to keep in mind as you think about us. Once, one, our incentives on growing the book is heavily focused on revenue rate rather than just growth sales. And that's definitely a modernization. The other piece is as we have integrated PGI and PI, we are naturally from the fact that international clients, they buy global products, are willing to pay a premium, particularly in the asset classes we are in. So as the book becomes more global, we actually execute very well on our strategy of growing sales in Asia, and Latin America. That provides us higher revenue, higher quality assets, which will certainly benefit the business over the long period of time.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our Q&A. Ms. Strable, your closing comments, please.
Deanna Strable: Yes, thank you. As we close out today's call, I do want to thank you all for joining us and for your thoughtful questions. Our first quarter results are a testament to the strength of our diversified business. The proactive steps we're taking to mitigate risk, our disciplined execution, and the clarity and the strength of our strategy. Amid market volatility and economic uncertainty, we remain confident in our ability to deliver through cycles and create long-term value for our customers and our shareholders. Investing in our future. We're staying close to and being there for our customers. And we're operating with the same resilience and purpose that has defined us for the last 145 years. Thank you for your time today. Thank you for your continued support. We look forward to connecting with many of you in the near future. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results and 2025 Outlook Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings and [ 2024 ] Outlook Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO Deanna Strable and Interim CFO, Joel Pitz, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open the call for questions. Members of senior management are also available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. Before I begin this morning, I'd like to recognize Dan Houston for his leadership as our CEO over the last 10 years. He has been instrumental in setting our growth agenda and has led us through significant transformation. Principal is in a position of strength today and is well positioned for continued growth, thanks to his tireless leadership. It has been an honor to work alongside Dan over the last 7 years as his CFO. I look forward to building upon the strong foundation we've established under Dan's leadership. I am extremely grateful to continue to have him serve as the Executive Chair of our Board. This morning, I will discuss key milestones and highlights from the fourth quarter and full year 2024. Joel will follow with additional details. Principal delivered a strong 2024. We began the year with an ambitious outlook. We committed to growing earnings per share in the 9% to 12% range, targeting a 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion and expanding our ROE towards our targeted range of 14% to 16%. I'm extremely pleased that we've delivered on this guidance. Our adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share growth in 2024 was 11%, with a strong 16% increase in the fourth quarter. This was driven by strong top line growth across the enterprise, as well as the benefits from equity market tailwinds, which more than offset impacts from foreign currency. Our free capital flow conversion ratio ended the year at the midpoint of our 75% to 85% target, and we improved our ROE by 90 basis points year-over-year and are on track to achieve our 14% to 16% target in 2025. Our strong capital position and free capital flow enabled us to deliver on our capital deployment guidance. We returned $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders in 2024. Our total capital return to shareholders included share buybacks which were above the midpoint of our targeted range and a 10% increase in our annual common stock dividend. Our Board of Directors just approved a new share repurchase authorization for $1.5 billion. This is in addition to the nearly $800 million remaining under the prior authorization at the end of the year. At our recent Investor Day, we laid out our strategic areas of focus for sustained growth, the broad retirement ecosystem, small and midsized businesses and global asset management. I'm happy to highlight some of our achievements related to these. As part of our retirement ecosystem strategy, we recently expanded our suite of target date offerings to now include both personalized and passive options, addressing the evolving needs of plan sponsors and participants. Our differentiated capabilities across retirement and asset management also led to an off-platform retirement investment mandate win of nearly $1 billion into our hybrid target date in the fourth quarter. This highlights our opportunity to unlock incremental value at the intersection of our businesses. Over decades, we have built a resilient and valuable SMB customer base. This segment is large, with significant opportunities for growth. We remain uniquely positioned to serve this market and look to expand on our leadership position in a disciplined way. In RIS, we continue to experience strong growth in this segment, with 8% recurring deposit growth in 2024 outpacing the large case segment. In Specialty Benefits, our customers, on average, have more than 3 products with us, up 4% compared to 2023. We have deep customer relationships, a strong leadership position and a long track record of above-market growth in the attractive SMB segment. In Asset Management, we continue to expand our private and multi-asset solutions, gaining traction in next-generation real estate and credit strategies with clients globally. Our largest real estate fund data center growth and income fund has currently raised over $3.6 billion across 11 countries in 18 months. This will materialize through net cash flow over time. Notably, new institutional clients represent 36% of the fund's total commitments. Beyond real estate, we are advancing our private and multi-asset capabilities, including the launch of a private credit REIT fund and the build-out of a private infrastructure debt team. Our clear strategy and strong execution across these 3 distinct growth platforms delivered strong results in 2024 and will continue going forward. We ended 2024 with $712 billion of total company-managed AUM, down 4% sequentially but up 3% from 2023. Strong market performance despite market volatility in the final weeks of the year more than offset the impacts from FX and net cash flow. Total company net cash flow improved for both the fourth quarter and full year 2024 compared to the year ago period. Specifically, positive institutional and retail flows in the quarter helped to partially offset what is typically our weakest quarter due to seasonality in U.S. retirement sales and lapse activity. Now turning to our business segments. In Retirement, we generated strong revenue and earnings growth in 2024. This was driven by favorable market conditions and continued growth in our business due to the breadth and depth of our integrated suite of retirement solutions spanning recordkeeping, asset management and retirement income. The underlying fundamentals across retirement remain healthy. Recurring deposits for our total block in 2024 increased 7% over 2023, driven by the strength in the SMB segment. The number of individuals deferring and receiving employer matches are up 3% compared to fourth quarter of 2023. In addition, the dollar amount of these deferrals and matches increased by over 7% during the same period. There is growing interest and participation in employer-sponsored retirement plans. Employers and plan sponsors are choosing to partner with us because of our full suite of solutions we offer and how we serve advisers, plan sponsors and participants. And while higher account values driven by strong equity markets over the last couple of years has led to an increase in withdrawal amounts, we are encouraged that the rate of participant withdrawals stabilized in the quarter. Contact retention rates also improved substantially in 2024 compared to the previous 2 years. Better retention and an improved sales pipeline are generating strong momentum in our business. Pension risk transfer sales were nearly $900 million in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year sales to over $3 billion at attractive returns. The PRT market remains robust, and we are positioned to take advantage of it. Our defined benefits business continues to be a valuable source for PRT new business, with nearly 40% of our 2024 new contracts coming from existing defined benefit customer relationships. In Asset Management, we realigned our businesses into investment management and international pension in the fourth quarter. Asset Management ended the year with $683 billion of AUM. Strong market performance in 2024 was partially offset by nearly $28 billion of FX impacts. Net flows for the year improved compared to 2023 in investment management as nonaffiliated flows benefited from improvement across all channels. We continue to evolve our global asset management business, positioning against new opportunities for growth and even stronger client outcomes. Our strategic focus remains on attractive businesses that leverage our competitive differentiators and leadership positions. As evidence of this evolution, we recently took several actions to streamline our business portfolio within asset management. Most impactful is Hong Kong, where a changing regulatory environment necessitates us evolving our presence in the market, focusing on our core expertise of retirement asset management while pursuing a new partnership with an industry leader in pension services. Our transaction with Bank Consortium Trust, or BCT, when approved, will transition our MPF schemes to BCT and expand our role as an investment manager with assets from the combined pension schemes. The financial impact has been factored into our outlook. Turning to benefits and protection, we continue to generate above-market growth of 7% in Specialty Benefits in 2024. This reflects net new business growth while maintaining pricing discipline. In life, our focus on the business owner is resonating as our business market premium and fees grew over 16% in 2024. As I look at the opportunities in front of us, I am confident in our ability to drive value through deeper market penetration in SMB, expanding our offering within the retirement ecosystem and sharpening our focus in global asset management. Before turning it over to Joel, I'd like to highlight 2 important recognitions we received recently. Principal was named 1 of America's Most Just Companies by Just Capital, ranking #11 on the 2025 Just 100 list. This recognition reflects our leadership in the industry and our commitment to serving our employees, customers, communities and shareholders. Additionally, for the 13th consecutive year, Principal Asset Management was named a Best Place to Work in Money Management by Pensions and Investments, earning this recognition every year since the inception of the award. Recognitions like this reinforce our culture and core values, help us attract and retain top talent and allow us to stand out in the competitive marketplace. We closed 2024 with momentum across our diverse portfolio of businesses. Our success is a testament to the focus and hard work of our 20,000 global employees. Their ongoing commitment to excellence and to our customers enabled us to seize opportunities and has set the stage for future growth. Joel?
Joel Pitz: Thanks, Deanna. Good morning to everyone on the call. I'll walk through our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year, provide updates on our investment portfolio and capital position and share details of our outlook for 2025. As shown on Slides 3 and 4, excluding significant variances, full year non-GAAP operating earnings were $1.8 billion or $7.65 per diluted share. This represents an 11% increase in EPS over 2023, comfortably within our 9% to 12% EPS guidance. Results for the quarter were equally strong, with non-GAAP operating earnings excluding significant variances of $485 million or $2.10 per diluted share, a 16% increase over the year ago quarter. You can find the significant variance items on Slide 17 through 19. Full year reported net income excluding exited business was $1.5 billion, with modest credit losses and drift, both slightly better than our expectations at the beginning of the year. Non-GAAP operating ROE for 2024 excluding our actuarial assumption review was 13.7%, an improvement of 90 basis points compared to the year ago period. We remain on track to deliver our 14% to 16% targeted ROE by 2025. 2024 equity markets created favorable tailwinds with strong total returns across major indices. The S&P 500 gained 25% for the year, with more modest growth in small cap, mid-cap, real estate and international equities. Our diversified equity asset mix, along with our allocation to fixed income asset classes, results in market performance that varies from the S&P 500. This underscores the importance of recognizing the asset mix within our AUM, which can be found in the Appendix on Slide 16. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted AUM by $28 billion for the full year and $17 billion for the quarter. Despite this impact, equity market performance more than offset the FX impacts for the full year. The following commentary excludes significant variances. Our full year results demonstrate the strength of our integrated businesses, which enabled us to deliver on our 2024 enterprise guidance of 9% to 12% EPS growth. We delivered top line growth of 5% across the company in 2024. This, coupled with expense discipline while investing in our business, resulted in non-GAAP margin expansion of 60 basis points during the year. Starting with RIS, full year pretax operating earnings increased 9% over 2023, driven by strong business growth, favorable market conditions and higher net investment income. Net revenue growth of 7% for the full year exceeded our long-term target and our guidance for 2024. The 40% margin was at the high end of our guided range. These results highlight our disciplined focus on profitable revenue growth, supported by favorable macroeconomic tailwinds. Principal Asset Management delivered strong results for the year. Specifically, investment management's pretax operating earnings increased 6% over 2023, driven by higher management fees resulting from strong market performance. Full year operating margin of 35% expanded 100 basis points from a year ago, a noteworthy accomplishment in a year with limited contributions from performance fees. International pensions pretax operating earnings were relatively flat compared to 2023 due to $26 million of FX impacts in the year. On a constant currency basis, earnings increased 9%, driven by 4% growth in net revenue. Operating margin improved by 100 basis points, reflecting growth and strong execution in our targeted markets. Although we revised the presentation, it is worth noting that PGI delivered on full year guidance, as did Principal International on a constant currency basis. Specialty Benefits continues to deliver attractive premium and fees growth, up 7% compared to full year 2023. Quarter-over-quarter comparisons are impacted by a large single premium sale in the fourth quarter of 2023, which makes direct comparisons less meaningful. Notably, Specialty Benefits produced record earnings in the fourth quarter as well as full year 2024. Loss ratio for the year of 60.4% was favorable and at the low end of our guided range. An operating margin of 15% was above the midpoint of our guided range. These results underscore the effectiveness of management actions to drive profitable growth. In our Life business, growth in our business market continues to outpace the roll-off of the legacy block. Full year life premium and fees increased 1% overall, with business market premium and fees up 16% year-over-year. We executed another YRT reinsurance transaction as we continue to derisk the legacy Life portfolio. This had an immaterial impact on earnings and a slight decrease to premium and fees. Excluding the 2024 reinsurance transactions, premium and fees growth was 3% in 2024. Turning to our investment portfolio. We maintain a well-diversified and high-quality portfolio that aligns with our liability profile, is well positioned to perform across a variety of economic conditions. While commercial mortgage loans may still be on some investors' minds, our portfolio is of high quality. With an average loan-to-value ratio of 50% and debt service coverage ratio of 2.3x, we continue to re-underwrite our office loans each quarter. After successfully resolving our 2024 office loan maturities, we entered 2025 with continued optimism. Maturities in the coming year are lower than in 2024 at $310 million. We are off to a good start, with $75 million already having been paid off. [ Revital ] and capital market activity will help the office market continue its recovery path. For more detailed information, we have provided supplemental investment slides available on our website. Turning to capital and liquidity. We ended the year in a very strong position, with $1.6 billion of excess and available capital. This includes $830 million at the holding company, above our $800 million targeted level, $300 million in our subsidiaries, and $430 million in excess of our targeted 375% risk-based capital ratio, which is 404% at year-end. On a full year basis, we delivered 80% free capital flow conversion, comfortably within our 75% to 85% targeted range. As shown on Slide 3, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders in 2024, including $1 billion via share repurchases and $660 million in common stock dividends. As Deanna noted previously, this was above the midpoint of our 2024 guidance. This included just under $470 million of capital returned to shareholders in the fourth quarter, $300 million in share repurchases and $170 million in dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.75 common stock dividend, payable in the first quarter. This represents a $0.02 increase over the prior quarter's dividend, a 10% dividend growth rate on a trailing 12-month basis and aligns with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio, underscoring our confidence in continued growth and strong performance. Our results reinforce our balanced approach to capital deployment, creating long-term value for shareholders while maintaining financial flexibility to support growth opportunities. Turning to our outlook, starting on Slide 11. We are well positioned to deliver on our enterprise long-term financial targets again in 2025. These were reaffirmed at Investor Day, with 9% to 12% growth in earnings per share, 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion and 14% to 16% return on equity. As a reminder, these targets are excluding significant variances. We expect to see even stronger EPS growth on a reported basis. We remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and are targeting $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion of capital deployments in 2025. This includes $700 million to $1 billion of share repurchases and a 40% dividend payout ratio. Our guidance assumes run rate variable investment income, or VII. We will continue to quantify the impact to reported results from higher lower-than-expected VII and a significant variance in our earnings cost throughout the year. For 2025, we expect VII to improve compared to 2024. Turning to our business units. Slide 12 outlines our 2025 enterprise outlook, medium-term business unit expectations for 2025 through 2027 and modeling considerations for 2025. Business unit guidance assumes normal market conditions. Taken together, this guidance reinforces our confidence in the sustained delivery of our financial targets at the enterprise level. In RIS, building on the strong results in 2024, we are revising our margin guidance upward, and net revenue guidance of 2% to 5% remains intact. In investment management, medium-term guidance reflects the underlying strength of our global asset management business. We expect revenue growth and margin to be within these ranges in 2025. In international pension, our guidance looks different from what we showed in the past for Principal International due to the resegmentation and the change in the net revenue metric to better align with the rest of the enterprise. We expect net revenue to be at the midpoint of the range on a constant currency basis, but below the range on a reported basis due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to last year. Margin is expected to improve from 2024 levels, be at the low end of the range in 2025 and improving thereafter. In Specialty Benefits, the dental market was dynamic during 2024. We maintained our underwriting discipline, resulting in lower sales in the second half of the year. As a result, we are revising our medium-term premium fees guidance to 6% to 9%, which remains above industry growth. In 2025, we expect growth to be near the low end of this range, with growth improving throughout the year. The ongoing discipline in underwriting is contributing to continued strength in our block, leading us to improve our loss ratio and margin targets, reflecting confidence in the overall business fundamentals and health of this business. In Life, premium fees growth is expected to be at or above the high end of the range for the year, with high-teens growth in our business market block, partially offset by the runoff of our legacy block. Our revised margin guidance reflects improvement over 2024. Before opening for questions, I want to remind you of a few seasonality impacts. In Investment Management, the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter for earnings due to the seasonality of deferred compensation and elevated payroll taxes. Specifically, we expect approximately $40 million of seasonally higher expenses in the first quarter with no impact to full year outlook. In Specialty Benefits, dental claims are typically higher in the first half of the year. Similar to the pattern in 2024, these factors will contribute to earnings being meaningfully higher in the second half than the first half of 2025. Additionally, they drive the seasonal pattern of free capital flow, which is typically lightest in the first half of the year and increases in the second half. We have good momentum as we start 2025 with a strong capital position, and we are well positioned to deliver on our long-term financial targets. We are grounded in our growth drivers of the retirement ecosystem, small and midsized businesses and global asset management while continuing to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger: My first question was, can you provide some initial thoughts on the pension reform that was passed in Chile and how to think about how that may impact Principal going forward?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. I'll give a brief comment and then pass it over to Kamal. As you know, we've been in Chile for a long time, and we remain committed to supporting our customers there. We are optimistic that this reform will provide additional clarity on how we navigate the future, but will take time to play out. With that, I'll ask Kamal to give a further update on what we're seeing there.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thanks, Deanna. Just to add to Deanna's comments. So first, the reform will bring some positive changes. Particularly, they are reaffirming the defined contribution system, which is important to us and reducing [ Incaje ], which will improve -- which will help improve the system's efficiency. We also anticipate a smoother transition to target data investment vehicles, which we believe is a key step forward for the marketplace. At this stage, we are confident in our ability to navigate these changes over time as we have done in the past and are optimistic about the long-term outlook for our business in Chile.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ryan. And obviously, we'll continue to update as more of this gets firmed up as we move forward. But do you have an additional question?
Ryan Krueger: Yes. This is a bit of a higher level question. There has been more talk of, I guess, particularly by alternative asset managers about getting more private assets within 401(k) plans. Would be interested in your thoughts on that and how that could evolve over time for the industry.
Deanna Strable: Yes. As you know, we've obviously have a focus on private and have been in real estate for decades, but I'll see if Chris has some comments specifically around privates within the 401(k) lineup.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. Yes, I think we see, and I think the industry sees some significant opportunity for increased use of privates in retirement plans. There's obviously some regulatory hurdles that need to be overcome and some other issues in terms of liquidity buffers and the like that would need to be paired along for retirement customers. So we do think that there is significant potential for privates in retirement, but I think there is a little bit of work to do still on the regulatory environment and getting a product in a vehicle that works for sort of retirement customers. And I think that will take a little bit of time before we see momentum. I think you'll see it initially packaged in target dates or managed account offerings. So I think you'll see some innovation in that space over the course of the next year or 2.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Ryan, for the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners.
Joel Hurwitz: I wanted to unpack some of the comments you guys made on RIS flows. Could you provide some more color on just the level of stabilization you saw with participant withdrawals? And then just how much contract lapses improve year-over-year? And then, I guess, just any color on the pipeline as we enter 2025 and how the outlook at least maybe for the first quarter looks on flows?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Joel, thanks for the question. RIS had a great year when you look at the revenue growth and how that translated into margin and earnings. And as we've talked about in the past, that really is our primary focus. But I'll have Chris talk about all the specifics that you mentioned there, both for the year and the quarter as well as we think about first quarter of '25.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Joel. And thanks for that, Deanna. I think as we've stated in previous quarters, before I dive deeply into flows, I mean, we do prioritize revenue and margin over flows. Flows are important, but our focus is on generating profitable revenue growth, which we did in '24, exceeding our net revenue guidance and being at the top end of our margin. So we feel really good about that. I think as you all know on the call as well, rising equity markets are positive for our fee-based businesses, but they do create pressures for us in other metrics, including net flows and fee revenue rates. In the fourth quarter, our fee-based flows were improved sequentially and over the year ago because we saw a healthy recurring deposit growth of over 6%. We saw strong transfer deposits. And we had record retention in WSRS, which resulted largely from a slightly lower participant withdrawal rate as well as lower contract lapses, particularly in the large market. So again, what we saw in the fourth quarter is lower withdrawal rate. And so all of the flows are really attributable to those higher-performing equity markets. I think another thing that I want to note with respect to flows is if you look at the sort of full year, we are seeing pressure from VA lapses, VAs with GMWB of about $1 billion over the course of 2024. And many of those are being exchanged into our RILA, which are registered index-linked annuity product with income, and we're capturing a very significant percentage in RILA, but that is converting from a fee-based flow to a spread-based flow. So we are seeing that dynamic as well. The other thing I'd say about flows is we do see -- continue to see very good health and SMB flows. Our recurring deposit growth is higher than the averages, and we're seeing positive net cash flow in SMB. So again, we feel really good about the position in SMB. As we turn to the outlook for 2025, we currently forecast the participant withdrawal rate will stabilize and that we'll continue to see health and recurring and transfer deposits, but we do expect the flows to be impacted by higher market performance and the lingering impact of the strong equity markets from 2024. We expect to see continued net outflows from the VA traditional block, which is an overall industry trend, but capturing those -- some of those are a good portion of those in RILA. In the first quarter, we do know that we have 1 large market outflow of about $2.3 billion with minimal fee revenue impact. A client, again, as we look at profitable business that we chose to terminate that relationship, but that will be 1 outflow in the first quarter. And then we expect to see a more normalized, maybe slightly lower contract retention rate compared to the record retention we saw in 2024. All that being said, again, net cash flow is a measure, and it's -- and we do look at it. but flows all have a different profile on revenue and profit, and our focus is really remaining disciplined on pricing, generating profitable revenue growth and delivering on our net revenue and margin guidance in 2025.
Deanna Strable: We hope that helps. You have an additional question?
Joel Hurwitz: Yes. Then just shifting to sort of real estate transactional activity. What are you expecting for '25? And just any more color on variable investment income expectations and performance fees in Investment Management for the year?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thank you for that question. Obviously, real estate is a core competency, both as we drive flows to unaffiliated clients, but also within our general account. I'm going to ask Kamal to give some general comments regarding kind of the state of the real estate market. And then I'll ask Joel to add in specific color regarding our general account and the implications on VII.
Kamal Bhatia: So let me pick up where Deanna left off on the state of the real estate market. So from where we sit, we do see commercial real estate sort of entering this early stages of a gradual but probably a more volatile recovery period than we have seen in the past. One of the things that has started to happen is we are actually seeing real transactional activity happen in the marketplace. And in parallel, there has been robust growth in CRE credit that is available to real estate transactions. Those are very important signals for this market to continue to expand. In fact, when you look at 4Q, there has been a substantial increase in equity transaction activity, 32% year-over-year. So clearly, transactions are starting to happen now, which is important because it leads to price discovery, and that allowed the marketplace to find a floor. The CMBS market has been unusually strong. We had over $100 billion of new issuance just in 2024. So that's certainly helping on the credit side. Just to look at our own book in 4Q, we almost put $1.9 billion of private capital to work. That was up from $1 billion earlier in the year. So almost 2x increase. So I feel confident on the transactional side. I'll turn it over to Joel on the second part.
Joel Pitz: Yes. So Joel, thanks for the question. We do expect improved returns in 2025 relative to 2024 for all of our VII portfolio. And importantly, with key asset classes at or approaching long-term expectations in '25. And as you know, within our alts portfolio, real estate is a very prominent part of that, making up 50% of our portfolio, and we have much less concentration in PE and hedge funds. Real estate returns have improved from 2023 to 2024, and we expect that trend to continue in 2025. Given our strong capabilities that Kamal referenced, we invest directly in real estate. Therefore, these assets are not fair valued every quarter, as will be the case if we're investing under a fund structure. So as you can see in the investment supplement that we provided on Slide 5, these real estate properties are sitting in a meaningful unrealized gain position. So this appreciation and those unrealized gains will be recognized at the time of sale, resulting in some quarterly volatility within our VII metric. When this emerges, we'll be sure to highlight that activity over time, on which we expect to be weighted towards the middle and latter half of the year in 2025. So in summary, with some volatility along the way due to timing of sales, we do expect relevant improvement in VII for the upcoming year.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis from Raymond James.
Wilma Jackson Burdis: There's been some litigation in the larger end of the PRT market. I understand that the set of a different for PSG. Given some of that's been more -- a little bit more focused on the offshore model. But could you see this moving into the smaller end of the market? Or have you, I guess, observed any activity yet?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Wilma, for the question. We've obviously been in the PRT business for decades, have a great expertise there, and I'll see if Chris can directly answer your question regarding the recent litigation.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Wilma. I mean I think as Deanna pointed out, we've been in this business for over 80 years and haven't ever missed a payment to a customer. I think we haven't seen the litigation migrate down. I think certainly, it's focused more on fee-backed providers of PRT transactions with 1 notable exception in a more traditional carrier. I suspect that they'll wait and see how those lawsuits turn out in terms of the validity of those lawsuits are not, again, I note, I don't believe any of those customers have not received their payments under those transactions. So I think from our perspective, it hasn't impacted our business. We haven't seen a lot of activity in the small to midsized business, and we remain a very trusted, reliable provider of risk transfer solutions for people that have pensions.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Wilma, for that. We had a great PRT year, and we are confident that that's going to continue as we move into 2025. Do you have an additional question?
Wilma Jackson Burdis: Yes, 80 years, a pretty good track record. Yes. Can you just talk a little bit about what's going on in Specialty Benefits that you're exercising a little underwriting discipline in 2025?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Wilma, for the question. Specialty Benefits had an incredible quarter and a really great year when you look at it from an earnings perspective, which again is -- our focus has been for decades on making sure we're driving profitable growth. And with that, I'll move it over to Amy to talk specifically about what we're seeing and how that translates to our discipline and our approach to underwriting and pricing.
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Thanks, Wilma. Thanks, Deanna. I do think when we look at SPD looking across all of the metrics that we've given guidance on for outlook, it's probably helpful to understand how the underwriting discipline comes back in. So just as a -- just as a reminder, we've tightened both the loss ratio and the margin ranges for our outlook. So we're moving the margin to the lower end up to 13% and then the loss ratio down to 64%. So we've also adjusted that overall premium growth to reflect those competitive factors that are really at the heart of your question. So when I look at the competition, what we're seeing is, especially in the second half of 2024, we saw the market get a little bit more aggressive. We think that will continue in 2025. And the product that we've probably seen the most competitive pressures on is dental. We, along with the whole industry, have experienced pretty high utilization of dental, and that's meant that we're doing some repricing in 2024. So this has impacted some of the new sales in the back half of 2024, and it will impact, we think, at least that front half of 2025. Do keep in mind that we sell as a bundle of products. And so dental does tend to be a meaningful product in that bundle. And when dental is impacted, you can see some impact on some of the other products. What we know, though, is that over the long term, disciplined underwriting for all of our products is really critical to building and maintaining a profitable growth and a profitable block. It's critical to maintaining stable predictable renewals, too. So it's not just that front end new sale. It's creating those stable predictable renewals that are -- both our brokers and our employer customers need from us. When we think about our expertise in that small market, we've got to have something that's a bit more predictable in that small market. Cash flow concerns are very significant for small and midsized customers. So keeping that stable, predictable flow is really important. And sometimes the trade-off is we'll take a little bit less -- looking a little bit less growthy to make sure that we've got the margin and make sure we've got the type of loss ratio that we need for that business. So I'm really confident that that underwriting discipline is just part of the package over the course of time. And our ability to grow above the industry is going to be focused on that knowledge of the SMB market, that broad and deep broker relationships we have, our use of technology and then the service that we provide. So it's all a package, and I feel really comfortable with how 2025 looks.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Wilma for all the questions.
Wilma Jackson Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott from Barclays.
Taylor Scott: First 1, I have views on the free cash flow. It looked like the outlook for capital return is pretty strong. And I think in the last few years, it's sort of -- time has been in excess of what you guide to in terms of free cash flow conversion of earnings. So I was just interested in commentary there. I mean, is it further drawdown of excess capital? Or is the free cash flow conversion getting better? How do I think through all that?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Alex, thanks for the question. When we think about it, we look at both kind of the ongoing free cash flow that is generated for our business and then how that translates into our capital deployment. And you're right, over the last few years, partially just because of how we've started each of the years and drawing that down, there's been a little bit higher of deployment from that perspective. But again, we like our business model and all I'll just ask Joel to add some additional flavor there.
Joel Pitz: Yes, Alex, thanks for the question. As you said, we're starting to position of strength, $1.6 billion of excess available capital coming into 2025. And if you look at our long-term guidance, which is 40% dividend payout ratio and share repurchase of 35% to 45%, our share buyback plan for 2025 is outsized. A lot of that is because we do have a strong excess capital position coming into the year. And so again, really proud of the results that we're delivering there on that front. And we feel really good about our $700 million to $1 billion target that we have for the year. We did hear some comments looking at the reports about it seems less. And the big reason it's less is because we drew down more coming into '25, and we did come in at '24. If you look at our RBC ratio coming into the year, it was 427% coming into 2024. And as we sit here today, it's 404%. So again, we're still at excess, but just not the excess we had 1 year ago. So again, outsized share buybacks, $700 million to $1 billion translates to about 40% to 60% payout ratio, above our guidance, and that's a product of our strong capital flow generation.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Alex. Do you have a follow-up question?
Taylor Scott: Yes. So for a follow-up, I wanted to ask about sort of what to expect on the fees on RIS. And I guess, just as I look at your margins, record levels or near record levels and [ Empower ], same thing. I think [ Empower ] had the best margins they've ever had in the history of the company and guided to more expansion next year. So just thinking through how strong the profit margins are for your business and some of your biggest peers, what are you seeing in the competitive environment? I would think this is a pretty competitive business. Are you seeing signs that the strong margins are going to lead to more pricing competition?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I'll ask Chris to address that.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. I mean without commenting on our competitors' margins, I mean, I think our margin performance has been strong, and we expect it to improve from levels that we delivered in 2024. This has always been a very competitive market, and fee compression is something that we've consistently had to manage through and work through. We're not seeing anything that's particularly unusual. From what we've generally seen, it's just competition. I think there's also recognition that this is -- there's a lot of cost and complexity in managing a retirement business. And so I think is also a recognition that when you look at the services that we provide, there needs to be a reasonable return on the services that we provide. So I don't think that there's sort of this irrational competition out there. I just think it's tough. The industry is consolidating. We're at scale. We've - we've been part of that consolidation. I think that will continue. And as I've mentioned in the past, a lot of the consolidation is happening organically, not inorganically now. Obviously, you saw some smaller inorganic transactions. So I would say it's tough. It's a tough market environment. We are winning in it, and we have confidence that we will be able to continue to win as a scale player in the space.
Deanna Strable: And Chris, I think you've guided to that 2 to 3 basis point range, which is where we landed this year at the high end, just given the equity market improvement, and I think we're guiding to that same as we think about 2025 as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: So first, I had a question for Chris on flows in the RISP business. And I realize there's some seasonality inflows as well, but the flows have been negative for the past 3 years because of some of the things you discussed on the call earlier. Is it reasonable to assume that there's not going to be a major change in your flows at least in the next 1 to 2 years? Or do you think there's a chance that they turn positive? And if yes, what would change?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thank you, Jimmy. And I think I've seen your prior notes and analysis as well. I think you've identified, there's some large macro pressures from people that have been saving for many decades in 401(k) systems that are now reaching retirement. And so we are certainly seeing some of that pressure in withdrawal rates. So I don't see an inflection where it's going to immediately turn greatly positive here over the next couple of years, but I think you've also identified the demographic trend that we get through the next couple of years. What we are seeing is the generations that are earlier in their working careers, are saving earlier in their careers and saving more than those that are in -- have been in the sort of the Generation X generation. So we think the long-term dynamics are very positive for retirement, but we do see some short-term flow pressures, as I think you've rightly pointed out.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Even with those negative flows, Jimmy, our account values are increasing sizably over the last few years, which obviously then does translate into revenue and earnings. So do you have a follow-up question?
Jamminder Bhullar: Yes. Just for Amy on employee benefits, you've been in the process of repricing your dental book, I think, a couple of years now. But should we assume that that's done completely? Or is that an ongoing process? And margins, if we look stand-alone on dental, won't normalize until beyond 2025?
Deanna Strable: Amy, you can address that?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Yes. So I would say the bulk of those actions are moving through our block right now. So what that really means is some of them are already going to be coming through the results that we see, and some of them will continue to flow through the first half of the year. I think the really important point to your question is are we going to see margins look better for dental if we looked at that as a stand-alone entity in 2025? And the answer is yes. I do expect the loss ratio to look a bit more like historical patterns. And I expect the production that comes from that line to look positive in 2025. What I would make sure to put back into is we rarely sell any of these products alone. So again, these are always going to be a function of a bundle. I think we mentioned it in some of our opening comments. We're up -- our average bundle, whether you're talking about new sale or in-force, is up over 3 coverages for products. So it's rare that any of our relationships really just rely on any 1 product in terms of how we price and work with them.
Deanna Strable: Yes. And Jimmy, a couple of things there. One of the advantages of focusing on the SMB business is almost all of our business only has a 1-year rate guarantee. And then the other thing that I think is really important, really builds on Amy's last point, which is because there's bundles, you also have seen that we've had very positive underwriting results in life and disability. And so from a bundle perspective, we can take all of that into account, and they may see a little bit of increase in their dental rates. But as we look at the overall package, we can mute that increase across all of the products. And so again, feel good about how we're approaching that profitable growth and expect to see continued great results out of Specialty Benefits. So thank you, Jimmy.
Operator: The next question comes from Jack Matten from BMO Capital Markets.
Francis Matten: The first question I had is on the international pension growth guidance. And I know you resegmented and changed the definition of net revenue there. I guess if you adjust for those 2 things, was there any change at all to the growth outlook? I know you mentioned changes in Hong Kong. That changed throughout it at all, and were there any offsets in your other markets?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Yes. First of all, thanks for initiating coverage. And we look forward to interacting with you more as we go forward. I'll ask Joel to address that. Obviously, FX continues to be pressure as we think of international pension and we did have some in [ Incaje ] impacts as well. But maybe as we think about the guidance, you can give some specific aspects there?
Joel Pitz: Yes. So Jack, thanks for the question. On the international pension front, it's very similar to what we had in 2024. So on a constant currency basis, what we had in 2024 was 4% growth in revenues and 9% growth in earnings. As you fast forward to what we expect for 2025, it's going to be more of the same. It's going to be -- if you look at the midpoint of the range, it's all due to FX is why we're being drawn down to relatively flat year-over-year. But importantly, there's going to be continued margin expansion within that business. in 2024, there was a 100 basis point margin expansion within that business, and we're expecting continued expansion in 2025 and beyond. So really well positioned in those targeted markets and feel really good about the growth prospects within that business.
Deanna Strable: Jack, do you have a follow-up question?
Francis Matten: Yes. And a follow-up on the investment management net cash flows. It seems like deposits are pretty healthy, but withdrawals continue to be somewhat elevated. I guess if you could just touch on trends impacting your net flows there and how you see things developing going into 2025.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll ask Kamal to give some color on that. If you do look at our overall net cash flow on an AUM level for the enterprise, even though it's still negative, we have saw a significant improvement, both for the quarter and the full year. But I'll ask Kamal to give some specifics on the drivers there and also how we're thinking about that as we go into 2025.
Kamal Bhatia: So I'll start with maybe the international pension piece first, when and give you more color on the [indiscernible]. One thing I would highlight for you in addition to what Joel said is we actually also had positive net cash flow in our international pension business. When you look at '24, we actually had positive $600 million of net cash flow growth. So not only managing the business well, but we're actually attracting new dollars in a very mature business. But just turning back to Investment Management, I would say very, very strong results. Chris did talk about some of the affiliated flows. But when I look at nonaffiliated flows, we had a very strong quarter, almost $500 million of positive net cash flow. And the diversity of our cash flow is increasing. These flows came from multiple distribution channels for our clients, and they also came from a lot of international geographies, which is quite valuable for us. Just to highlight, net flows and international institutional were particularly strong. We had over a $2 billion large mandate win in credit. And then Deanna earlier talked about almost $1 billion win in U.S. retirement solutions. So really strong wins in that space. If I look at full year from our local regional clients, we had almost $2.7 billion positive net cash flow for all of 2024, a significant milestone for us. And sequentially, year-over-year, nonaffiliated cash flow is up by $6.5 billion. And I'll just remind you, this is what we laid out at Investor Day, the power of global asset management as we diversify our client base and channels, you could see that in those numbers. To the second part that Deanna raised, which is what do I see moving forward. I think we mentioned earlier that we are exceeding target on our largest real estate fundraise till date. It's going to be not only a milestone for us with respect to growing our business, we've actually added over 50 new sizable relationships across the world beyond just the clients we have historically had in public pensions. We have new relationships with foreign insurance companies now. We've added premier U.S. endowment and foundations and now we also have regional asset managers in Asia who are investing with us. So I would highlight that the momentum will continue to grow on the private market side. And the last thing I would highlight for you, as I look forward, we were also recently just highlighted as the top-performing investment grade U.S. bond fund this year in 2024, and that's a category that actually continues to get active management flows. So hopefully, that helped you.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Jack, for the question.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: So the Hong Kong change and then the YRT in the quarter kind of show a perpetual focus on improvement here. How much further derisking do you see either in international markets or within the life insurance business?
Deanna Strable: Yes. The first thing I would say there is, as you know, I was very involved in our recent strategic review that led to some really sizable changes to our business portfolio, but more importantly, put us in a great position to deliver on our strategic and financial objectives. We have what the portfolio we need to deliver on what we laid out. But we will obviously continuously assess our portfolio, make changes as needed, derisk where it makes sense or in places where we just don't see the path to driving growth, we'll make the decisions to make pivots there. And you did mention the one that we highlighted in this call, which was somewhat driven by the regulatory changes that are happening in that market. And so again, bottom line, we feel good about where we're at, both from a product portfolio perspective, then specifically in life and how we think about our risk exposure. But obviously, we'll continue to stay disciplined as we look at those facts going forward.
John Barnidge: And my follow-up question, completely understand the primary focus of principal serving the small, medium-sized customer. But within your retirement and benefits business, can you talk about how much exposure or non exposure? You have to government nonprofit or government contracting in your businesses?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll maybe just ask Amy and Chris to quickly address that. And if we don't have the answers here today, we'll make sure we get back to you. But Chris, anything from a retirement perspective?
Christopher Littlefield: I would say that we are not a large player in the governmental marketplace, John. So I don't have the exact composition of our business. We have some, but we're not known as a very large player in the governmental end of the business. But we could follow up with  more details on the composition.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. This is Amy. I'll chime in. I would agree with Chris's comment, I might even take it 1 step further for the Specialty Benefits business and say we are just not a player in the government marketplace. That's not been where we've seen some of our historical growth. And they tend to operate with a different set of variables that just don't align us clearly with how we build our machine and process and pricing and technology. And so we're just simply not a player in that market.
Operator: The last question comes from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Deanna, I wanted to ask about M&A now that you're in the seat. Your 0% to 10% capital allocation suggests kind of small deals. But if something big were to come along, similar to kind of IRT, is that the kind of thing you look at and say, we know how to do these deals, if it pencils out, we'd be interested? Or is it sort of the other way, where we've already done a big deal and we'd rather just focus on what we have and maybe take advantage of some lapses? Just want to get your sense as you're now the CEO.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Suneet, I'll start with -- obviously, I was involved in our strategy around M&A, pretty integral as forward. So I don't think you would expect any significant changes there. What I would say is we are inquisitive about M&A opportunities across all of our businesses. And if we did them, they would be focused around the growth areas that we really talked about at Investor Day. Yes, the allocation within our total capital allocation, that 0 to 10 is small. The other thing you have to marry that with is we have a very low leverage ratio. And so if something did come across that met all of our 3 thresholds, which is cultural fit, financial fit and strategic fit, we have the capabilities to lean into that if it made sense. But I'd also say the bar is high as we think about M&A and how they fit into our overall growth platform going forward. I will kind of come back to where I started, is if you look at our financial targets, we don't need M&A activity to reach those. We feel our organic growth engines can deliver on those results. And ultimately, we'll continue to be disciplined, but obviously inquisitive about additions that would make sense.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then just real quick for Chris. Any thoughts around these in-plan annuity products for target date funds that a lot of asset managers are rolling out?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Suneet. So we think they're promising. I think as I've mentioned probably on prior quarters, I think the opportunity to package them in some sort of target date fund or a managed account solution, probably the best solution to increase penetration. So we're sitting on the shelf. So more and more planned sponsors are open to having it as an option in the plan lineup, we're still just not seeing a tremendous amount of participant deposits and utilization yet. But I do think that will change as people start understanding it and as those designs improve and change and enhance over the next little bit. So a lot of activity. I think you'll see a lot of activity from us and others over the course of the next year or 2 in this space. And I do think if you think about sort of that last frontier to address, it's really how do you convert the savings that Americans have accumulated in their 401(k) plan into that guaranteed retirement income for them that they won't outlive. And so I do think that there's some real promise here, but it's still early days in terms of utilization.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Suneet, for your questions.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Ms. Strable, your closing comments, please.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thank you. As we close today's call, I want to reiterate that 2024 was a strong year, capped off by a very strong quarter. We delivered on all of our enterprise objectives, and we're well positioned to continue this success in 2025. Our ability to access and grow in the most attractive parts of the market, combined with our disciplined approach to everything we do, positions us well for the future. We remain focused on executing the strategy that we laid out at Investor Day, and those priorities guide our decisions every day as we navigate this evolving landscape. Thank you for your time today, for your questions and your continued support of Principal. We look forward to connecting with many of you in the near future. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and President and COO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open the call for questions. Other members of senior management will also be available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss key milestones and highlights from the third quarter, as we execute our strategy with discipline and focus. Deanna will follow with additional details on our results, capital position and the outcome of our actuarial assumption review. It continues to be a strong year for Principal as we delivered favorable results for our customers and shareholders, consistent with the commitments outlined in our 2024 outlook, and reiterated last quarter. Starting with the third quarter, we reported $412 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.76 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances and our actuarial assumption review, our EPS was $2.05, a 12% increase in EPS over third quarter of 2023. The earnings growth on a year-over-year basis was fueled by a 5% increase in net revenue. This was primarily due to growth in the businesses and favorable market conditions compared to the previous year. Earnings also benefited from strong expense management while reinvesting in our businesses. We returned $416 million of capital to shareholders in the third quarter, including $251 million of share repurchases. We raised our common stock dividend for the sixth consecutive quarter, aligning with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. At the end of the quarter, our total company managed AUM reached $741 billion, reflecting a 6% growth from the previous quarter. This increase was mainly driven by robust returns and positive market performance across equity, fixed income and real estate. Lastly, our net cash flow for total company AUM showed improvement, both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Now turning to our businesses. In Retirement, we are generating revenue and earnings growth above the high end of our guidance. This momentum is driven by favorable market conditions and the breadth and depth of our integrated suite of retirement solutions, which span recordkeeping, asset management and retirement income. In addition, the underlying fundamentals across the retirement remain healthy. Recurring deposits increased by 10% year-over-year across all segments. The number of individuals deferring and receiving employer matches as well as the dollar amount of those deferrals and matches continues to grow. Contract retention remained strong with lapse rates running lower than a year ago. We are on track to achieve our best full year retention rates over the past 5 years. We are also benefiting from market performance, which drove account value growth in the quarter. While rising markets are a benefit to our business financially, the increased account values also resulted in a corresponding increase in the dollar amount of participant withdrawals. With respect to new retirement plan sales, we see a lot of momentum in our business, with our pipeline up significantly across all segments, positioning us well for continued growth in 2025. As further evidence of our momentum, we recently received the second most mentions as a top record keeper from advisers in the 2024 NAPA Advisors' Choice Awards. This is a testament to the high-quality retirement services and solutions we offer to the market. Pension risk transfer sales were nearly $500 million in the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date sales to $2.2 billion at attractive returns. We remain on track to achieve our target of $3 billion in full year sales. Turning to Principal Asset Management, strong net cash flows in Principal International were offset by outflows in PGI. The outflows in PGI were driven in part by lower fee and yield products as well as the rebalancing activities taken by institutional clients, following strong appreciation. Our private real estate strategies generated approximately $400 million of positive net cash flow in the quarter, the 12th consecutive quarter of positive flows. Our unfunded commitments remained strong at approximately $5 billion as we continue to put money to work. We are also generating good underlying momentum with global retail and institutional investors, given the strong ongoing demand for our product offering and specialty capabilities. We are seeing notable increases in institutional RFP activities across equity, fixed income and private assets. The year-to-date volume has already exceeded full year volumes in 2023 and 2022. This increased activity is driven by broad interest in equity and fixed income strategies and very strong interest and commitments for our real estate data center fund. Lower interest rates and improving liquidity are leading to more conversations, meetings and searches for our broad range of public and private investment capabilities. These interactions are expected to drive continued business momentum over the next several quarters. Principal International ended the quarter with a record $185 billion of AUM, up 8% from the second quarter. This was driven by robust net cash flows, favorable market performance and FX tailwinds. Positive net cash flows of $2.3 billion were driven by $2.1 billion of investment management flows. These were spurred by institutional mandate wins from new clients in Chile, Mexico and Southeast Asia. These flows and current quarter results highlight the success we are having and going to market as a global asset manager across our integrated international franchise and the strong client interest in our local and global investment capabilities. While not included in reported AUM and net cash flow, our combined AUM in China was $268 billion. Asset management inflows in the quarter exceeded $18 billion, reflecting the recovering macro environment in the region. Turning now to Benefits and Protection. We continue to generate above-market premium and fee growth of over 6% in Specialty Benefits. More than half of our growth is driven by net new business, highlighting our leadership position in the small to midsized market. Our focus remains on high growth, high persistency industries, and we continue to deepen relationships with key distribution partners and customers. The average number of coverages per customer grew 3.5% to over 3 coverages per customer on a trailing 12-month basis. I'm excited about the opportunities across Principal. We remain well positioned to capitalize on the immense opportunities that exist in the markets in which we do business today. Our diversified debt integrated portfolio allows us to manage through dynamic macro conditions, while evolving to meet changing customer demands. We are locked in on driving growth, which will continue to come from aligning our businesses with the higher value creation opportunities and maximizing the intersection of our businesses. Our unwavering focus is on providing individuals, businesses, communities and markets with access to financial tools, products and guidance. We regularly assess global customer trends and sentiment, and we know the demand for our brand of financial security expertise and support is significant. For example, through our proprietary Global Financial Inclusion Index, we track the state of financial inclusion worldwide. A key finding from this year's study is while financial inclusion has improved globally for the second consecutive year, the perception of feeling financially included has fallen among global consumers. As a financial services leader that tells us there is more work to be done. While I'm encouraged by the increase in access to financial tools and solutions, I can't help but see the opportunity and demand to do more to support, advice and enable the individual to feel more secure in their financial decision-making. Before turning it over to Deanna, I want to acknowledge her promotion in August to President and Chief Operating Officer. Deanna is a remarkable leader with an impeccable track record for the past 35 years, both in our industry and in principal. She has worked internationally, led our U.S. benefits unit, directed our strategy function during pivotal moments in our company's history and most recently, she's done an exemplary job as our Chief Financial Officer. Deanna's diverse roles have given her deep insights in what makes Principal successful and how we can continue to grow. Her passion and intense focus on the customer and creating shareholder value has been instrumental in strengthening our organization. The Board and I have complete confidence in her ability to drive the organization forward today and well into the future. Deanna, congratulations.
Deanna Strable: Thank you, Dan, for all of your support and those kind words. Good morning to everyone on the call. It's truly an honor to step into this new role. Reflecting on my 35 years at Principal, I've seen firsthand how our ability to adapt and innovate has enabled us to consistently deliver value to our customers and shareholders. I'm incredibly proud of this company, the importance of our mission, our strong culture and core values and the way we do business. I'm more confident than ever in our ability to continue growing sustainably, especially as we navigate the evolving needs of the markets we serve. The strength of our team, our commitment to our purpose and the innovative solutions we're building, all give me great confidence in our future. Before I turn to our results, I would like to acknowledge Joel Pitz, who has stepped in as interim Chief Financial Officer during this transition. Joel has been with Principal for nearly 3 decades, and his extensive experience across our domestic, international and corporate functions makes him well suited to step in as interim CFO. Turning to our third quarter results, I'll share key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, including impacts from the actuarial assumption review and an update on our current financial and capital position. Third quarter reported net loss was $220 million, driven by noneconomic impacts from exited businesses. Excluding these impacts, net income was $419 million. Non-GAAP operating ROE in the quarter was 12.9% and 13.5%, excluding actuarial assumption review impacts. We are on track to meet our guidance of 14% to 16% in 2025. Our significant variances for the quarter detailed on Slide 12 include impacts from our actuarial assumption review. These had a net negative impact on non-GAAP operating earnings, but an immaterial impact to free capital flow and run rate earnings. This is the second time we've conducted the review under LDTI, which expanded the actuarial balances subject to assessment. It's important to note that these are primarily noneconomic impacts. The primary drivers of the assumption review impact were model refinements in life and experience updates in RIS benefits and protection largely related to lapse assumptions. As mentioned, the run rate impact on pretax operating earnings is immaterial, with modestly favorable results in RIS and Principal International, offsetting unfavorable results in Benefits and Protection. The remaining significant variance is largely offset. We had favorable [indiscernible] performance and a benefit from reversing the closed block dividend accrual from the first half of the year. These were offset by lower-than-expected variable investment income, primarily driven by negative private equity returns in the quarter. Excluding significant variances, third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $480 million or $2.05 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS increased 12% compared to the third quarter of 2023. This was driven by growth in the business and strong market performance, which was up over 5% in the third quarter and 16% for the trailing 12 months. These were partially offset by foreign currency translation impacts and difficult year-over-year comparisons for PGI performance fees and specialty benefit loss ratio. The effective tax rate in the quarter was at the lower end of our 17% to 20% guidance, with year-to-date at the midpoint of our guidance range. During the quarter, we had onetime severance and integration costs impacting our results by approximately $0.03 per share. These onetime expenses impacted both RIS and Principal International. Similar to previous quarters, we are not considering these as significant variances. We are pleased with our results and remain on track to deliver full year EPS growth aligned with 2024 guidance of 9% to 12%. Turning to the business units. The following comments exclude significant variances. RIS pretax operating earnings increased 12% over the third quarter of 2023, driven by growth in the business, favorable market performance and expense discipline, while investing in the business. Compared to third quarter of 2023, net revenue increased by 9% and margin expanded by 120 basis points to 40%. We remain confident we will be above the high end of our guided range for net revenue growth and at the high end for margin for the full year. PGI's pretax operating earnings decreased 2% over the third quarter of 2023, but increased nearly 17% sequentially. The year ago quarter comparison is impacted by $16 million of higher performance fees in the third quarter of 2023. Management fees increased 6% over the third quarter of 2023, driven by positive market performance, partially offset by lower performance fees and transaction and borrower fees in the current quarter. PGI's margin of 38% in the quarter is at the high end of our range. Principal International had a strong quarter. Pretax operating earnings increased by 8% compared to the third quarter of 2023. This was driven by ongoing business growth in Latin America and a continued recovery in Asia despite currency headwinds of $7 million. The underlying growth and disciplined expense management resulted in margin of nearly 34%, an expansion of 230 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2023. Specialty Benefits pretax operating earnings in the quarter reflected a more normal loss ratio relative to the year ago quarter. The comparison is impacted by very favorable group disability underwriting results, which led to a loss ratio in the third quarter of 2023 below our guided range. The loss ratio this quarter was 61.5%, below the midpoint of our guidance range of 60% to 65%. In Life, improved mortality experience drove an increase in pretax operating earnings of 11% and margin expansion of 135 basis points over the third quarter of 2023. As we look to the fourth quarter, our enterprise compensation and other expenses are typically higher due to the seasonality of certain expenses. Similar to the last few years, we expect the impact in the fourth quarter to be in the low single-digit range relative to the average of the first 3 quarters. Turning to capital and liquidity. As a reminder, last quarter, we revised our RBC target to a range of 375% to 400%. We are in a strong position with approximately $1.6 billion of excess and available capital, including approximately $900 million at the holding company, $400 million excess above 375% RBC and $250 million in our subsidiaries. As shown on Slide 3, we returned $416 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including $251 million of share repurchases and $165 million of common stock dividends. This brings our year-to-date capital return to nearly $1.2 billion. We expect to deliver on our targeted 75% to 85% free capital flow for the full year, and are on track to return $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of capital deployments for the full year, including $800 million to $1.1 billion of share repurchases. Last night, we announced a $0.73 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter. This is a $0.01 increase from the dividend paid in the third quarter, a 9% increase over a year ago quarter and a 10% increase for the full year. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company, and will continue a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Our investment portfolio remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile and well positioned for different economic conditions. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. We had 4 office loans pay off in the quarter, resolving all year-to-date office loans. We feel good about the remaining maturities through the end of the year. In closing, we are pleased with the results this quarter, delivering on the growth objectives communicated in our 2024 outlook and reiterated last quarter. We remain confident in delivering on our financial metrics for the full year anchored to our long-term financial targets. Our strong and diversified portfolio of businesses is positioned across attractive growth markets and features competitive advantages, which give us confidence in our ability to sustainably deliver results for our customers, shareholders and employees today and into the future. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners.
Joel Hurwitz: I wanted to start on Specialty Benefits and top line. So the 6% growth is solid, but below the pace you've been running at in your long-term target. Can you just talk about some of the drivers of the slowdown? Is it competition or along in the small- to medium-sized market or something else?
Daniel Houston: Joel, I appreciate the question. I just -- just at the top here, I would just mention this is an incredibly well-run business. It's got a long history of disciplined underwriting and risk management, early adopter of technology to become more efficient, focuses on the customer. And again, I couldn't be more pleased with Amy's leadership of this business. And again, we feel very good about the current state of affairs. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Thanks, Dan, and Joel, for the question. So I guess I'm going to start with on a year-to-date basis, our growth is at 7.5%. And we do expect that premium and fee growth to stay within those, probably the bottom end of the range that we communicated. In the quarter, as you've noted, that growth was 6.2% above third quarter '23, and it really is due in large part to no new PFML sales. In the third quarter comparison last year, we had a bit of lumpy PFML sales. They were nearly $20 million in the prior year sales quarter. And I would note that there's no new openings, state openings planned for '25, but there are several scheduled for '26. So when we think about this marketplace, it is going to be a little lumpy. And when we think about the competitive environment, the comparisons quarter-over-quarter are going to be a little bit uneven. We do see a pretty competitive environment, probably particularly notable for dental, and we continue to make sure we're introducing pricing changes that align with the experience that we're seeing. I think we're going to see some impact on growth for the remainder of '24. I think one of the hallmarks of our Group Benefits business is, Dan noted before, is that for over a decade, we've had discipline and consistency that has yielded us above market growth and above market profit. So we know that discounting new business can and does have an impact on renewal pricing. It has an impact on our customers. And one of the things we strive to do is make sure we serve that SMB market really well with consistent pricing, consistent renewals so that they can do things like manage cash flow, which is really important. So our products, capabilities and experiences, I feel really good on how we're positioned on growth.
Joel Hurwitz: Got it. That makes sense. And then maybe just sticking on dental experience, can you talk about what you're seeing there? It looks like year-to-date, the loss ratio is elevated. I think Q3 was a bit above what it normally runs us. What are you seeing there? And what are you expecting from a repricing standpoint?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So Id start with  Im really pleased that sequentially, our dental loss ratio was nearly 400 basis points better. So Id start with we kind of communicated that, that is going to go down, and it did, in fact, go down. It was slightly above what I would say our expectations were for this quarter. So its clearly, Dental is an inflationary product. Weve been taking actually measured consistent actions to address our pricing, being conscious of both new sales and renewal pricing implications. Over 90% of our dental block can be repriced annually. So this has been an effective tool for us, but it is always a slightly lagging tool. We have been using that tool, though, over the course of the last 18 months to align our experience. In the last 18 to 24 months, I think its worth noting, weve also continued to invest in AI-based dental claims technologies to assist our claims examiners and improve their claims payment accuracy. So as those begin to come online and they move from more prototypes to kind of online integration for us, I expect that to continue to help the results. My expectation for fourth quarter is the dental loss ratios will continue to decline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I want to start with RIS fee and the participant withdrawals. I know we spent some time last quarter talking about the market impact, so we don't need to revisit that. But I guess the question is, if we think about the participant withdrawals to say something like beginning of period assets, and we track that over time, which we can't do externally. But what would that sort of look like? Is it in line with history or changing in one way or the other?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Suneet, for the question. I'll have Chris take that one.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Suneet, thanks for that. Yes, you noted the impact on market. And certainly, as those markets rise, the average AV is up fairly significantly. If we were to just dial in specifically on participant withdrawals, we definitely see that average AV being up impacting and that market impact is driving about 75% of the overall withdrawals, and the other 25% is a slight uptick in rate. So we're seeing a slight uptick in the rate of withdrawals from older participants. But again, that's probably 25% of the impact. The vast majority of the impact is really coming from the very strong market performance. So when we look at the rest of the flows, I think we feel really good about the other underlying fundamentals of the business. I mean our transfer deposits in SMB were up 11%. We saw a strong recurring deposit growth of 10%. On a same plan, that's also up 10%, if you just look at the plans that were in both quarters. We see very high contract retention in the business. And again, as we've said in prior quarters, we're prioritizing revenue and margin overflows. And when we look at that, our net revenue is up, significantly over the guidance we provided at 9%, and our margin is above the top end in this quarter. So I feel really good overall about the dynamics of our business.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. That makes sense. And then I guess the second follow-up related is -- so when a benefit event occurs in RASV, what percentage of the assets do you sort of retain in other products? And somewhat relatedly, do you have any plans for in-plan annuity offerings in your RIC business?
Christopher Littlefield: Good question. Yes, we absolutely have been investing in capabilities to provide implant advice, both that benefit event and thereafter. I think competitively, people generally don't share the overall amount, but we can capture a significant portion, and I think there's still opportunity and room for us to improve that. We do have in-plan annuity options. As you know, in the industry, those haven't gotten a lot of traction yet, and that the real innovation is building retirement income into sort of a QDIA solution like a target date, and you will see us with those sort of solutions as we head into 2025.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So the only thing I might add to that, again, just to finish off your question, we do have a lot of capabilities of capturing economics within those safe accounts within Principal Bank. We see it in our own annuity operations, and when we do retain assets on the  in the mutual fund platform, which again will show up in our  not in RIS, but its going to show up within the [indiscernible] Principal Asset Management business unit. So there is significant economics that are spread across the organization. And again, the source was the retirement platform. Appreciate the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Question on PGI. So it seems like you are seeing improved momentum on gross inflows, but withdrawals have also been increasing and still leading to net outflows. Can you give some perspective on kind of the end of your play with those 2 things and how you think that may play out as we move forward here?
Daniel Houston: Kamal, please.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Ryan, thank you for your question. So let me start a little bit on your question around net cash flow, and then I'll go deeper into the PGI component of it. First of all, I'd like to highlight this quarter, we are quite pleased. It's a testament to the global diversified operating model. We are building an asset management, particularly how you see the results of our synergies we are putting together between PGI and PI. And you could see that with the excellent results we reported under the PI segment. Just to highlight, we reported record $2.3 billion of positive flows under the PI segment. $2.1 billion of that is investment management flows that are coming from clients that we have typically seen on the PGI side. I would even highlight further for you. If you take that $2.1 billion, almost $1 billion of it has come from new client relationships. These are very high-quality global multinational corporations, who are now doing business with us in LatAm and Asia. So it shows the power of what asset management is putting together in terms of how we operate and generate positive net cash flow as an asset management segment. One of the things you highlighted is how do we feel about the cash flow within PGI. I would highlight the positive favorable NCF trajectory as the year has gone by. If I just looked at the PGI and PI sourced efforts this year, we almost have $950 million of positive NCF that has come from the sold efforts of PGI and NPI. For PGI this quarter, source flows were roughly breakeven in retail, which have improved as the year has gone by. They were positive in our private institutional market efforts. And yes, they were offset by higher outflows in public institutional, and so that's why you see that the results you highlighted. And I would highlight that the investment management flows in institutional can be lumpy in nature, and there is some seasonality in international pension flows, but we are quite pleased with the progress we are seeing in our net cash flow, both the direction and how we are thinking about this as a global business.
Ryan Krueger: Quick follow-up is, do you have any -- can you give us any insight into potential performance fees for PGI that you expect in the fourth quarter?
Kamal Bhatia: Sure, Ryan. I highlight for you what we did this quarter. As you know, our performance fees are primarily driven by real estate transaction. And as we had noted in our outlook, we are expecting lower real estate-related performance fees this year. During the third quarter, we recognized roughly $6 million of performance fee from our real estate transactions. This brings the year-to-date up to $7 million, as I said, the first half was almost de minimis. So we have seen an uptick in that. In a normal year, we would typically see $30 million to $35 million of gross performance fee, which can obviously significantly vary. And as you know, this is a longer and different real estate cycle. So that has historically been the norm. We do expect 25 to improve but not ramp up very quickly, given the nature of this cycle. One of the things I would highlight for you on performance fee is our  the business we started building in private credit is slowly ramping up. And over longer term, in addition to real estate, you will see the tremendous power that would create on the performance fee side. Obviously, these things our long-term investing projects, and they will show up in time, but that would be the other piece I would highlight for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Stanley.
John Barnidge: Congrats on the new role, Deanna. Questions around your comments on a slight uptick in the rate of withdrawal among older cohorts. With the baby boomer generation more and more entering peak retirement years, do you expect that rate of withdrawal uptick to have a more meaningful impact or increase?
Christopher Littlefield: John, thanks for the question. I think it's hard to project that. What I would say is it's a slight uptick year-over-year, but it was actually down sequentially, slightly. So we don't expect to see sort of big changes in it. But obviously, to the extent you have very large account values, small ticks can impact those withdrawal rates pretty significantly. So we're not seeing like this very significant increase in the participant withdrawal rate, but -- and we are seeing it bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter.
John Barnidge: And then the question on the severance. I think you said it was $0.03 was in RIS and PI. Another fee-based company had severance in the quarter, and it's continuing for a number of quarters. Do you have any plans for additional severance that will not be called out as a significant variance in near [indiscernible]?
Daniel Houston: Yes. I dont see that on the horizon. We  again, we align our expenses with the revenues that were able to draw down upon. And I would say each one of the businesses and the support areas are constantly looking at opportunities to be more efficient, but I dont see on the foreseeable horizon to any sort of large severance adjustments that wed be making.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James.
Wilma Burdis: Congrats to Deanna. Principal International performance was favorable in the quarter. Could you just discuss the drivers, and is it sustainable? And I think especially on a constant currency basis, it was upgrade [indiscernible].
Daniel Houston: Yes. So -- and I'll let Joel take that. But I just want to just recognize Thomas Chung and Pablo Springer. Pablo's new within the last year, the organization really dug into Latin America and making adjustments, and we're seeing traction in our Brazilian, Chilean and Mexican operations, and couldn't be more proud of what he's doing. And then secondly, and you heard the numbers as it related to China and some of the other actions in Southeast Asia, there's some unfreezing, if you will, of a pretty challenging macro environment there. But I'll have Joel add to that.
Joel Pitz : Yes. Wilma, thanks for the question. Very strong quarter for Principal International. Record operating earnings of $121 million, record assets under management, $185 million, up 8% from just a quarter ago, and the highest net cash flows at $2.3 billion since the first quarter of 2018. So with those results, we're very confident in our ability to deliver on the 2024 outlook, which is a reminder for revenues with low single-digit growth. If you look over the trailing 12-month period, our reported growth is 6% and as you mentioned, a strong constant currency result of 5% year-over-year. And the margins front, what we committed to coming into the year was a 30% to 34% guidance, and we actually delivered a 50 basis point improvement year-over-year at 32% comfortably within that margin on a trailing 12-month basis. Again, adjusting for those items from significant variances that you saw within the slides on Page 12 and 13, we did have a good solid 8% year-over-year increase despite $7 million of FX headwinds. So we continue to see strong underlying fundamentals in our businesses that we expect to lead to solid earnings growth and positive, although tempered from the strong third quarter net cash flows in the fourth quarter of '24.
Wilma Burdis: And then can you talk a little bit more about the capital generation outlook for the remainder of the year and also into 2025?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ill take that, Wilma. Thank you, and thank you for the congratulations as well. Im really looking forward to the new role. I think as we came into the year, we committed to our 75% to 85%, and we recognize that, that tends to ramp up throughout the year. So Ill start with that we were very proud with our free cash flow generation in the third quarter, and we remain confident in our full year targeted free cash flow as well. And as we go into 2025, well give more specifics on that and outlook, but I still feel really good about remaining in that target. If you look at it for the quarter, our excess and available capital remained relatively stable with last quarter despite a very strong capital return of $416 million. And so that generates an implied free cash flow actually above our targeted range. And we still feel confident that fourth quarter will have a strong free cash flow component as well, bringing the full year to that 75% to 85% target.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Deanna, just first question on earnings, the $0.03 of elevated severance in RIS and PI. Should we -- on a normalized trendable basis, should we be thinking about adding the $0.03 back to the 2 0 5 starting with 2 0 8 as kind of a baseline heading into Q4? Or would you offer any other adjustments to thinking about run rate?
Deanna Strable: Yes. What I would say is I think 2 0 5 is a good one to jump off of. Obviously, in the quarter, we had some pluses and minuses. Obviously, corporate had a very strong earnings quarter. Our tax rate was a little bit lower than expected. And as you mentioned, we had severance that we did not identify. And so I think net-net, 2 0 5 is a good one to think about. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do have seasonality of expenses in the fourth quarter. I expect those to be similar to what we saw the last couple of years. So think of that as low to low single-digit increase relative to the average of the first 3 quarters. But on the flip side, we also expect that the underwriting results in Specialty Benefits will improve in the fourth quarter as well. So I think net-net 2 0 5, I think ultimately, when you put some of the puts and takes in the quarter, I feel that's a good run rate for the quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then listening to what some of the alternative managers are saying about the real estate market, there sounds like there's a lot more optimism that commercial real estate has bottomed and is maybe starting to improve. And I know that's pretty important for you guys, both in flows and alternative returns. Any thoughts on if you agree with that, and if you would expect to see improvement in transaction levels because I think that will determine and drive some levers on earnings, both on alternative returns and even transactional fees in PGI. But just curious on that general theme, what you think?
Daniel Houston: Yes, Tom, really appreciate that question, and we convene our investment committee every week, and we get into the details of each of the asset classes. And as you might expect, real estate gets a lot of our attention. And ironically enough, we just had this discussion yesterday. And again, credit goes to the real estate team for having wean themselves off a big exposure to office years and years ago. It wasn't a new phenomenon. The portfolio was incredibly diverse by property type, by geography. And again, we would agree with the sentiment that you described, which is there's a recovery going on. And it's an incredibly resilient asset class. It's amazing to me how they repositions itself, and a lot of these properties are reconfigured to do something different, and there's still a lot of building going on. But I'll go to the expert here and have Kamal make some additional comments on real estate specifically.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thank you, Dan. Good morning, Tom. So I think you had a 2-part question. One was just how do we see the sentiment in real estate, given the indicators youve heard from others? And then second piece related to transactions. So Ill take both in order. I would agree with the improving sentiment. We do see a little bit more of the bottoming out of the valuations in real estate. Just to give you an example, this quarter, we printed the first gross positive portfolio total return in our core real estate fund, which has brought diversified exposure to all real estate, obviously, including office as well. And this is the first one we have seen through this market cycle. So obviously, these things take a while to bottom out before they go upward, but certainly, that first positive print is a good sign for us. And well be monitoring that trend more closely. Its quite interesting to see, when you look at the performance of office REITs, as you know, we are a fairly large manager in REITs as well, and we monitor that sector closely. Its almost up 66% from its bottom in October of 23. So clearly, the public markets are anticipating this turn. On  going back to your transaction question, I would say, first, the impact of rates on transactional activity and money flow has been slightly slower than we would have anticipated. Right now, there are a lot of crosscurrents in the marketplace, some due to inconsistent economic data that we, not just us, but you see in the macroeconomic world. Theres elements of elections and geopolitics. Theres also demographic shifts that are happening, which makes this cycle somewhat unusual compared to prior cycles. So when we look particularly in real estate, core and construction deal flow remains below historical norms, while most activity right now is in more bridge-type short-term financing to extend maturing loans. So there is transactional activity, but it is not of the long-term nature. So what I would say is we continue to monitor it probably a longer cycle as you try to go related to transactional fees. And then obviously, there is a little bit more clearing you need to see in the multifamily commercial real estate sector as well, which we are quite active in. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Carmichael with Autonomous Research.
Wes Carmichael: My first question was on the Life Insurance segment. I think with the assumption review, there's a small impact to ongoing GAAP earnings. And I think for that segment in particular, I think the operating margin has been trending a little bit below your guide of the 13% to 15%. So just wondering if we should think about that kind of continuing to be a little bit below that range as we look forward?
Daniel Houston: Yes, I'll have Amy take that. Thanks, Wes.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So we appreciate the question. And if some of this does get into the AAR, we can pull Joel in and help with any clarification on that. But what I would say is that, that trend, that amount that you're seeing right there at about $33 million sits in a pretty good range in terms of how I think of run rate. Of course, we're going to have claims volatility. We think of that in the range of plus or minus $5 million. The point I would clarify on here though is the results that we're posting actually include any of those ongoing impacts. So those are embedded within the results that we put in there for third quarter on the AAR, any impacts on run rate.
Wes Carmichael: Got it. And then just maybe my follow-up. On VII, I know it's a little bit early, Deanna, but is there any kind of look towards the fourth quarter? I guess it kind of follows maybe Tom's question a little bit on transactional activity, but should we expect variable investment income to be below long-term expectations going forward?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Wes, Ill give a little bit of color on the quarter and then talk about kind of expectations for the future, which obviously will refine as we go into outlook in February. We have given you kind of an outline of the basket of assets that comprise our variable investment income, some of which we have more direct line of sight than others. We did continue to see pressure in the third quarter with some mixed drivers than what weve seen from previous quarters. On the plus side, we did see slight outperformance from real estate really driven by a transaction in the quarter. We also saw very strong totally equity returns in the quarter that run through the corporate segment, but that was more than offset by negative returns from our private equity portfolio and continued minimal prepayments. Regarding private equity, this is a smaller percent of our portfolio, but I think the returns that we saw are very similar to what our peers have signaled, and was the driver of the pressure in the quarter. So hopefully, that makes you understand what happened this quarter. If I think the fourth quarter in 2025, I think theres some moving parts that may come into that, partially driven by the trajectory of interest rates. And if we see prepayments come back to normal levels, I think as I think of the end of 24 and 25, I still think well see some pressure in variable investment income. But if I think of fourth quarter, we could have some moving pieces where I dont foresee a real estate transaction, but Im hopeful that private equity returns come to a more positive light that could offset that a little bit. And so I think net-net, we have seen improvement in variable investment income in 2024 relative to what we saw in 2023. And well  I think well continue to see that ramp up to run rate, but we might continue to see some pressure over the next few quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question just on the PRT side of things, it sounds like you guys expect rate to come in at the high end of your higher guide, like, $3 billion for the year. Does anything kind of new there that you're seeing activity either in the Q3 expectations for the balance of the year? And also just kind of some initial thoughts on 2025?
Daniel Houston: Yes, I'll have Chris take that. We're -- again, it's been a very opportunistic business for us, and the environment has been very favorable, and Chris and his team have done a good job taking advantage of it.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question, Elyse. Yes, I mean, we saw a nice third quarter, and we maintained our pricing discipline through the third quarter through a very competitive quarter. We expect to see a pretty robust fourth quarter, and so we feel very confident in being able to deliver the $3 billion at attractive returns. Again, as we think about our PRT business, we're constantly balancing the growth versus returns, and making sure that we're getting an appropriate return on the capital we're investing in our PRT business. So we're taking that view toward it. With respect to '25, it's still too early the markets. I mean, the pension funds are still through 9 30, 170% funded according to Mercer. So we continue to see nice opportunities for us on a go-forward basis into 2025, and we'll look to grow that, what we do in '25 over '24, but a little bit too early to give a number at this point.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question, just any additional color that you can just give on the RIS decompression that you've seen so far this year, just an update on just the drivers and just the outlook there?
Daniel Houston: Yes, Chris, please.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. I think with respect to fee rate, the one thing I want to start by saying is probably to make sure that we understand that when we think about our retirement business, theres both fee and spread revenue tied to our retirement business. Its not just fully fee. So when we think about the GA product that we sell through our retirement plans, our co-manufactured solutions, those are driving spread revenues too, thats showing up not in fee. And with rising markets, its a similar story with respect to fee revenue rate as it is with AV net cash flow. The rise  the significant rise in markets, pressures, fee revenue rate because the denominator is more sensitive to those returns than the numerator in the calculation. So all that being said, what Id say about fee revenue rate is were were down about 2 bps versus a year ago and about 2 bps in the trailing 12-month compare. And we believe the trailing 12-month compare is the best way to look at fee revenue rate, given the flection that can occur from quarter-to-quarter. And despite all that noise, when we look at sort of the market performance, when we talked historically on our guidance, weve sort of said 2 to 3 bps of compression can be expected in normal markets. These are well above normal markets, and we actually think that those stronger equity markets are pressuring fee revenue rate another 0.5 bp to 1 bp, just given the strong performance. But take all that into account, we think when we get to the end of the year on a trailing 12-month basis, well be within our guidance of the 2 to 3 compression for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Josh Shanker: Yes, I wanted to talk a little bit about the assumption review. I guess 2/3 of the charge, particularly in the Life business was related to refinements in, I guess being better at analyzing the data. Does that mean that going forward, there should be less volatility in the assumption reviews? And can you talk about what those refinements are, so we're more comfortable with the changes?
Daniel Houston: Yes. And I'll have Joel take that. And just another one of those reminders, and Joel already mentioned earlier, this post-LDTI environment is going to create a little bit more noise, a little more volatility, but I'll have Joel take this one.
Joel Pitz : Yes. Josh, thanks for the question. I promise I'll get to your specific question. The Humphrey and team have fielded several questions on our annual assumption review this quarter. So we'd like to take a step back and provide a holistic response. Given how long we and the industry prepared for last year's implementation of LDTI, it's actually hard to believe it's only the second annual assumption under the new guidance. But as a reminder, and as Dan said, balance is subject to assumption review are much larger under LDTI. For PFG, the balance is subject to review are now $35 billion or 7x larger than pre-LDTI levels. As such, a slight change in assumption can result in a relevant onetime impact. The $82 million onetime impact for all of PFG, you were referenced in the life piece, but all of PFG was $82 million. That equates to 0.2% of our actuarial balances, and largely offsets the positive pretax impact of a year ago. Importantly, the impact of this quarter's assumption review was GAAP-only, noncash and had an immaterial impact of free capital flow. As Deanna noted in her remarks earlier, the run rate impact was immaterial, with slight positive in RIS and PI at less than $0.01 a share per quarter, a slight decrease in SBD and Life, also less than $0.01 a share per quarter. These run rate impacts are reflected in our 3Q results. So everything else being equal, serve as a good run rate going forward. So double-clicking on your specific question, as you said, 2/3 does come from experience. It's relatively equal among the following 3. There's lapse experience in the VA business within RIS. There's lapse experience in Life and then claim termination and incident rates in the individual disability business which largely offsets the benefit from a year ago. And then the remaining 1/3 of that onetime impact comes from the model refinements you talked about. So let me address that specific question. It relates to YRT modeling enhancements. We have improved the granularity is modeling and refinement as a product of our more sophisticated modeling capabilities at the treaty level. Our expected cost of YRT has not changed, but rather, we have refined the pattern by which the cost is amortized. That is why this refinement has no economic or stat impact but our expectation of YRT cost remains intact. So as it relates to volatility, we can't guarantee there won't be volatility in the future when you deal with balances of that magnitude, but we feel really good about our assumption setting process and feel really good about the enhancements we've made as we prepare the organization for complying with LDTI. I'm very proud of the work that was done in the finance community, we not only complied with LDTI, but we also modernize our systems to gain better insights that we're going to benefit from greatly going forward. So Josh, I hope that helps.
Josh Shanker: It does -- then there was also the issue of lapsation, and Humphrey did talk to me about this, but I'm still trying to understand it. There were some term life contracts we're not lapsing as quickly as anticipated, and there was a change there. But I think about my own term product and I don't think that -- I hope not, but I don't think the life insurer is going to have to pay out a claim on that. And I'm only 50 and probably in the next 6, 7 years, my term product will be no longer active, and you will have gotten payments for me for the next 7 years on that. Why does that necessarily create a charge? Isn't that money good business and you would like everybody to serve out the entirety of their term policy?
Joel Pitz : Yes, that's a good point, Josh. That's why sometimes accounting is subject to interpretation, and it doesn't always state the obvious. And so what I'd say with that is that's a very small part of the life model refinement, actually, the life impacts. It's only about 25% relates to the experience and then the change in lapses. But actually, that's a product of the client, as you said, staying around longer, which is a good thing for us, but it does actually result in the impact of increasing liability within the extra assumption review. So again, it's not always intuitive, but it is a situation where this is a product of the customer staying with us longer. In the long run, that's good for us. It's good for our customers, but it does have a maybe an illogical account results in this situation.
Daniel Houston: Amy, anything you'd like to add to that?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. The last thing I would add is, keep in mind, Josh, a lot of the term business we're writing today is with that business market focus. So when we're writing something that's a key person insurance or that's part of a buy-sell agreement and we're using term to do exit planning or succession planning, leaving that in place, as Joel just mentioned, is good for us. So when we get more constancy on that business market product for a term product, we really like the economics and how that helps with our overall strategy. So again, accounting wise, it's a little bit -- it seems a little bit opposite in terms of how we'd have to kind of take that charge. But we like the strategy, and we liked -- I personally like seeing that emerge in our findings for the term business.
Josh Shanker: So to understand the next few years on these counters, you're going to receive the premium income and you're also going to reverse that benefit for like a double, I guess, a double income sort of situation?
Amy Friedrich: We're going to receive the benefit for sure. You hadn't -- I was with you on that. The double benefit, I'm not sure I would...
Josh Shanker: No, I'm going to pay you the premiums for the next few years right? Is that right?
Amy Friedrich: The premium is the positive in that equation. Correct.
Deanna Strable: Josh, I think we can take this off-line. Maybe I can try to help this a little bit. So if you think of a 20-year term policy, and we have underwriting that happens before we write that policy, you're always going to have better assumed mortality early in that 20-year period than later. And so if our historical experience had 80% of those going the whole 20 years and a portion of those lapsing sometimes in the latter half of that -- and now we have a little bit more going towards the whole 20 years, you're just going to see a little bit more claims paid out than what we would had anticipated, which causes that increase in the assumption. Does that make some sense?
Josh Shanker: Yes. All right. Well, I'm sorry I'm going to in the [indiscernible], but I appreciate it.
Daniel Houston: No, Josh, youre good. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our last question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays.
Alex Scott: I wanted to ask you about just sort of your strategy and any initiatives you have going on when I think about flows and just trying to push out towards positive territory. Certainly, there's industry-related things that are going on as you guys have talked about. But what are some of the strategies, and maybe if you could talk about it for PGI and RIS separately?
Daniel Houston: Yes, I can assure you get a lot of attention around here. And I'm glad you broke out the difference in RIS and PGI because those are actually quite different levers between the 2 respected businesses. But let me have Kamal go first and then Chris, but a lot of time and attention on driving profitable growth, and we know that retaining and acquiring new assets is an important component of that.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thank you, Dan. Alex, I'll be succinct here. I think you raised a very good question, which is as a management team, are we strategically are leaning in to improve the quality and the quantity of our net cash flow. And I'll give you a couple of examples. I think Dan in his prepared comments, mentioned how we have seen increased RFP activities. One of the things we are doing is to ensure we have a robust pipeline of these activities. Just, I think, as you heard, our RFP activities are roughly up 12%, and they've exceeded '23 and '22. But what we're also ensuring is we are also engaging on early-stage opportunities so our pipeline remains robust. One of the things that we have observed is, as we have built out our teams, we have seen more RFPs come through our international equity capabilities. Historically, we've had a strong pipeline with real estate and specialty income, and it's our goal to expand the equity capabilities we offer to the marketplace, roughly 40% of the volume in RFPs is going there. The other capability I would highlight, which is getting a lot of attention and will yield long-term results as we are very good in global credit, both on the public and private side. And we are seeing increased interest from many clients globally. I mentioned the synergies we are seeing between PGI and PI, and that's a core part of it. And one of the things that's gotten a lot of attention recently, we have been quietly building a very strong private credit business. We have almost deployed $2.5 billion of capital. And just this year, almost $400 million of positive net cash flow. As you can imagine, the earnings stream on these are long term, and they are at a much higher multiple of revenue than we have seen in the past. I'll turn it over to Chris, but those would be my comments.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Alex. With respect to the retirement business, I mean, I think as we've said in prior quarters, not all flows are created equal, and we are really focused on flows where we can drive profitable revenue growth. And so when we think about the areas we're talking about, we look at the fundamentals of our business, SMB flows are up 11% over a year ago. Our recurring deposits are up 10%. We are looking to drive activity to drive those flows up. And what we're continuing to going to have some pressure on is the lumpiness of large plan sales. You're going to have quarters like last year's third quarter that was very strong from a large market sales. We didn't have that repeat this year. We've talked about the volatile of large. So you're going to see some volatility results there. And then earlier, we talked about participant withdrawals. And the participant draws is going to bounce around. It's got a slight uptick in rate. But a lot of that is really just driven by the strong equity market performance currently. And so again, our focus is prioritizing profitable revenue growth, maintaining strong margins. We're not out to solve sort of this flow problem if it's at low or 0 fee or low profitability or 0 profitability. We're really focused on really value accretion to the shareholders.
Alex Scott: Yes, it does. And just as a quick follow-up, anything we should think about in terms of exposure to Fed funds and silver in terms of like floating rate or any cash sweeps or things like that? Could you help us with just making sure we understand the sensitivity?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ill just take that. I think if you go back to our sensitivities that weve talked about, theres very little impact from interest rates, and that sensitivity to interest rates went down significantly after our transaction with the fixed annuity business. And so again, long term, we like higher rates. But short term, that actually hurts us, both from an earnings perspective because of the impact on fixed income values. Floating rate, net exposure on loading rate is virtually none, so we dont expect any impact there. We do see some impact on the bank and the trust business. But again, I wouldnt expect anything significant relative to drop in rates as we move forward.
Operator: We have reached the end of the Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: So first and foremost, thanks for joining the call today. I know there are a couple of analysts that we did not get to. Ill have Humphrey and his team reach out to make sure that we get any unanswered questions answered. Secondly, observation that, from our perspective, whether its capital deployment, on stock buyback, our dividend policy, our free cash flow, our earnings per share targeted 9% to 12%, we feel very good about where were at and the progress thats been made and feel very confident in the full year. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day on November 18 in New York City. Well focus our discussion on the strategic opportunities in the retirement ecosystem, the SMB marketplace, and the global reach of our asset management business and how we can leverage that for shareholders. So appreciate the time today. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Other members of Senior Management will also be available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events, or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. As a reminder, we are hosting our 2024 Investor Day on Monday, November 18th in New York. We look forward to seeing many of you at this event. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss key milestones and highlights from the second quarter as we continue executing our strategy with discipline and focus to deliver strong results for our customers and shareholders. Deanna will follow with additional details on our results and our capital position. Starting with the results for the second quarter, we reported $386 million of non-GAAP operating earnings, or $1.63 per diluted share, a 7% increase in EPS over the second quarter of 2023. The year-over-year growth in earnings was driven by a 6% increase in net revenue due to business growth and favorable markets compared to a year ago. Having said this, we are in a very bifurcated market environment. While performance of the S&P 500 has been very strong this year, performance has been heavily concentrated in a handful of large technology stocks. Meanwhile, mid-cap, small-cap, and international equities have lagged the market-weighted S&P 500 throughout the first half of 2024 and were mostly negative in the second quarter. This has impacted diversified active asset managers like Principal. Market performance for our total managed AUM was 0.4% in the second quarter and 8% on a trailing 12-month basis. Despite this mixed market performance, we have confidence in the second half of the year and we expect our full year results to be aligned with our 2024 outlook. We returned $415 million of capital to shareholders in the second quarter, including $250 million of share repurchases. We also raised our common stock dividend for the fifth consecutive quarter, aligning with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. We ended the quarter with total company-managed AUM of $699 billion. Foreign currency translation headwinds of $9 billion in the quarter and $20 billion over the last 12 months impacted AUM. Now turning to the businesses. In retirement, we continue to experience positive fundamentals. Recurring deposits increased by more than 7% compared to a year-ago quarter. This was driven by 10% growth in recurring deposits for small and mid-sized businesses as well as strong growth in average participant deferrals and employer matches across the entire block. While year-over-year plan sales have been impacted by fewer large plans in motion, we continue to generate strong growth in transfer deposits, which were up 13% in the quarter. This was again driven by the growth in the SMB market. Contract retention has improved significantly, and is helping to offset elevated participant withdrawals in the second quarter. Withdrawals are higher in the quarter, primarily due to impact of favorable markets on account values along with a slight increase in withdrawal rates. We generated another strong quarter of pension risk transfer sales. With nearly $1 billion in the second quarter, year-to-date sales have surpassed $1.7 billion at attractive returns. Importantly, our defined benefits business continues to be a valuable source of PRT new business, with nearly 25% of our year-to-date contracts coming from existing defined benefit customer relationships. We remain an industry leader in PRT, ranking third in both premium and contracts according to LIMRA's first quarter report. We also strengthened our leadership position in ESOP in the second quarter, announcing the acquisition of Ascensus' employee stock ownership plan business. This acquisition closed on July 1st, solidifying our position as the number one ESOP provider in the US with a 30% market share. We added 800 more employer customers and over 165,000 new ESOP participants. This acquisition is aligned with our focus on small to medium-sized businesses and expands our current ESOP offering, a critical piece of our full suite of workplace retirement offerings. It also adds talent to our workforce and provides greater value and enhanced products and services for our customers. Turning to Principal Asset Management. PGI continues to build on the sales momentum from the first quarter. We are seeing continued strong retail demand for our suite of mutual funds and ETF offerings. On the institutional side, private real estate and specialty fixed-income capabilities remain in demand. We had approximately $500 million of net cash flow into private real estate. This level of net cash flow is consistent with the average over the past six quarters. Despite the second quarter momentum, we reported negative net cash flow of just over $2 billion. The net outflows was driven by a large lower-fee fixed-income redemption from a corporate client, as well as stable value products outflows. We expect the second half of the year to improve, as investors are increasingly looking to move money out of cash and into risk-based assets across both public and private markets. We continue to look for opportunities to invest for our clients and remain optimistic about this growing momentum. During the quarter, we launched the Principal Private Credit Fund, offering exposure to middle-market loans with enhanced yield and return to retail investors. We are also seeing increased institutional interest in the team, resulting in $150 million of sales in the quarter. We also announced the launch of our new private infrastructure debt capability and the hiring of an industry veteran to lead this venture. These actions add to our expertise in public listed infrastructure, real estate debt and alternative credit. Finally, we have enhanced our investment performance disclosure to include both equal-weighted and asset-weighted performance against the Morningstar peer group and composite benchmarks. We continue to be focused on providing strong long-term performance across our investment lineup. Principal International ended the quarter with $171 billion of total reported AUM. Favorable market performance was more than offset by foreign currency headwinds, primarily in Brazil. Net cash flow was slightly positive in the second quarter, with contributions from Southeast Asia and Hong Kong offsetting small outflows in Latin America. As a reminder, flows are strongest in the first and third quarter for Principal International, primarily due to the seasonality of sales in Brazil. We expect to have a strong net cash flow in the second half of the year. In Benefits and Protection, we generated above-market premium and fee growth in specialty benefits. This growth is being driven by record year-to-date sales and strong retention, along with employment and wage growth. Once again, more than half of our growth came from our net new business, demonstrating our competitive advantage and leadership position in the underserved small to mid-sized market. We continue to grow faster than the industry by deepening relationships with key distribution partners and with our customers. To highlight this, the average number of coverages per in-force customer continues to increase and now exceeds three coverage per group benefits customer for the first time. I'm excited about the opportunities across Principal and remain confident our focus on higher-growth markets combined with our integrated product portfolio and important distribution partnerships will continue to create value and drive growth. Before turning it over to Deanna, I'd like to highlight that Principal celebrated its 145th anniversary earlier this month. I'm incredibly proud of the way our company and our 20,000 employees continue to meet the changing needs of approximately 64 million customers. We remain focused on providing access to financial security for more people, businesses and communities around the globe. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, as well as details of our capital position. Second quarter reported net income was $353 million. Excluding exited business, net income was $356 million with minimal credit losses of $25 million. Non-GAAP operating ROE of 13.1% improved by 80 basis points compared to the year ago period. We continue to trend toward our 14% to 16% target. Excluding significant variances, second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $415 million, or $1.76 per diluted share. EPS increased 4% compared to the second quarter of 2023. This was driven by top line growth and improved markets, partially offset by foreign currency translation impacts and a higher effective tax rate. During the quarter, we had one-time expenses, including state tax items and severance costs, impacting our results by approximately $0.09 per share. The one-time expenses impacted both PGI and the Corporate segment. While we are not considering these as significant variances, our second quarter earnings per share growth would have been over 9% compared to the second quarter of 2023, adjusting for these expenses. Foreign exchange rates continue to be a headwind to earnings compared to both the sequential and year ago quarter, as the US dollar strengthened against Latin American currencies. Based on our earnings for the first half of 2024 and our forecast for the remainder of the year, we remain on track to deliver full-year EPS growth on both a reported and adjusted basis aligned with our 2024 guidance of 9% to 12%. This implies strong growth across our businesses in the second half of the year. Turning to the significant variances for the quarter as detailed on Slide 12. These impacted non-GAAP operating earnings by a net negative $38 million pre-tax, $29 million after-tax and approximately $0.13 per diluted share. Significant variances in the quarter include lower variable investment income in RIS and Benefits and Protection, unfavorable encaje performance in Principal International and a small GAAP-only regulatory closed-block dividend adjustment in Life Insurance. Variable investment income improved sequentially on stronger alternative returns. Real estate transactions were muted, and we had no prepayment fees in the quarter. The second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was higher than our guided range. This was primarily due to a decrease in the Iowa corporate tax rate, resulting in a non-cash remeasurement of our deferred tax assets. While this impacted our tax rate in the current quarter, it is a net long-term benefit. For the full year, we still expect to be within the 17% to 20% guided range. Turning to the business units, the following comments exclude significant variances. RIS pre-tax operating earnings increased 10% over the second quarter of 2023, driven by growth in the business, higher net investment income and favorable market performance. Net revenue grew by nearly 8% and margins remained strong and at the high end of our guided range, while we continue to invest in the business to drive future growth. PGI's pre-tax operating earnings increased 2% over the second quarter of 2023. Higher management fees from increasing AUM were partially offset by the impact of recent redemptions, as well as immaterial performance fees. Adjusted margin of approximately 35% is flat relative to the year ago quarter, an increase from a seasonal low in the first quarter. In the quarter, earnings and margins were impacted by approximately $6 million of severance and other one-time expenses. In Principal International, pre-tax operating earnings decreased by 7% compared to the second quarter of 2023. On a constant-currency basis, operating earnings were flat. Strong growth in Latin America was offset by lower earnings from Asia. We are starting to see improvements in the macro climate in Asia. Combined with the continued strong performance in Latin America, we feel very good about a strong second half of the year. Specialty Benefits pre-tax operating earnings increased 11% from the second quarter of 2023. This was driven by continued growth in the business and more favorable underwriting experience. Underwriting results improved by 50 basis points compared to a year ago and highlights the diversification across product lines. Improved results in group life and group disability more than offset the higher dental seasonality. We expect the seasonality to moderate in the second half of the year. In Life Insurance, we negotiated two risk-reducing YRT reinsurance contracts in the quarter for our existing business as well as our transacted ULSG block. These actions locked in guaranteed rates and reduced our overall YRT risk, resulting in an immaterial impact on earnings. Excluding the impact of these YRT related activities, premium fees grew 4% compared to the year ago quarter at the top of our guidance range. This was driven by continued business market strength, where premium fees grew 15% in the quarter. Across the businesses, we remain confident in delivering on our revenue growth and margin guidance for the full year, anchored to our long-term financial targets. Turning to capital and liquidity. After thoughtful evaluation of our capital levels based on our business mix and capital at risk profile, we have revised our RBC target to a range of 375% to 400%. We believe this new target is more suitable for our liability profile and gives us additional flexibility to manage our capital based on external conditions and new business opportunities. We have no immediate plan to lower our RBC level and will operate prudently within this range. Our estimate of second quarter RBC ratio was 405%. Based on this new target, we have approximately $1.6 billion of excess and available capital, including approximately $800 million at the holding company, $450 million excess above 375% RBC, and $300 million in our subsidiaries. As shown on slide three, we returned $415 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including $250 million of share repurchases and $165 million of common stock dividends. This brings our year-to-date capital return to nearly $800 million. We expect to deliver on our targeted 75% to 85% free capital flow for the full year. As discussed on previous calls, due to the timing of capital generation, free capital flow tends to increase throughout the year. We are committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and continue to expect $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of capital deployments for the full year, including $800 million to $1.1 billion of share repurchases. The previously mentioned ESOP acquisition had an immaterial impact to our capital deployment plans. Last night, we announced a $0.72 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, a $0.01 increase from the dividend paid in the second quarter and an 11% increase over the third quarter 2023 dividend. This continues to align with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio and demonstrates our confidence in continued growth and overall performance. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company and will continue a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Our investment portfolio remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile, and well-positioned for a variety of economic conditions. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. Coming into the year, we had $510 million of office loan maturities in 2024. All maturities to date have been paid off or resolved and we have $290 million remaining. The underlying metrics on these loans remain strong, and we continue to work with our borrowers to pay off or refinance the remaining maturities. In closing, we are confident of our ability to deliver on our enterprise 2024 targets. These include a 9% to 12% growth in earnings per share, increasing return on equity, and 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion. We are encouraged by the underlying fundamentals of our businesses and expect growth to accelerate in the second half of the year. We are grounded in our growth drivers of retirement, asset management and benefits and protection and executing on a strategy focused on continuing to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Joel Hurwitz of Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz: Hey, good morning. In retirement, fee revenue looked a little light of what I was expecting and it looks to be on some further fee rate compression. I know last quarter, we discussed the impact of some of the business having non-asset-based fees. But even factoring that in, it looks like there was a bit of an acceleration of the fee rate decline. Anything unusual in the quarter, any other dynamics that I should be thinking about with retirement fee levels?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Good morning, Joel. I appreciate the question. I'll just have Chris go and tee that up for you. Chris?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Joel. I mean, I think, again, I'd start with when we look at our net revenue growth of 8%, we feel really good about where net revenue is coming in for the year. But when we look at fee rate, we were down less than 1 bp sequentially and down about 2 bps on a trailing 12-month basis during a period of significant market outperformance. And we think the trailing 12-month view is the best way to view fee revenue rate, given the fluctuations that occur in between the quarters, whether that's market performance or timing of consulting and other billable services. But if I were to highlight sort of four things, I'd highlight four things with respect to the fee revenue rate. First, as you noted, that fee-based revenue is not all tied to assets. So that average AV, which is the denominator, increases faster than the numerator, particularly when you have significant market outperformance like we've seen over the last couple of quarters. Second, the pattern of market performance matters, and that market decline in April resulted in a notable difference in monthly average AV. So that's another factor I'd highlight. Third, while point to point look at the S&P 500 is a conventional gauge for looking at market performance, as we pointed out in our investor slides, our equity exposure is more diversified and we saw less correlation to the S&P 500. And so, we outlined those specific exposures in fee-based in the investor presentation, excuse me, the investor presentations. And while large cap performed well during the second quarter, small-cap, mid-cap, international, fixed income and real estate were all flat to negative. So we didn't see anything notable. We continue to sort of be confident in our guidance at 2 bps to 3 bps over a full year in normal markets and outperformance in the markets can fluctuate that a bit. And I'd reiterate again with respect to our guidance, we believe that we're going to be at or above our net revenue guidance for the full year and at the top of our margin guidance. So feel really good about our performance.
Daniel Houston: Does that help, Joel?
Joel Hurwitz: Yeah. That was helpful. Thank you. I guess just, Chris, I'll stick with you in retirement. How much of your defined contribution business is now in guaranteed or spread-based products? And I guess, how has that grown in recent years?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. I think you can -- that's actually another factor I actually should have pointed out with respect to the fee revenue rate, Joel. So thank you for the prompt there. We definitely are seeing an increase in the use of guaranteed account product in WSRS. And that's been something that we've been really focused on trying to get a better penetration of. And so, what you're seeing is some of that is coming, the economics are coming out of fee and they're showing up in spread. And so, it is growing. We're definitely seeing an increase in our ability to earn placements of our guaranteed products in WSRS and seeing good success there.
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Joel.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey. Good morning. Your full year guidance and what -- and the EPS for the first half of the year seems to imply a pretty good step-up in EPS in the second half of the year. I was hoping you could touch on some of the key factors that's driving that. I know there's dental seasonality, but what other factors are causing you to take that step-up?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Before I have Deanna answer that question, Ryan, just know that we spent a lot of time looking at the underlying businesses themselves to understand what the growth is and we've got a lot of historical precedents relative to the -- how these tend to mature and to get to where we're at today. And we feel, as I said in my earlier comments, quite confident on our ability to hit that. With that, I'll let Deanna answer that specifically.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. Let me spend a little bit of time sizing kind of that step-up that you referred to and then talk about the drivers that make us feel confident in our full year performance. First, I do acknowledge that there, like you mentioned, appears to be the need for a meaningful increase in our second half results for us to meet guidance. But I also want you to understand that we would not be reconfirming our outlook, if we didn't have the business and financial fundamentals to support it. Second, I want to just make sure we're all thinking of the numbers in the right way. So our 9% to 12% EPS growth refers to our adjusted EPS growth off of the adjusted $6.92 in 2023. And so, if you do the math on that, that would imply an average of slightly over $2 per quarter in the next two quarters to get us within that range compared to the actual average $1.76 per quarter in the first half of the year or $1.80, if you factor out the one-time expenses and taxes in the second quarter that we don't expect to recur. And there are a number of factors that naturally cause our EPS to be higher in the second half. The most meaningful of these is one of those that you just mentioned is the seasonality, but not just in SBD, but also in PGI, that impacts their -- those two segments' performance in the first half of any year. In addition, the natural growth of all of our businesses as well as the reduced share count will also contribute to a second -- a higher EPS as the year progresses. And then I think my last point, which could be helpful and add further support to this is I point you back to the pattern of our EPS in 2023. In that year, we averaged $1.65 in the first half and $1.82 in the second half. So that's a delta of $0.17. And if you adjust that for our share buyback activity, that would add an additional $0.05 to that amount, making a $0.20 increase this year, a continuation of a pattern we've experienced as recently as last year. So hopeful that, that additional detail provides further support to our confidence. And bottom line, as long as macro continues to cooperate, I see a clear path to our full year guidance of 9% to 12%.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Deanna.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, Deanna.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Wesley Carmichael of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Wesley Carmichael: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On PGI and expenses, I know you mentioned there were some severance costs, but it seems like expenses didn't come down quite as much as you're expecting last quarter. So just wondering if you have any color on what drove expenses higher this quarter and how we should think about that for the rest of the year?
Daniel Houston: Wes, good morning. Appreciate the question. And as you might expect, you also have investments in the business that we have to continue to make as we think about how we pivot in part from the publics to the private. So with that, I'll have Kamal add some additional color.
Kamal Bhatia: Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Wes. So I think as you mentioned, this quarter, we did have, as we mentioned in the notes to you that we did have some severance cost of roughly $6 million that was staff-related. But before I go there, I think it's worth reminding that the asset management business is a highly competitive business and we are constantly adapting our investment model. So one of the things we'll continue to do is look at our capabilities and talent where appropriate and adjust it. So to your question, expenses were elevated also with respect to the reinvestments we are making back in the business. In particular, I'll point you to Dan's comments around infrastructure debt. We are particularly focused on making sure we have the capabilities for the future as we adjust our business mix. In addition to that, I think from an OE perspective, you will see there were some market adjustments due to the nature of our AUM, but we remain confident in our expense management capability and we also remain confident in the outlook guidance we gave you to on margin.
Daniel Houston: Do you have a follow-up, Wes?
Wesley Carmichael: Yeah. No, thank you. In pension risk transfer, I guess you guys had $1 billion in sales in the quarter. Last quarter, some competitors were making some comments and mostly related to, I think private equity-related companies, but around lawsuits against plan sponsors kind of chilling volumes in that market. So just wondering what you're seeing in the pipeline, if that still looks pretty robust?
Daniel Houston: Chris, do you want to provide some color on that?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Wes. Yeah, no, we still see the market as pretty robust. I think the market overall is -- industry expectations are $30 billion to $40 billion in PRT for the year, and we don't see that really slowing down. And certainly, we took an opportunity to -- in the second quarter to put on some additional nice PRT business. We're exceeding our targeted returns and getting nice opportunities on PRT. And so, not seeing anything from a macro basis that would suggest that the PRT market is slowing down.
Wesley Carmichael: Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Wes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first, just a question on PGI net flows. I think each of the past few quarters, you've outlined sort of low fee mandates pressuring your flows. I'm just wondering if the business that you've lost, did that become low fee mandate over time or was it such when it came on? And how is your approach to such blocks of business different than when you might have put this business on?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a great question and you certainly have different generations of these investments and they all have a little bit of a unique story, but I'll have Kamal provide some additional detail on the most recent quarter.
Kamal Bhatia: Absolutely. Jimmy, that's a great question. So let me just start with this quarter. And I think your question was both on what the net cash flows look like, but the low fee nature of these net cash flows. So as we highlighted, we had almost a $900 million outflow in a single mandate, a long-duration, fixed-income mandate. To your question, these were always low fee. They did not become low fee over a period of time and they were with us for a while. In addition, I think it is worth highlighting that if you look at our net cash flow and Dan mentioned this, I think our durable sources of net cash flow remain quite strong, in particular, almost $500 million of real estate flows, which are very high revenue and high margin for us. And we also highlighted that as we continue to expand our business mix, $150 million of flows in private credit, which are obviously both high revenue and high margin as well. So, we do feel good about the mix of our business with respect to the assets we are bringing in or in asset classes that have a durable trend and have higher revenue. And unfortunately, the mandates we did lose were in lower revenue mandates. Hopefully, that answers the question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure. And just relatedly, if I look at your performance, it's still good, but not as great as it had been. And the five-year, 10-year track records look better than the most recent years. Is that having any impact on your ability to retain or generate new inflows?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a great question. And obviously, that gets a lot of attention. As a matter of fact, Deanna and I and Kamal and his leaders get together frequently to interrogate the sources of underperformance where they are and had a very robust conversation in the last couple of weeks. It's why we've enhanced the slide deck to provide you with a different perspective on asset-weighted and equal-weighted perspective. But again, I think Kamal and his team have done a really good job of truly understanding where these sources of underperformance are and frankly, how good performance is in many of our strategies. Kamal, do you want to provide some additional insights?
Kamal Bhatia: Absolutely. So Jimmy, first, let me acknowledge investment performance is very important to us. I think as a top-tier investment manager, so I do acknowledge your comments. But I will go further, I think to your question, we haven't really seen a direct correlation to short-term performance on flows, particularly across our business mix. I'll point you to two data points we provided you this quarter. One, we have added to our updates to you asset-weighted values for this quarter because they better reflect where our clients are invested to provide you a complete picture of our business. And if you look at that data which we are providing to you both on peer relative basis and alpha basis, the numbers are quite strong. You could see, in particular, two strategies I would highlight for you, mid-cap strategy, which is a large strategy for us, has top-quartile, short and long-term performance. In addition, hybrid target dates, which is an area of strength for us, has very strong long-term performance. The other thing I would point to you and you'll see this in your charts is almost 80% of our strategies are beating their benchmark, almost 150 basis points of alpha through the most recent period, which is the key decision for our institutional clients. So that gives me comfort that we are producing the investment results that we would keep there. And then lastly, as you know, we continue to be focused on our market position in real estate and our marquee real estate private equity strategy that has beaten their peers -- peer-based benchmark had its first absolute positive net return since 3Q '22. So, I do feel that we are focused on performance, but the data doesn't give me concern at this stage.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Jimmy.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Given you're exceeding targeted returns on the RIS PRT volume and maybe some headwinds to the fee business flows, is this going to be a bigger focus for flows and business growth as you look in the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, and good morning, John. Look, the first thing I would say is we take a very disciplined approach as we think about the overall portfolio of our business between fee spread and risk. And we do that very intentionally for enterprise risk management. Having said that, in the area of PRT, the opportunity set right now, it's very attractive, and the return profiles we really like and we like the liability just that we're seeing. But with that, I'll have Chris add some additional perspective on his outlook for the second half of the year on PRT?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Dan, and thank you, John, for the question. Yeah, I mean, again, we're seeing nice momentum in our PRT business through '23 and the first half of '24 with $1.7 billion of PRT sales through the first half. But we previously guided that we would sort of be in that range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion for the full year. We now believe that we'll pretty much be close to that $3 billion than the midpoint. We'll be at the upper end of the range as long as we can continue to achieve our targeted returns. And so, we do see some opportunities in the second half for us. But as we always do with this business, we really do balance growth with return and focus on the capital that we're investing to make sure we get an appropriate return on that investment. I think as Dan pointed out as well, we're the number three provider in PRT in the industry. So we see a lot of opportunities coming our way and our existing defined benefit capabilities and our complete pension solutions are really a differentiator for us because we are able to provide a full set of solutions for our customers that have defined benefit plans, whether it's record-keeping, actuarial consulting, custody, OCI and asset management. And all of that allows us to really bring those capabilities to bear. When they want to derisk their plans, we're able to take advantage of that and capture that in PRT. So feel really good about PRT and again, expect to be closer to the $3 billion for the full year.
John Barnidge: Thank you for those comments. My follow-up question, given that opportunity with the full suite of products, if I provide those solutions, are you -- as you look at your pipeline, is average transaction size getting larger? Thank you.
Christopher Littlefield: On the PRT side specifically?
John Barnidge: Yeah.
Christopher Littlefield: No, honestly, again -- if you -- John, when you look at our -- one of the things that differentiates us is we do -- we lead in both the number of PRT contracts entered into as well as the amount of premium. And so as Dan pointed out, the existing defined benefit and complete pension solutions is a nice source of opportunities for us. We got about 25% of opportunities from existing defined benefit customers. And so, we really look at still in that small to mid-size of the market. We will go up, if the returns are there, but we actually find more opportunities, better close rates, better returns in the areas where we focus. And the other point of differentiation for us is we have better and more robust onboarding capabilities than many of our competitors where many of our competitors focused on retiring only really large, really highly competitive bid plans that don't require a lot of onboarding, but we focus in a different area of the market that allows us to get attractive economics.
Daniel Houston: And John, just to pile on that, also remember that this is just part of our TRS suite. So a lot of those defined benefit clients, they know us from being a 401(k) client, they know us from being a deferred income, non-qualified deferred compensation client for even ESOP. So there really is a symbiotic relationship across this platform, and we're an obvious provider of the PRT on these defined benefit existing customers.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is just on your use of Bermuda. If you can just provide an update there and just expectations going forward and any capital relief -- incremental capital relief we should be thinking about? And if you guys use that entity for any pension risk transfer deals yet?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, I think Deanna is in a good position to respond to this. And remember, we've got some term life and some PRT business that was there at the time -- some annuity business as a result of our transactions and she can give us an update on how we're going to use it in the future.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Elyse, for that question. As we've discussed previously that our Bermuda entity was created for new business, both term and PRT. But to cede the entity, we seeded it with some in-force business of both of those product lines as well. Our term life new business all year has continued to be reinsured to Bermuda. That just kind of happens naturally. For PRT, that new business is evaluated on a case-by-case basis, as case specifics really matter to determine if Bermuda is optimal from a capital efficiency and operational perspective. None of our first half PRT sales have utilized Bermuda, but we expect to be in a position to leverage Bermuda for some of our sales in the second half of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then maybe just on VII, do you guys have expectations for the back half of the year?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Just a couple of comments on that. I do think if you look at what we have identified as pressured VII relative to prior quarters or even on a TTM basis, we are seeing some improvement in that metric, but we are still seeing pressure in an overall volume of variable investment income. If we look at the improvement and the drivers in the current quarter, the improvement was really driven by the actual return of our alts portfolio, that performed as expected in the quarter, whereas in previous quarters, it had actually returned at a level lower than what we would have expected. But we're continuing to see pressure in really two areas. One is prepays. Obviously, given the current interest rate environment as well as kind of uncertainty on when interest rates are going to start to increase, we virtually had no prepays yet this year or we've actually had prepays, but not fees from prepays relative to that. And then the other place and it is a place where we're a little bit different than our peers is that a more sizable impact of VII is actually real estate and in particular, real estate transactions. And that component has been minimal as we look at where we were at the first two quarters of the year. Obviously, all performance can be pretty volatile. I do think we see a constructive potential increase in the real estate transactions as we look into the second half of the year. But I think real step-change improvement in variable investment income levels will likely necessitate a beginning of the decrease in the interest rate environment and probably more substantial improvement will occur in 2025.
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the questions, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Dan, I wanted to talk about participant withdrawals and 401(k). You mentioned that in your prepared remarks being at an elevated level. One of your peers recently alluded to the impact advisors are having on rollovers. So can you just maybe unpack what you're seeing in terms of participant withdrawals?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. I'll take the part of that, and then throw it over to Chris. But the way I would look at it is, number one, you've got these elevated withdrawals in large part because the market performance has been so good over the last several years. Secondly, as you point out, advisors are very much being opportunistic as it relates to retirees. So a benefit event, job changers and retirees, those with really large average account balances will generally seek outside professional advice for their insights. Oftentimes, it's an existing relationship that they have outside the qualified retirement plans. So I don't think any of us are surprised at that. For a lot of the individuals with lower average account balances, our capabilities within Principal Connection have served to be a really good way for us to provide guidance and advice and our ability to retain many of those dollars. But it's skewed towards the higher average account balances, which is only natural. And I'll see if I didn't take too much of the frosting off of that cupcake, Chris, before I pass it to you.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah, no. No, I think that's pretty much it. No, no, it's perfect. Yeah, and thanks, Suneet. The only thing I'd add is that's an area where we continue to invest and continue to get better in terms of driving improvements in our IRA, earning more IRA rollovers and keeping those assets either in plan or in an IRA with Principal, and we've seen success on that over the last couple of quarters. Specifically with withdrawals though, I just want to make sure I'm clear though, we're only seeing a very slight uptick in rate. So it's much more about market impact on what we're seeing in withdrawals than it is on rate of participant withdrawals. And so, that market inflating account values and when withdrawals are taken, it's just larger amounts being taken. And it's also while it's anecdotal, people tend to retire in up-markets. And so, you would expect to sort of see people maybe taking advantage of high account values at that point in time and taking opportunity. But again, this is much more, I'd call it, more than 75% of the attribution is to market and then a little bit more on the slight increase in rate.
Daniel Houston: Suneet, just really two quick other additional comments. Remember, with Principal Financial Network, our PFN advisors, we benefit directly from their ability to gather these sorts of assets. And then within PGI, I know that we have a lot of these investment products sitting on our distribution partners' platforms that are gathering rollover, IRAs equally. So Principal is participating on a variety of different levels. Our comments coming out of the gate were primarily focused on record-keeping platform. Hopefully, that helps.
Suneet Kamath: It does. And I think there are some things that you guys have that maybe others don't. So that's helpful. My follow-up and it's related is if we think about RIS, you gave us the net revenue growth target, but obviously, that combines to John Barnidge's question, PRT as well as the fee business. So if we were to just look at the defined contribution business at Principal, can you give us a sense of what revenue growth looks like there and maybe how it compares to the industry?
Daniel Houston: Maybe a follow-up unless, you've got that handy, Chris.
Christopher Littlefield: Well, I think what we've done as we've gone through the segment reporting is we don't break down specifically the fee and the spread revenue components. What I would say is we feel good about where we're at. We believe that we're growing at or above the industry average in terms of revenue rate. But yeah, we're sort of looking at all of our retirement business together because that's how we operate and manage and lead that business. So again, if I were to think about sort of dynamics, we sort of pointed out the core strength of Principal in that small to mid-market continues. We're at -- we're ahead of plan with respect to sales and revenue rates on our small to mid-business. Large tends to be a little bit more open arc and so the revenue profile is a little bit different. But in our core markets, if we think about recurring deposits on small to mid-up 10% and small to mid-versus overall at 7%, we think about new business net revenue is up, our pipeline is up. So, we actually feel really good about the overall performance of our fee business.
Daniel Houston: And Suneet, you've heard this as we've been out talking to investors. Principal really has, within the last 18 months, adopted an enterprise strategy in doing that. We think about retirement across the entire organization. We also think about SMB across the organization. So again, we want to make sure we capture those profits and revenues for the enterprise, where we actually capture them in which bucket is less important. So hopefully that helps.
Suneet Kamath: It does. Thanks.
Daniel Houston: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. I had a few questions related to Suneet's line of questioning. The -- can you talk a bit about planned level retention this quarter? I know in some prior quarters where RIS fee flows were weaker, you had talked about losing some large cases. So can you talk about just overall level of planned retention this quarter and whether you had any of those large case losses?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Let's drag on Chris and his team because they've had significant improvement with the full integration of the acquisition and the most recent acquisition on the ESOP side. And we're very excited about our retention in both small, medium and large. Chris?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Tom. Again, we've seen very favorable contract retention at probably all-time positive levels for Principal. So, no significant large losses and very, very strong contract retention across all segments this year. So really good. In addition, customer satisfaction, advisor NPS scores are all trending positive and in a good direction. So, we feel really good about where we sit from contract retention perspective.
Thomas Gallagher: So you feel like you've gotten through the whole pig through the python from the Wells transaction, you don't see a lot of risk to those going forward. Is that fair?
Christopher Littlefield: I think that's fair. I mean, you always are going to have a couple that you're working on, but in terms of overall like a broad-based comment, feel really good about retention. But -- so I do think we're through a lot of that volatility from that integration, Tom.
Thomas Gallagher: Great. And then just my follow-up is, so considering that and just listening to your comments about participant-level retention and outflows, would you say the -- and granted, I think your comments are totally fair, like it's part of this just based on asset levels. When the market goes up a lot, you're -- the same level of participant account value results in a larger redemption. So I totally get that. But having said that, when I look at the $3.5 billion of quarterly outflows this quarter, considering there's very good planned level retention, is that a reasonable sort of glide path to think about going forward here for a while? So obviously, aside from the Q -- seasonally stronger Q1, is that like a decent run rate that we should be thinking about, just given all those dynamics?
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. I think that's a fair question. If we kind of look at the trends that impacted second quarter, whether it's the strong equity market, the volatility of large plan sales as well as slightly elevated participant withdrawals, offset by, again, I want to point out strong deposits, both recurring and transferred as well as strong contract retention. We think those trends will continue and that run rate, we expect to see some pressure in net cash flow through the balance of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Could you all talk a little bit about why you felt comfortable lowering the RBC target at this time? Was the full $500 million of excess capital subs freed up by the change? And do you think that -- I know these are a lot of questions on one, but do you think at some point, you could start to feel comfortable operating at a lower RBC in the near term? And how long would it take to evaluate that? Thanks.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, Wilma, I really appreciate the question. I'll have Deanna respond.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Wilma. There was quite a few different components of that. So I'll try to touch on all of it. So if you just go back to our prepared remarks, I think we talked about the reason for the change. Obviously, a few years ago, we made the strategic decision to exit and reinsure retail fixed annuities and ULSG. That changed our liability profile. It changed our risk profile. And so as a follow-up to that, we have been evaluating what our target RBC level should be. We considered business mix. We considered risk profile. We considered our extensive capital at risk analysis. We also looked at what our competitors target and also had a lot of conversations with our rating agencies and regulators as well. And so, the outcome is what you saw is that we lowered our target RBC level from the previous 400% to a range of 375% to 400%. You mentioned the quantification of that difference. You were a little high. It was really about $360 million is the difference between that 375% and the 400%. We have no plans to immediately lower RBC to that level, and we're going to remain prudent in the current environment, which we expect is going to continue to be volatile and uncertain. And so, you'll likely see us operate in the upper portion of that targeted range for the foreseeable future. But you will see some volatility quarter-to-quarter, primarily driven by just that volume of attractive organic growth opportunities. But again, feel very good overall with our capital levels and also feel really good about being able to continue to return a significant amount of capital back to our shareholders.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And could you help us size or quantify the potential capital benefits from using the Bermuda entity for PRT? And I know you mentioned a little bit earlier how you're thinking about using that, but maybe help us think about how you would think about it over the next 18 months or two years or so. Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Wilma, I probably wouldn't think about it as freeing up a lot of capital. I would think about it more as giving us the ability to go after a slightly higher volume of PRT cases for similar amounts of capital. And so that's how I would term it up and kind of size it. The elevated -- to give you a little bit of color, the outsized PRT volume in the current quarter maybe had 50 million to 70 million of capital usage and maybe that gives you a little bit of an idea relative to that, but I wouldn't expect it to be massive amounts of free-up, but again, the ability to allow us to grow the company, grow our business, take advantage of attractive return opportunities that align with our target markets of retiring SMB.
Daniel Houston: Thank you, Wilma.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. I think you answered mostly sufficiently. I want to go back to Ryan's question about the EPS trend. I have no doubt in your confidence that you're on track for the 9% to 12% growth. But when I look out to 2025, how much of the seasonality factor that you're experiencing in '24 is going to repeat and how much did the seasonality surprise you in '24 that you would not expect to recur in '25?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, Josh, that will be something that we spend a little bit more time thinking about prior to outlook. But one fact that I would say is, if you look at our performance for the first half of the year, we're operating pretty much exactly on top of what we would have expected. And so from that perspective, I don't see anything that would change on kind of that pattern of earnings. But one of the commitments we have is as we go into outlook in early '25, we want to make sure we are more transparent on that level of seasonality that we expect in total, but also for a few of the key businesses like PGI and SBD. Obviously, one wildcard to that I know we continue to talk about is the dental pattern of seasonality. It's continuing to be different than what we experienced pre-COVID. I think we thought it might materialize a little bit different. We were fortunate in the current quarter that any of that elevated seasonality was offset by positive underwriting trends in both life and disability. But I'd say that's probably the one wildcard relative to that, but our commitment to you is to be a little more transparent as we come into the year of 2025.
Daniel Houston: I think when we get to our November 18 Investor Day, we'll also be able to provide additional thoughts and perspective on those business trends into 2025.
Joshua Shanker: So just to be clear that the seasonality wasn't well enough vocalized during the outlook, but things are actually in line with how you'd expect the patterning of earnings with the exclusion of that dental item.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So what I would say, in total, it was not unexpected. I think we were pretty clear about PGI seasonality and SBD seasonality, but we didn't bubble it up to talk about how that impacted overall EPS from a quantification. And again, that's what we'll look to refine as we move into 2025 outlook.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mike Ward of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Ward: Hey, guys. Thank you. I was wondering if you could discuss some of any detail around the resolutions in office maturities so far?
Daniel Houston: Yes, we can actually do that. Deanna, do you want to take it?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. We gave some color on the prepared remarks. We came into the year with about $510 million of maturities and we paid off or resolved everything that have come to bear thus far this year. We have about $290 million remaining. Underlying metrics of those remain strong and we continue to work to bring those to a positive outcome. You may have noticed that our CML losses in the second quarter did have about $23 million of impact. I do want to point out that, that was almost entirely due to reserves increasing with about a $15 million increase in our loan-specific reserve, which is across four properties, and about a $10 million increase in our general reserve. And so again, on a GAAP basis, we have about $170 million of reserves relative to our CML portfolio and still feel really good about the high quality of our overall commercial mortgage loan portfolio and the office portfolio in particular.
Daniel Houston: Hopefully, that helps, Mike.
Michael Ward: Yeah, no, it does. Okay. And then maybe for Kamal just on PGI flows. I know you've gotten a couple of questions on this, but just curious what you're seeing more recently. It seems like there's a Fed cut sort of more likely at least on the horizon. Wondering if that is driving an uptick in clients wanting to put money to work today?
Kamal Bhatia: Yeah, Mike. That's a great question. So I think like many other economists, our own view is we are going to see a rate-cutting cycle start here. But maybe to your question, I'll answer it from two perspectives, how it impacts our current book of business, but also how we see that helping or what we are hearing from clients in terms of engagement. What I would point out to you is, I do think there is increasing conversation now we are having with clients in anticipation on that, on the fixed income side. There is a view that we are fairly sanguine in terms of the economic outlook. And as rate cut cycles begin, historically clients look to longer-duration strategy. And one of the areas we see a lot of interest is in our high-quality, high-yield franchise, which obviously has excellent performance, but that's an area we continue to see more interest. With respect to the equity side, clearly, our REIT franchise, which is a big portion of our business would benefit from that cycle starting, and traditionally equities move faster in anticipation of rate cuts than private equity real estate. So, I wouldn't expect it to be any different this time. When you look at the macro trends in real estate, there is new sources of refinance capital emerging. When you look at the marketplace, you do see increase in CMBS, new issuance, both SASB and conduit deals are improving. And you do see new entrants coming in to do refinancing. So, I generally do think the anticipation of the rate cuts is creating more volume in the marketplace, but also more engagement.
Daniel Houston: Hopefully, that helped you, Mike.
Michael Ward: It does. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Dana. We'll continue to leverage our integrated product portfolio with our distribution partners around the globe. Additionally, we'll focus on our high-growth market and deploy our capital very judiciously as we've discussed today. Lastly, we know the importance of aligning our expenses with our revenues and investing for the future. That is top of mind for us, as you would expect. Thanks for your time today. I hope to see you on the road in the next few months and certainly at Investor Day on November 18th. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer session after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investor.principal.com. 
 Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Other members of senior management will also be available for Q&A. 
 Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan? 
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss key milestones and highlights from the first quarter as we continue to execute our strategy with discipline and focus and deliver strong results for our customers and shareholders. Deanna will follow with additional details on our results and our capital position. 
 The first quarter of 2024 was a good start to the year for Principal. We reported $394 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.65 per diluted share, an 11% increase in EPS over first quarter of 2023. Across the enterprise, we continue to focus on growth while balancing disciplined expense management. Investing for growth and innovation in our businesses and returning excess capital to shareholders. We remain well positioned to deliver on our outlook for 2024 as well as our long-term financial targets. 
 We returned more than $360 million of capital to shareholders in the first quarter, including $200 million of share repurchases. We raised our common stock dividend for the fourth consecutive quarter aligned with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. Strong sales and favorable market performance contributed to total company managed AUM of $709 billion at the end of the quarter. 
 We generated nearly $1.5 billion of positive total company AUM net cash flow after adjusting for the redemption in PGI that we discussed on recent calls. In Principal Asset Management, PGI generated positive institutional net cash flow as private real estate continued to attract investors, and we saw renewed demand for specialty fixed income investments. In addition, general account flows were also strong in the quarter. 
 PGI sales were strong in the first quarter, including a rebound in U.S. mutual fund sales. It was the best quarter for mutual fund sales in 2 years driven by wins across equities and preferred securities. Principal International net cash flow was positive $1 billion, our strongest quarter since 2021, driven by robust sales in Brazil. Principal International ended the quarter with $179 billion of total reported AUM. Favorable market performance and strong net cash flow were more than offset by foreign currency headwinds, primarily in Chile. 
 While persistently high inflation and low unemployment could keep the Fed from cutting rates in the near term, we remain optimistic that investors will continue to move money into longer duration and higher-yielding assets based on our engagements and conversations with customers and distribution partners. 
 Turning to U.S. retirement, RIS generated strong revenue and earnings growth in the first quarter. Margins remained stable and at the high end of our guidance, as we continue to focus on revenue generation while investing for future growth. Importantly, the fundamentals of our retirement business remain healthy with strong contract retention as well as increases in recurring deposits, participant deferrals and employer matches. 
 Total retirement sales grew 6% over the year ago quarter, and the pipeline remains strong. This included more than $750 million of pension risk transfer sales in the first quarter, building on a $2.9 billion of PRT sales in 2023 across 73 contracts. 2023 LIMRA rankings for PRT were recently released and Principal ranked #4 in industry based on premium and #3 for a number of contracts. We are the only PRT provider in the top 5 for both metrics, solidifying our leadership position in this attractive market and supported by our market-leading defined benefit business. 
 We continue to leverage our favorable market position in the retirement industry with a full suite of solutions, and we are optimistic on the momentum we're seeing across our retirement platforms. This week, Department of Labor published its final rule to finding fiduciary investment advice under ERISA and revised related regulatory exemptions. Principal has a history of effectively adapting and responding to regulatory change while continuing to meet customer needs, and we'll do the same with this latest rule. 
 We are analyzing the final rule and what it means to intermediaries we work with, along with our plan sponsors and participants. We are encouraged that the DOL confirmed and protected the importance of financial education within the workplace retirement plans with language affirming that educational support to retirement savers enforces positive savings behaviors. Having said that, we remain concerned it will have an unintended consequence of limiting consumer access to meaningful financial tools and advice on top of creating significant compliance costs for firms. 
 In Benefits and Protection, record sales, along with employment and wage growth, drove an 8% increase in premium net fees and specialty benefits over the first quarter of 2023. More than half of this growth is from net new business, demonstrating our competitive advantage by focusing on the unserved small to midsized business market. We continue to grow faster than the industry by deepening relationships with key distribution partners and with our customers. 
 The life insurance premium and fees for the total block increased 4% over the first quarter of 2023, including a 23% increase in the business market. Our focus on business market and SMBs are driving growth across the enterprise. More than half of our first quarter nonqualified sales were part of a total retirement solutions plan. I'm excited about the opportunities across Principal and remain confident that our focus on higher-growth markets, combined with our integrated product portfolio and important distribution partnerships will continue to create value and drive growth. 
 Before turning it over to Deanna, I'd like to highlight the strong progress we've made against our sustainability goals. We've taken a measured approach to sustainability, ensuring our commitments, such as supporting the growth of diverse small businesses, accelerating the execution of our business strategy. And in recognition of strong corporate governance, Principal is once again named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere recognizing ethical leadership and business practices. This is our 13th time on this list since it was launched in 2006.
 Approaching our 145th anniversary, we've always recognized the importance of keeping our promises while building a track record of progress on issues that matter to our customers, employees, businesses and communities. Building trusted meaningful relationships across all stakeholders continues to be a bedrock for driving growth into the future. Deanna? 
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter as well as details of our capital position. First quarter reported net income was $533 million. Excluding exited business, net income was $376 million with minimal credit losses of $19 million. Excluding significant variances, first quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $419 million or $1.75 per diluted share.
 EPS increased nearly 10% over the first quarter of 2023 and stronger than we expected heading into the quarter. This was aided by top line growth and market outperformance despite pressured foreign currency translation impacts. We're confident in our ability to deliver on our targeted 9% to 12% EPS growth for the full year.
 As detailed on Slide 12, significant variances impacted non-GAAP operating earnings by a net negative $34 million pretax, $25 million after tax and $0.10 per diluted share. Favorable encaje performance was more than offset by impacts from variable investment income and a GAAP-only regulatory closed block dividend adjustment in Life.
 Looking at macroeconomics in the first quarter, while markets were generally favorable across the board, the S&P 500 performed better than mid-cap, small cap and international equities as well as fixed income and alternatives. While the S&P 500 is a conventional gauge for market performance, it is important to note that our equity exposure is more diversified. When you break down the equity portion of PGI AUM, approximately 40% of our exposure is S&P 500, 30% small and mid-cap, 20% international and 10% REITs. Foreign exchange rates were a headwind relative to both the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2023, but remained a tailwind on a trailing 12-month basis.
 Turning to the business units. The following comments exclude significant variances. RIS pretax operating earnings increased 7% over the first quarter of 2023, driven by growth in the business, higher net investment income and favorable market performance. margin remained strong and at the high end of our guided range. PGI tax operating earnings increased 4% over the first quarter of 2023, as the benefit from market performance was partially offset by the impact of recent redemptions as well as lower transaction and borrower fees and immaterial performance fees.
 The expected first quarter seasonality that we discussed on last quarter's call played out as we anticipated. PGI had approximately $25 million of higher deferred compensation and elevated payroll taxes, slightly higher than the impact in the first quarter of 2023. NPI strong performance in Latin America was muted by impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange as well as macroeconomic headwinds in Asia.
 Specialty Benefits pretax operating earnings increased 12% from the first quarter of 2023, driven by growth in the business and more favorable underwriting experience. The underwriting results reflect the seasonal pattern of dental claims, which tend to be higher in the first half of the year.
 In life, pretax operating earnings were impacted by typical first quarter seasonality and some higher nonqualified surrenders, which can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. Across the businesses, we remain confident in delivering on our revenue growth and margin guidance for the full year, anchored to our long-term financial targets.
 Turning to capital and liquidity. We are in a strong position with approximately $1.4 billion of excess and available capital including approximately $1.1 billion at the holding company, which is above our $800 million targeted level and $300 million in our subsidiaries. Our risk-based capital ratio was approximately 400%, in line with our RBC target.
 As shown on Slide 3, we returned more than $360 million to shareholders in the first quarter, including $200 million of share repurchases and $162 million of common stock dividends. We continue to expect to deliver on our targeted 75% to 85% free capital flow for the full year. As discussed on last quarter's call, free capital flow is always the lightest in the first quarter due to timing of capital generation and increases throughout the year.
 We are committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and continue to expect $1.5 million to $1.8 million of capital deployment for the full year, including $800 million to $1.1 billion of share repurchases. The pace of share repurchases will increase throughout the year as free capital flow increases. Last night, we announced a $0.71 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, a $0.02 increase from the dividend paid in the first quarter and an 11% increase over the second quarter 2023 dividend. This is in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio and demonstrates our confidence in continued growth and overall performance.
 Our disciplined capital management strategy is aligned with our commitment to deliver long-term enterprise growth while allowing a significant amount of capital to be returned to shareholders. Based on net income, excluding exited business, we target 15% to 25% to organic capital to support growth in our businesses, 40% to common stock dividends, 35% to 45% to share repurchases and up to 10% to strategic M&A to enhance our capabilities and support organic growth. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company and will continue a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment.
 Our investment portfolio remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile and well positioned for a variety of economic conditions. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. Discussed on our last call, we had one scheduled loan maturity in the first quarter in our office portfolio, and it was paid off in January. The remainder of the office portfolio and the underlying metrics are relatively unchanged from last quarter.
 In closing, I am proud of our first quarter results, demonstrating the power of our higher growth, higher return and more capital-efficient portfolio. We are in a strong financial position and are well positioned to deliver on our enterprise 2024 targets, including 9% to 12% growth in earnings per share, increasing return on equity and 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion.
 We are grounded in our growth drivers of retirement, asset management and benefits and protection and executing on a strategy focused on continuing to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. 
Ryan Krueger: My first question was on PGI flows. And I guess, in particular, can you provide some more color on the conversations you're having and kind of the optimism you discussed in the prepared remarks for continued improvement in allocations to yield products going forward? 
Daniel Houston: Yes. Ryan. Thanks for joining the call. And Kamal  Bhatia is here with us to replace Pat Halter. He's certainly getting well-grounded after having been with us now for 4 years and an industry vet. So with that, I'll ask Kamal to respond directly to you. 
Kamal Bhatia: Ryan, thank you for your question. Thanks, Dan. Ryan, I'll just reiterate something Dan said and give you additional data points that will help you with your question regarding what we see from a sentiment perspective. As you saw, we had a very good flow quarter particularly on the institutional side with real estate and fixed income. And also, as we -- as Dan mentioned, we had our best quarter in mutual fund sales in 2 years.
 So I'll give you 3 data points from a global perspective. The first one is retail. And as you saw, we are seeing encouraging signs of turnaround in retail. More interestingly, retail flows are difficult to predict, but we have a different momentum with our client base right now. We see interest expanding across sophisticated gatekeepers, particularly with our higher revenue fundamental equity strategies. And some of these mandates are significantly higher sized but they will continue to be lumpy. That is the big change in the retail space, unlike a trickle that would come from the advisory base.
 The other data I would point to you is we are seeing early signs with our real estate business. As you know, we have roughly $6 billion of unfunded capital commitments in our institutional real estate strategies which we project to call over the next 18 to 24 months. These are predominantly in closed-end funds and separate accounts. We are seeing early signs of value emerging in that market to call capital but we will have to do so on a selective basis as these opportunities emerge. One of the things I would highlight for you is sellers are finally reconciling to a higher plateau in rates and that's creating a better environment for us as investors in that space.
 And then the last thing to your question on where we see in Global Asset Management, this was a very strong quarter for our international business, particularly in Latin America, and we anticipate positive momentum for the rest of the year, particularly with our Brazil pension business and our Mexico funds business as well.
 So overall, encouraging signs in retail, we continue to see more interest from our institutional client base and our international segment is continuing to scale up. Ryan, does that help? 
Ryan Krueger: Yes, that was great. And then just a follow-up was on the fee rate, down some year-over-year, 28 basis points in the quarter. What are your expectations on the fee rate in PGI going forward? 
Daniel Houston: Yes. At 28 to 29 is where we said it would be and it falls within that range and maybe Kamal any additional comments you'd like to make here? 
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. I'll give you a couple of data points on that, Ryan, as well, maybe 3 data points. As Dan said, we remain comfortable in managing to our 28 to 29 data points. So just with respect to 1Q, market conditions did shift the product mix, which impacted our revenue. As you heard in our comments earlier, if you exclude the previously communicated large outflow at the beginning of 1Q, our flows were positive.
 The other change in the revenue rate for 1Q was based on annual price reviews on our U.S. mutual funds and some of the real estate valuations late in fourth quarter, which also had some additional effect. I would point to the -- moving forward, when I look at the revenue rate, I think the strong institutional real estate flows and fixed income flows. Our fixed income sales are continuing to happen in the high-yield credit space which is a strength of ours, but also in area where generally it is good for management fee rate. And we also are continuing to see retail flows improved, which traditionally go to higher revenue and higher margin products such as equity mutual funds.
 I would also reiterate for you because clients obviously pay keen attention to performance and that drives flows and growth in management fee rate. We had a very, very strong investment performance track record this last quarter. In particular, I would highlight for you the substantial improvement in our multi-asset strategies that drives our future retirement flows. So the shift towards private assets, which we see improving over as the year goes by, should help with the performance rate as well. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. 
Suneet Kamath: Just a question on RIS fee. I guess we're all sort of going on the assumption that we're going to be in a high for longer rate environment. So just curious if that's having any impact on the participant level withdrawals one way or the other? And maybe if you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing at the participant level maybe currently versus prior years? 
Daniel Houston: Chris, please? 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question, Suneet. Yes, on a participant basis, we are seeing a little bit of an uptick in the participant retirement withdrawals. So again, that's going to really be impacted both by the strong equity markets, which actually increases account values and then when they take the withdrawals that has of an impact. So we are seeing some elevated activity in participant withdrawals in the first quarter, and we'll be monitoring those elevated withdrawals through the balance of the year. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then, Chris -- sorry, go ahead. Go ahead. I'm sorry. 
Daniel Houston: I was going to first just make any comments with regards to the higher fees rate environment and how we might see that play its way through in terms of that capture perhaps benefiting that. 
Christopher Littlefield: Well, we definitely are seeing the benefit from higher interest rates in RIS. And certainly, we're getting some benefit as we capture participant accounts on rollover to the extent that we capture those accounts, either an IRA rollover or SAFO, we definitely are seeing some benefit in bank in terms of those higher interest rates as well. So we do see retirement withdrawals. We capture some of those withdrawals on rollover and to the extent they end up within our bank product, we do see some benefit from that as well. Sorry to interrupt, you can go ahead. 
Suneet Kamath: That's actually where I was going to go next. I think, Dan, in the past, you actually used to give us a stat on that, like when you have a benefit event, what percentage of the assets you guys retain? So just curious if there is a stat that you can give us there? And I don't know if you have any sense on how that would compare to sort of the overall industry? 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Suneet, on that one, I think competitors generally don't disclose that. And so we don't disclose that at this point. 
Daniel Houston: Correct me, onetime we used to share that number years ago and a benefit event, there's job changers, the retirees. It's really trying to identify the best prospects for Principal and whether that's retained through partnering with our brokers that brought the business to us or it is on a direct basis, but it's -- again, it is a significant part of our value creation for our participants to be able to give them that choice of benefit event for either purchasing a Principal product or, in many cases, leaving the money in the plan, and that's another area that's sort of hard to measure because we don't know how long that money will stay within the plan. But anyway, it's -- there's a real mix of measurements out there in the industry. Hopefully, that helps. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Wes Carmichael of Autonomous Research. 
Wes Carmichael: I wanted to stick with RIS maybe for a moment, but you mentioned the pipeline remained strong, and you called out PRT is one of those areas. Can you maybe just help us with what the size of that pipeline looks like and what you might be targeting in terms of sales or capital you want to deploy there for the year? 
Daniel Houston: Wes, congratulations on joining Autonomous. I appreciate you being on the call. One other thing I'm just going to add before Chris jumps into the specifics. We just -- actually, we're on the West Coast together, Chris and I and his team with our institutional client counsel and our institution client advisory group and the feedback was really positive. We really are seeing a strong momentum with our customers in terms of them embracing, helping their participants be better educated, very open to providing additional services to those plan sponsors. And frankly, the IRT integration is well behind us at this point in time. And the sentiment was quite positive. Chris, do you want to go ahead and respond directly to the question. 
Christopher Littlefield: Sure. Yes. I think was your question was about PRT and the momentum in PRT and what we expect for the year? I mean, we certainly had a strong start to the year in the first quarter with PRT sales at close to $800 million. We certainly saw that carryover benefit from the fourth quarter. We saw a good fourth quarter momentum, and that carried into the first quarter. And so we continue to take advantage of that and most importantly, we did that above our targeted returns. As we've talked about in the past, we really tried to get the right balance between gross and net bill, growth in our PRT business and overall returns.
 As we look toward the balance of the year, the industry is expecting another strong year in PRT at about $30 billion to $40 billion in total industry sales. We are targeting and we said on the first quarter -- the end of the year call, we're targeting somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion to $3 billion in PRT sales for the full year, and we expect most of that to come a little bit now later in the year as people close out their defined benefit pension liabilities and look at that as they head into '25. So we do generally see a ramp-up in PRT activity in the late third and fourth quarters, and we expect that sort of seasonality of the sales to continue. 
Wes Carmichael: And just on the Department of Labor, I know you're still in early innings of analyzing a very big document. But you mentioned a little bit in terms of increased compliance costs. Is there any way you can help us with sizing that? And what you think the increased expense might be associated with that based on what you know today? 
Daniel Houston: Yes. My guess is that's going to be sorted out over the next 6 to 12 months as we continue to digest this most recent decision on the Department of Labor. It's something I've been involved with all the way back to 2010. One of the pieces of good news that came out of that is the regulation that provides a bit more clarity on guidance and advice in education at the work site, which we find very positive. But I don't think we've got this all sort of out, except to say that it will require more licensing on the part of some of our internal personnel. There's training that will need to take place. And of course, just the appropriate oversight and overseeing these registered reps and staying in compliance and working on matters related to transparency and disclosure.
 So we'll sort it out over the course of the next 6 to 12 months to keep you apprised of how that's impacting our business. Bottom line is it's something we view as manageable and quantifying the cost is not something we've put a figure on yet. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Joel Hurwitz of Dowling. 
Joel Hurwitz: I wanted to start on RIS fee rates. So the fee rate looked to be down around 2 basis points from where it ran in '23. Can you just provide some color on sort of the fee rate compression you saw in the quarter and the expectations moving forward? And then also in terms of the fee business, how much of the business has revenue that's based off of account value versus per participant fee? 
Daniel Houston: Great questions, and I'll just have Chris pick that one up, Joel. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Great. Thank you, Joel, for the question. So we think fee revenue rate performed largely in line with our expectations this quarter. We've previously guided that we expect in the neighborhood of 2 to 3 bps of compression in normal markets.
 The one big couple of factors I'd point out, strong equity markets impact fee revenue rate. And when you think about the proportion that's asset-based versus either per member or transaction or flat fee based, about 80% of that revenue is asset based and around 20% is non-asset based. So as a result, when you see a significant equity market performance, it can impact fee revenue rate as the denominator tends to be more sensitive to equity markets than the numerator.
 In addition, there's fluctuation in fee revenue collection from period to period. And reminder that fourth quarter of last year, the revenue was quite strong due to seasonal demand for some consulting and other billable services. And as a result, because that fee revenue rate fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter, whether it's through the market or seasonality of fees or expenses of fees, it's better to look at it on a long-term basis. And when you look at the trailing 12-month period, the fee revenue rate held steady at about 40 bps. So that's the comment I'd give you on fee rev rate? Did that help Joel? 
Joel Hurwitz: That helps. And then switching gears to Specialty Benefits. So sales were very strong, particularly in group disability. Could you just provide some color on what you saw in terms of the group disability sales? And then in terms of group disability top line overall, I guess, I was sort of surprised though to see it down from where it was in Q4 given the strong sales, anything that drove the sequential decline in group disability premiums and fees? 
Daniel Houston: And I think it's another example of where Principal focuses on that SMB marketplace where we still see growth in a strong, vibrant SMB place in which we do business. So do you want to go ahead and cover that, Amy? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So a couple of questions embedded in there, kind of what's going on, on that line and then let's look at it sort of sequentially. And the answer actually to both of those questions kind of comes back to the same product. So one of the newer products in that group and keep in mind, when we look at group disability, we're going to have long-term disability, short-term disability and that paid family medical leave is going to be on that line.
 One of the things we've seen happen is that markets state-by-state have kind of been opening up with paid family and medical leave products. So we participate in that marketplace. There's markets that we participate in, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Oregon, Colorado, and one of the things you're seeing flowing through those sales results is when you open up a state and when basically you say, we have put a product in front of the state. They've qualified that product. It's an improved private plan carrier and helps meet the state-driven and mandate for meeting that coverage.
 When you're part of that grouping, then those new products all kind of come in at the same time. So those have been a little bit lumpier. What you're seeing in fourth quarter last year for PFML was one of the states that opened up that came in that quarter. And then you're seeing that again in the first quarter. Actually, the one that came in fourth quarter last year on that line item was even a little bit larger than what we saw in first quarter. But it's a good explainer for why that's moving up.
 When I look at short-term disability and long-term disability, those are growing in ways we expect them to grow. So we're seeing more like that 3% to 5%, 3% to 7% growth in some of those products in terms of new sales. Does that help give some color to that? 
Joel Hurwitz: That does. It is very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is coming from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. 
John Barnidge: Maybe if we could stick with that strong specialty benefit sales in the quarter. Can you maybe talk about growth from pricing versus employee count? It seems like there's pretty strong growth outside of just the paid family leave expansion. 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Yes. I talk about that. One of the things that we always keep track of because we want to make sure that what's happened with our growth. And again, we're really pleased with the growth we're seeing. We like the growth rates we're seeing across our specialty benefits line. But one of the things we look at consistently is what's coming from what we would consider net new business versus what's coming from that employment or wage growth and then what's coming from rate actions.
 When we divide that up in this quarter, we're getting about 55% of our premium growth that net new business. So by far, the biggest number in there is that net new business. So that's going to be new business we brought on, minus any of the lapses that happened. 40% is going to be from a combination of employment growth and wage growth. The bigger driver there is still employment growth and then 15% is going to be from rate action. Within that employment growth picture, we are still seeing the smaller market be the driver of that employment growth. Under -- if you're an employer that has under 200 folks, that's been the strongest employment growth that's still happening. That -- what we would consider mid-market, 200 to 500 have seen good growth as well. Our block over 500 lives is the place where that growth in terms of employment growth is really moderating. 
Daniel Houston: Hopefully, that helps John? 
John Barnidge: Yes, it does. It's very helpful. My follow-up question. You have attempt capital allocation to strategic M&A in the presentation. With the change in noncompete laws, how does that impact maybe how you approach recruitment and asset management? 
Daniel Houston: Yes. Great question. And frankly, we don't use a lot of employment agreements here at Principal. I'd like to think the culture that we've built allows us to attract and retain talent for the organization. Within asset management, we're paying competitive fees. We have a lot of flexibility, and we've had frankly not a lot of turnover.
 So in the grand scheme of things, I don't really anticipate that, that's going to alter Principal's ability to attract or retain talent. As it relates to our clients, in terms of opportunity, we know from the studies that go out there, the employee benefits matter, strong retirement plans, health care, specialty benefits. So we actually think it plays with the strength of making sure that the employment environment is healthy and people want to be part of that.
 The other thing, as you very well know, is we're a big player in the nonqualified deferred compensation space, which is another one of those areas where you think about locking in talent and having the proper plan designs. We do a lot of work with employers and designing ways to retain talent. Having said all of that, I'll see if Kamal has anything as it relates to anything within asset management. 
Kamal Bhatia: No. John, just to add on, Dan covered it very well. I think you'll remember that we are one of those firms that continues to get year-over-year the reward for being best places to work in money management. And one of the reasons for that is the culture we have created in our Investment Management or Asset Management division. And 2 of those reasons are obviously the investment culture that really encourages independent thinking and independent growth, which is what the top tier investment talent always looks for. We don't have a top-down view. And our view is you can create an environment where the best investors can do their work without having a big legal structure around it. And so I would just point to that as the additional data point. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. 
Wilma Jackson Burdis: Just talking about the Specialty Benefits loss ratio. It appeared to be a little bit favorable despite the seasonal impact. Could you talk about some of the repricing and should we expect it to continue throughout 2024? 
Daniel Houston: Amy? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So it is looking favorable. What I would say is we continue to reiterate that, that long-term range that we have is -- we're going to be probably towards the lower end of that range. We have definitely seen the market as well as our portfolio do a little bit of repricing. What I would say is, though, that's not been in one consistent direction.
 So some of the things we've had to do with our pricing to realign the experience we are seeing emerging in dental means we did a little bit of that rate increase action, some of the things we were seeing in some of our disability block has meant that we've taken that down. So in sum total, what we see is that we think the rate actions that we're taking, the rate environment, the competitive environment that we're seeing is going to mean we're still going to sit towards that lower end of the range. 
Wilma Jackson Burdis: Okay. And then can you talk a little -- could you talk a little about the -- okay. Can you just talk about some of the competitors at the small end of the PRT market? And just talk about the sourcing of those small PRT deals as well, please? 
Daniel Houston: Chris? 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes. So we certainly, over the last couple of years, have seen a lot of new entrants into the PRT market. I think what distinguishes us and gives us competitive advantage is the fact that we know the defined benefit business extremely well. We've been involved in it. We know that we provide consulting services on it.
 And as a result, when our customers look for solutions to defease that liability, they talk to us and we're able to provide them a solution that allows them to secure a good outcome for them. So if we think about our overall business and the type of business we get, we get about 20% in the first quarter, about 20% of the business came from existing customers, existing customers of Principal. And so we just play in a different part of the market.
 We also, as we talked about in the fourth quarter, have very strong onboarding capabilities that lets us take advantage of times when the PRT market is very favorable because onboarding tends to be a little bit of the pipeline thing that can close the pipeline for others. So we're used to doing lots of different contracts, which also gives us a diversity of the risk and then able to source a lot of them from existing customers of Principal, which, again, really believe gives us a competitive advantage in the PRT space. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question is coming from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. 
Thomas Gallagher: On another earnings call, they mentioned that group life pricing is the widest, I think they've ever seen it, which sounded a bit extreme, but -- and then they were suggesting that they're seeing some aggressive price competition, and they lost business. Just curious what you're seeing specifically in group life. I know your results were pretty good this quarter there from an underwriting perspective. Are you -- would you share that view? And if so, how are you responding to it? 
Daniel Houston: Good to hear from you, Tom. Amy? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So I'll give you my perspective on that. Keep in mind that our portfolio is going to be squarely in that small to mid-sized marketplace. So when we work with smaller or midsized employers, the things that we typically have to do in terms of the maximums we put in, the types of coverage they want maybe on some of their executive populations, the types of standards and what we will do in terms of what is underwritten as a group. We tend to stay closer to sort of a fundamental smaller box.
 So we tend to have amounts that are more standard, the coverages that are a bit more standard, and we don't have to do any -- as many things as we look at getting coverage out there for either some of those kind of executive-type populations. And so what I would say is, yes, I understand the comment in terms of the competitiveness, but in Principal, nearly sole focus in the small to midsize marketplace, we don't have to compete on that.
 We don't have to offer 3- and 4- and 5-year rate guarantees. We offer single, sometimes 2-year rate guarantees. We don't tend to have to compete on some of the maximum, and we don't have to tend to extend beyond our underwriting parameters consistently. So I feel really good about the marketplace we're in. We are seeing rational competition for group life in the marketplace we're in. We rarely write group life alone. We tend to write it with a bundle, meeting the needs of the full employer. So we don't have to get into that competition just based on a single product. It's a bundle, we're in the small market and it's pretty rational in that space. 
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, that's great color. So it sounds like that's really in the larger end of the market, then it's not filtering down to small to mid. Is that fair? 
Amy Friedrich: I have not seen it filter down. Correct. 
Thomas Gallagher: All right. Great. And then, Dan, for my follow-up, just, I guess, Joel asked a question earlier on the fee proportion that's non-asset-based. And Chris, I think you said it was 20%. Just curious for that per participant price business, what has the growth rate actually been? Is this a fee pool that's growing or shrinking and by how much? 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Tom, I would say that has stayed relatively stable in that, call it, anywhere between 17% to 20%. So we're not seeing a big increase. The big increase happened when we integrated the IRT block, which tended to be a larger customer. But we're a little bit more steady state now that we're 5 years beyond that acquisition. So I would say it's staying relatively constant. 
Thomas Gallagher: And relatively constant, but is it actually growing? Like is that having -- is that -- does that look different or very similar to the overall blocks from a net growth or shrinkage perspective organically? 
Christopher Littlefield: It looks pretty similar to the overall block. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: So most of my questions were answered, but maybe on individual life, to what extent were the weak margins this quarter an aberration or seasonality driven versus indicative of the earnings power of that business? 
Daniel Houston: Amy? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes, happy to answer that. I see it more as a one-off, more as an aberration as you're saying, than indicative. We continue to see some seasonality with the business. We build a bit of that seasonality expectation in, especially for kind of that first quarter claims. What I would say is we do expect 2024 earnings to be higher than 2023. And we think the margin results, as we communicated in outlook expectations are going to be just below that lower end of that long-term guidance range. So we're seeing more of an adjusted margin expectation to be in that 13% to 15% range for the bulk of the year for Life. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then Dan, on the DOL rule, it seems like there was a possibility that it could have been negative for you guys, but the carve-out for employers not being considered fiduciaries it seems like somewhat of a positive. I don't know if there -- do you agree with that or not, but then any other things within the rule that are potentially positive or negative for principal based on your initial assessment? 
Daniel Houston: Yes, Jimmy, I appreciate the question. So you're exactly right. One of our primary concerns was our ability to, in the normal course of working with plan participants, providing them with education and guidance and then it wouldn't fall underneath the definition of the fiduciary rule.
 Because if you think about it, so many of those plan participants, in particular, the lower income, smaller account balances, they don't have the financial adviser. They are looking for us to help them and guide them in the right direction. And a lot of these products that are available were chosen from the employer -- and so defaulting to a target date option effectively can really help out a great deal. Before we were even having some limitations on being able to provide guidance on whether or not to take out or providing insights on loans and hardship withdrawal.
 So without question, the ability for us to continue in the normal course of business of providing that participant insights is now affirmed it seems from the initial read on the reg. Likewise, for those individuals who are asking for advice, Principal has had a 25-year history of having that capability inside Principal to help provide the guidance and the advice necessary to have the right products to do so.
 And as I said earlier on that call, there are instances where we're handing that call back off to the original plan -- the adviser who sold the plan originally. End of the day, this is going to be around making sure that we have all the proper rules in place, all of the scripts were necessary and then, of course, maintaining compliance. So I think the bottom line is we'll manage our way through this as we have all the other times that we've had these sort of regulatory opportunities and manage it accordingly. Hopefully, that helps. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Ward of Citi. 
Michael Ward: Maybe for Kamal, and I'm just a little bit curious about private credit. It seems like a pretty solid growth area across the industry has been. Just wondering if you could remind us like how you're participating in that and if that could maybe bolster flows over the near term? 
Kamal Bhatia: Mike, great question. Thank you for asking. I think we started organically a private credit business inside Principal. We are quite proud of the investment results we have generated with that business over the past 3 years. And as you highlighted, it's one of the high-growth areas in asset management.
 I'll give you a couple of observations on the marketplace today. One of the things we personally designed our expertise around was to be to the smaller and middle end of the direct lending space. which gives us an edge, both in terms of generating long-term performance, but also it was less covered by the larger private credit players. As you've observed, the industry has grown bigger and bigger and many of the large private credit operations are only operating at the large end of the marketplace, where I would observe there has been some reduction in pricing in terms of management fees, but also the quality of underwriting has become slightly less stringent. And so we remain focused on the smaller end where we find more alpha, but I'll also observe that from our seat, we have become more risk aware also in that space.
 We are passing on more deals than we have historically because we want to make sure the deals we get into will generate the IRRs we expect. And this comes a little bit from our culture as Principal, our legacy around high-yield credit has been to be much more smarter about risk management through a full market cycle, and that's our approach to private credit. I hope that answers the question, Mike? 
Michael Ward: Yes. No, that's helpful. Maybe for Deanna, I was just wondering on the Bermuda entity, I think that freed up like $200 million in the fourth quarter or last quarter. Assuming you kind of used that for PRT a little bit, maybe some life in 1Q. Just curious if there's any change. Should we think of that as maybe bolstering free cash generation? Or is it just kind of supporting the profile as it stands? 
Daniel Houston: I'm glad you asked the question because you're on the verge of breaking a record of never having a question for the CFO. So I think Deanna is very enthusiastic about this response. 
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks a lot, Mike, for the question. I actually just woke up, and so I can now answer the question. So a couple of things there. As you remember from our last call, we really started that entity to really support new business, both on the term life side as well as PRT. It really is going to allow us to look at more growth opportunities for the same amount of capital usage.
 And so if you actually just think about the first quarter, all of our new business for term was seeded over to the Bermuda entity. PRT is a little bit different in that we evaluate that on a case-by-case basis to understand whether that Bermuda entity is advantageous, and there actually wasn't any of our first quarter sales that utilized Bermuda. But we're still optimistic that we'll continue to be a good move for us as we continue to grow those businesses by doing it in a more capital-efficient way. 
Daniel Houston: Does that help, Mike? 
Michael Ward: Yes. That's great. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Wes Carmichael of Autonomous Research. 
Wes Carmichael: Maybe let's keep Deanna woken up. But on variable investment income, it was softer in the quarter, which I think is probably to be expected with lower real estate transactions, but maybe not quite to the magnitude that it was. So just hoping you could maybe share your perspective in the next couple of quarters and what your expectations are there? 
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Wes, for coming back in. You're correct. We did have some pressured variable investment income in the quarter. Actually, the drivers were a little bit different than what we have seen. If you look at it in total, it was a little bit lower than what we would have seen in the second half of the year, more similar to the first half of '23 but some of the drivers were a little bit different. Again, we continue to see minimal prepays in the quarter. We also saw lower real estate activity in the quarter.
 But the real -- the 2 bigger drivers of the underperformance in the current quarter actually, the majority of that actually came in Principal International, which would be something that we wouldn't anticipate repeating for the rest of the year. Where they do have within their general accounts, some real estate funds, and we took a mark-to-market on that, which caused that $13 million of lower-than-expected variable investment income in the quarter. And then the other place where we did see positive returns but lower than expected within our alts portfolio and in particular, our private equity holdings.
 And so as I look for the rest of the year, as I mentioned, that IP should more normalize we'll likely continue to see pressured prepays. But again, we did lower our actual run rate expectations for prepays as we came into 2024, just understanding the interest rate environment as well as the specifics of our bond portfolio.
 But I think alts is the one that it's just harder to predict, and we will expect some more quarterly volatility relative to that. Just to size it a little bit on alts. In the quarter, we saw about a 5% to 6% annualized return and again, our run rate is more in that 8% to 9% return and PE was even lower but still positive than that 5% to 6%. Hope that helps. 
Wes Carmichael: Yes. Thanks so much. And maybe just a higher-level question. But with higher rates now, I guess one area where the insurance industry or the retirement industry has seen more growth has been in retail annuities. And I know you guys exited the fixed annuity business when you did your [ LSG ] transaction. But curious if there's any consideration of maybe reentering that market especially now with the Bermuda entity. 
Daniel Houston: Chris? 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Wes, thanks for that. We continue to participate in the variable annuity market. And the only other thing I'd point out is in midyear last year, we did launch a registered index-linked annuity product which shows up a little bit more as in our spread based. That is a business that is nicely since its launch, and we've seen nice momentum in that RILA business. If you've been following the annuity trends, you know that the RILA space is the largest growing portion of the RILA market.
 So we do like that product. We think it's a nice product, provides a nice risk profile but that's probably the extent of it. We are not looking to launch new retail fixed annuities. We're focused on the variable annuity and the RILA offerings at this point. 
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please. 
Daniel Houston: Well, we feel good about the start of the year, and we remain laser like focus on delivering our 2024 outlook, including profitable growth, leveraging technology and innovating products. We want to make sure that we are maintaining our disciplined approach to capital deployment, which I discussed earlier. And of course, we always want to be mindful of aligning our expenses with revenues.
 And so with that, I look forward to visiting any follow-up, and I appreciate the support of the company. Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results and 2024 Outlook Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups fourth quarter and fourth year 2023 earnings and 2024 outlook conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Other members of senior management will also be available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. We are planning to host our 2024 Investor Day on Monday, November 18th in New York and look forward to seeing many of you over the coming months. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I will discuss key milestones and highlights from the fourth quarter and full year 2023 as we continue to execute our strategy with discipline and focus, and deliver strong results for our customers and shareholders. Deanna will follow with additional details of our results, the investment portfolio, our capital position, as well as our 2024 outlook. 2023 was a great year for Principal. We delivered on our ambitious outlook for the enterprise despite a wide range of macro issues, including significant geopolitical events and global inflation. These factors resulted in elevated market and interest rate volatility, which impacted investor risk appetite and increased allocations to cash and cash equivalents. Our diversified and integrated business model continued to prove resilient despite these challenges and generated robust fourth quarter and full year results. Starting on slide three, we reported $1.6 billion of full year 2023 non-GAAP operating earnings or $6.55 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, earnings per share increased 6% over 2022, at the top end of our 2023 outlook. Our strong capital position and full year free capital flow enabled us to deliver on our capital deployment strategy. We invested for growth in our businesses and returned more than $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchase and common stock dividends, nearly 90% of net income excluding exited businesses. As shown on slide four, we reported $441 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.83 per diluted share in the fourth quarter. We ended 2023 with $695 billion of total company managed AUM, up over 9% from 2022. While markets were volatile throughout the year, they finished the year strong. Market performance and foreign currency tailwinds more than offset outflows on a full year basis. Adjusting for the large withdrawal as we discussed last quarter, we generated a positive $350 million of PGI institutional net cash flow in the fourth quarter, driven by real estate and fixed income flows. Retail net cash flow for us and the asset management industry remains challenged, as approximately $6 trillion of assets remain in money market funds or cash equivalents. We continue to benefit from diversification of distribution channels among institutional, retail, retirement, private assets and international geographies. Our organic growth rate measured by net cash flow as a percentage of beginning of period assets has proven more resilient than our active management peers over the last 12 months. As interest rates retreat from their peak, we were well positioned with the right strategies as investors began to reallocate back into risk-based assets. The pipeline of committed yet unfunded real estate mandates remains strong, currently over $6 billion that well put to work opportunistically. We continue to grow our in-house capabilities, including Principal alternative credit, our direct lending franchise that recently surpassed $2 billion in borrower commitments since we launched in 2020. We have generated an 11% IRR since inception and the current portfolio yield is 13%, making this a compelling offering for our clients. This is yet another testament of our dedication to providing differentiated investment capabilities to clients across all asset classes. Turning to slide six, investment performance improved significantly across Morningstar rated funds and composites, particularly in our retirement-focused asset allocation strategies. While there have been some quarterly fluctuations, were focused on generating consistently strong long-term performance for our clients. In Principal International, we ended the quarter with a record $180 billion of total reported AUM. The increase was driven by a combination of market performance, foreign exchange tailwinds and over $2 billion of positive cash flows through 2023, evenly split between Latin America and Asia. While the Asia economy continues to face headwinds, we are still confident about the regions long-term potential. We welcomed a new President of Latin America in November, Pablo Sprenger. Pablo joins Principal with more than 20 years of industry experience, most recently as CEO of SURA Investments. His deep knowledge of our markets and the customer segments we serve will be valuable in driving growth across the region. Turning to U.S. Retirement, we generated strong growth in revenue and earnings in the fourth quarter. Our focus on revenue generation and continued expense discipline helped drive the full year margin above the top end of our guidance range, while we continue to invest for future growth. Business fundamentals remain very healthy. We generated a strong growth in transfer deposits over the fourth quarter of 2022, including a 9% increase in fee-based and 36% increase in spread-based transfer deposits. These strong results were driven by growth in the retirement plan sales, as well as robust pension risk transfer sales, which exceeded targeted returns. Total RIS reoccurring deposits increased 12% over the year ago quarter, including a 14% increase in the SMB segment. This growth was primarily driven by an increase in participant deferrals and employer matches in retirement plans. While we were pleased to see plan lapses moderate in the fourth quarter, which is typically an active quarter for plan transitions and lineup changes, participant withdrawals increased over the year ago quarter. All in, we saw significant improvement in account value net cash flow compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. For the full year, RIS sales increased 9% over 2022, driven by a 17% increase in fee-based transfer deposits and nearly $3 billion of pension risk transfer sales. We continue to leverage our favorable market position with a full suite of retirement and workplace solutions, and like the good momentum were seeing in our retirement platforms heading into 2024. In Specialty Benefits, record full year sales, as well as strong retention, employment and wage growth, contributed to a 9% growth in premium and fees over both the fourth quarter of 2022 and full year. Attractive segments within the SMB market remain underpenetrated and we are confident in our ability to serve these customers with a meaningful value proposition. Sales in Specialty Benefits so far this year are tracking to our expectations, and importantly, retention is also strong. These factors give us confidence we will continue to grow faster than the market in 2024. In Life, premium and fees for the total block increased 5% over the fourth quarter of 2022, including a 26% increase in the business market segment. Our focus on the business market is resonating with distribution partners and has more than offset the runoff in our legacy retail block. Im excited about the growth opportunities across Principal and remain confident that our focus on higher growth markets combined with our integrated product portfolio and important distribution partnerships will continue to create value for customers and shareholders. At our core, we remain committed to providing individuals, businesses, communities and markets access to essential financial tools, products and guidance, and we see strong demand for our brand of expertise and support in todays environment. Before turning it over to Deanna, Id like to highlight an important recognition we received this quarter, included on slide five, along with other 2023 awards and recognition. For the 12th consecutive year, Principal Asset Management was once again named a Best Place to Work in Money Management by Pensions & Investments, earning this recognition every year since the inception of the award. Recognition like this helps us benchmark progress, attract and retain talent, and stand out in the marketplace. Id be remiss if I didnt also take a moment to recognize Pat Halter, President of Principal Asset Management, who announced his retirement after 40 years with the company. I will miss Pat as a business leader and also as a very trusted advisor. I wish he and his family much success in the next phase of their life. He has guided Principal Asset Management through significant growth, including further diversification of its active, special investment capabilities into private markets and new geographies. Id also like to congratulate Kamal Bhatia, who has assumed the role as President of Principal Asset Management. Kamal joined the company in 2019 as an industry veteran with significant experience in investment solutions, business strategy, client engagement and product development. We close 2023 with momentum across our diverse portfolio businesses. Our success is a testament to the focus and hard work of our nearly 20,000 dedicated global employees. Their ongoing commitment to excellence and to our customers enabled us to seize opportunities and set the stage for future growth. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, Ill share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full year, updates on our investment portfolio, our current capital position, as well as details of our outlook for 2024. Full year reported net income was $623 million. Excluding exited business, net income was $1.5 billion for the full year with credit losses of $81 million. Fourth quarter net income, excluding exited business was $299 million with $27 million of credit losses. As a reminder, the income from exited business is non-economic and is driven by the change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivative. It doesnt impact our capital or free cash flow and can be extremely volatile quarter-to-quarter. Full year credit drift and losses were modest and better than our expectations at the beginning of the year. Excluding significant variances, full year non-GAAP operating earnings was $1.7 billion or $6.92 per diluted share. This was a 6% increase in EPS over 2022 at the top end of our 3% to 6% outlook and included $436 million in the fourth quarter or $1.81 per diluted share. As detailed on slide 24, significant variances impacted fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by a net positive $5 million on both a pre-tax and after-tax basis and $0.02 per diluted share. The significant variances included strong encaje performance largely offset by lower variable investment income. Looking at macroeconomics in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 daily average was slightly higher than the third quarter of 2023 and 16% higher than the fourth quarter of 2022. While the S&P 500 Index increased 24% from the end of 22, the daily average increased just 4% from the 2022 daily average. In addition, the S&P 500 performed better than mid-cap, small-cap and international equities, as well as fixed income and alternatives. Relative to our 2023 outlook, the daily average increase was lower than our typical 6% price appreciation assumption, but it was higher than expected heading into the year. Foreign exchange rates were a headwind relative to the third quarter, but a tailwind compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 and on a trailing 12-month basis. Margins across the enterprise remained strong as we took actions to reduce expenses to align with revenue, while investing for growth and increasing scalability. On a full year basis, compensation and other expenses increased modestly over 2022 despite elevated severance expense of $20 million in the fourth quarter and $30 million for the full year. Turning to the business units, the following comments exclude significant variances and demonstrate our ability to meet or exceed most of our 2023 guidance ranges. Starting with RIS, fourth quarter pre-tax operating earnings were very strong and increased 22% over the fourth quarter of 2022 driven by growth in the business and strong revenue retention, higher net investment income and favorable markets. Full year net revenue growth of 4% and the 39% margin were at the high end of our guided ranges. Our focus on profitable revenue growth is paying off and was aided by favorable macroeconomic impacts. PGIs pre-tax margin of 35% for the full year was within our guided range, a strong result compared to many of our peers, reflecting disciplined expense management, while navigating a pressured revenue environment. PGIs full year revenue growth was slightly below our guided range given the market volatility, as well as the industry trend of money moving to money market funds in 2023. At $34 million for the full year, performance fees ended the year in line with our outlook despite a pressured real estate market. This compares to a very strong year in 2022, which had $70 million. Performance fees are dependent on market conditions as to when we can optimize alpha generation in the portfolio. Principal International ended the year strong with full year revenue growth of 9%, a 32% margin and an 11% increase in pre-tax operating earnings over 2022. Results benefited from growth in the business, higher AUM, positive net cash flow and foreign currency tailwinds. Both revenue growth and margin were within our guided ranges. Specialty Benefits continued to deliver in 2023 with a 9% growth in premium and fees, a 15% margin and a 17% increase in pre-tax operating earnings compared to full year 2022. This was fueled by another year of record sales, strong retention and employment and wage growth, as well as a more favorable loss ratio. All of our metrics for specialty benefits were within our guided ranges. In Life, growth in premium and fees was within our guided range as our focus on business solutions is outpacing the roll-off of the legacy block. Margin was slightly below our guided range primarily due to lower net investment income as we right-sized the assets backing the business post-transaction. Shifting to our investment portfolio, it remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile and well-positioned for a variety of economic conditions. We revalued the office real estate portfolio again in the fourth quarter as we have done quarterly throughout 2023. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. The average loan-to-value of 49% increased modestly throughout 2023, as we expected while the debt service coverage ratio remained stable at 2.5 times, reflecting the quality of our portfolio and our disciplined investment approach. Specific to our office exposure in the CML portfolio, there were 10 loans that matured in 2023, reducing our office loan exposure by 12%. All loans were paid off and resolved. We did not have any loan extensions or foreclosures in 2023. Looking at the 2024 office maturities, the underlying metrics are generally strong, with an average loan-to-value of 66% and debt service coverage ratio of 3.8 times. We only have one maturity in the first quarter and it paid off in January. Were actively managing and remain confident in the outcome of the remaining 10 maturities, eight of which are slated for the second half of the year. Turning to capital and liquidity, we ended the year in a very strong position, with $1.7 billion of excess and available capital, including approximately $935 million at the holding company, which is above our $800 million targeted level, $375 million in our subsidiaries and $375 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio, which was 427% at the end of the year. Our capital position and free cash flow reflect robust fourth quarter results and actions we took to increase capital efficiency, including the establishment of an affiliated Bermuda reinsurance entity and the closure of certain guaranteed retirement products in Hong Kong. Combined, these actions freed up more than $200 million of capital in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, we delivered 100% free capital flow conversion, including organic generation within our 75% to 85% targeted range. As shown on slide three, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in 2023, including $700 million of share repurchases and $625 million of common stock dividends. This included more than $400 million of capital returned to shareholders in the fourth quarter, with approximately $250 million of share repurchases and $160 million of common stock dividends. Last night we announced a $0.69 common stock dividend payable in the first quarter, a $0.02 increase from the dividend paid in the fourth quarter and in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. This demonstrates our confidence in continued growth and overall performance. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company, and will continue a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Turning to our outlook for 2024, starting on slide 13, we are well positioned to deliver on our enterprise long-term financial targets in 2024, with 9% to 12% growth in earnings per share and 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion. In regards to EPS, benefits from growth in the business, favorable macroeconomic tailwinds and higher share repurchases are expected to more than offset continued pressure on real estate, Asia and a higher effective tax rate. Our higher growth, higher return and more capital efficient portfolio will continue to drive an increase in return on equity and we expect to achieve our 14% to 16% targeted range in 2025. We remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and are targeting $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of capital deployments in 2024. This includes $800 million to $1.1 billion of share repurchases and a 40% dividend payout ratio. Our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase authorization for $1.5 billion. This is in addition to nearly $300 million remaining under the prior authorization at the end of the year. Our guidance assumes run rate variable investment income. As usual, well quantify the impacts to reported results from higher or lower than expected variable investment income as a significant variance on our earnings calls throughout the year. Slide 21 provides details of our alternative investments. Our portfolio is more heavily weighted to real estate, with a smaller allocation to private equity and hedge funds. Variable investment income is difficult to predict, but if the current macro environment persists throughout 2024, we expect continued pressure on prepayment fees and real estate returns. Turning to our business units, our outlook for 2024 is grounded in our long-term guidance. We included some modeling considerations on slide 14, noting where we expect to perform on an adjusted basis relative to our targeted long-term ranges. In RIS, benefits from macroeconomic tailwinds and growth in the business are expected to drive revenue growth at the high end or slightly above our long-term guidance, and margin at the upper end of our range. In PGI, revenue growth is expected to be at the lower end of our long-term guidance, as benefits from market tailwinds are partially offset by continued pressure on real estate revenue and impacts from recent redemptions. In Principal International, margin is expected to be in line with 2023 and were expecting low single-digit revenue growth, reflecting the impact of foreign currency translation and continued macro headwinds in Asia. While the closure of the guaranteed retirement products will impact revenue and earnings in Asia, Latin America is expected to continue to deliver strong earnings growth. In benefits and protection, we expect favorable loss ratios and Specialty Benefits to persist in 2024 and expect to be toward the lower half of our long-term range. The margin for Life Insurance is expected to be slightly below the long-term range but improve from 2023. Before opening for questions, I want to remind you of a few seasonality impacts. In PGI, the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter for earnings due to the seasonality of deferred compensation and elevated payroll taxes. And in Specialty Benefits, dental claims are typically higher in the first half of the year. These factors contribute to the pattern of free capital flow, which is typically lightest in the first quarter and increases throughout the year. We have good momentum as we start 2024 with a strong capital position and we are well positioned to deliver on our long-term financial targets. We are grounded in our growth drivers of retirement, asset management, and benefits and protection and executing on a strategy focused on continuing to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Joel Hurwitz: Hey. Good morning. I wanted to start on PGI and the outlook for the net revenue guidance. So you talked about being at the low end despite some of the market tailwinds and you referenced some of the real estate headwinds. I guess, can you just talk about your expectation for real estate-related activities in 2024 and how that compares to what you experienced in 2023?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks, Joel, and thanks for joining the call. I believe this is your first time to call in. Its great having you cover PFG, and so with that, let me have Pat and Kamal tag team this response.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. Joel, this is Pat, and great to have you on board here. Ill just make a couple comments and then let Kamal talk a bit more, maybe specifically about flows, because I think thats part of the nature of your question. As we kind of look forward relative to this year, we are starting to be more cautiously optimistic about our outlook relative to flows, Joel. We started to see more investors in the fourth quarter move into a little more of the risk side of the equation versus keeping money in cash and cash equivalents. I think that was predominantly driven by the fourth quarter in terms of improvements both in the equities and the fixed income market, and our belief that with potential Fed easing later this year, we continue to see a trend, which we are seeing in the first part of this year, of investors starting to engage again in some of our higher value investment activities. But Kamal will provide more input on and specifics on that.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thank you, Pat. Thank you, Joel. Let me see off where Pat left it on net cash flow because thats a big driver of your question. As you heard Dan mention earlier in his comments, our organic growth rate was very resilient in 2023, particularly when you compare it to other active management peers over the last 12 months. As we look forward in 2024, we are encouraged by some key signals. Ill start off first with our real estate pipeline. I think we have discussed this before with you, but Ill reiterate that we have a strong $6 billion real estate pipeline, which is ready to go to work as conditions allow us. In particular, I would highlight for you, we see the greatest opportunity in 2024 of almost, I would say, roughly a $1 billion of capital that we could put to work in two critical areas. One is private debt. As the market stabilizes here, we continue to see more opportunity emerging there. As you know, we have had a strong legacy of operating both on the debt and equity side. Another area where we continue to see client engagement is on the growth and income side, which is really anchored on our strengthened data centers. So I would highlight those two areas for you on the real estate side. But theres more to it, if I look at our search activity, particularly in our specialty fixed income area, its continuing to increase, and even in our 4Q results, we did see improved net cash flow in that area, as Dan mentioned in his opening comments. And then the last piece, which may be slow to come by, but we are seeing a good progress on is clients are looking for more diversification and our strength in small and mid-cap equities is a conversation we are continuing to have with a lot more clients now. So I hope that helps you with the question you asked.
Joel Hurwitz: Thanks. Very Helpful.
Dan Houston: Joel thats helpful
Joel Hurwitz: Yeah. Thanks. That was very helpful. Best of luck with the retirement, Pat. I wanted to move to pension risk transfer. You did $2.9 billion in 2023, which I think is above the $2.3 billion or $2.5 billion level that you guys had recently talked about a quarter or so ago. Just any comment on what you saw in the market in Q4? I guess, whats the outlook for 2024 and how does the Bermuda subsidiary impact your growth targets on your more capital-intensive new business?
Dan Houston: Ill pass this to Chris quickly, but just to be on the record, that PRT business continues to be a strong contributor for profitability and growth for the organization with really favorable return profiles. But, Chris, some additional color, please.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Joel. Good morning. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter in PRT and a very strong year overall in our PRT business. We did about $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter and thats really because we saw an opportunity. There were both capital and onboarding constraints in the industry, and we were able to take advantage of those constraints and put on some really nice PRT business at well above our targeted return levels. So really a great opportunity. We continue to believe we have great advantages in the PRT market, both because of our expertise in DB, the scale that we have, our focus on the small-to-medium-sized type PRT opportunities, as well as our ability to capture our DB clients when they decide to do a planned termination. So if we look at the overall sales in 2023, about 20% of the premium and about 50% of the cases actually came from existing PFG customers. And so that really gives us a nice opportunity to grow our PRT business and the team is just doing an excellent job. As we look forward to 2024, the funding levels of plans remain robust at about 107%, as estimated by Mercer at the end of the year and so we continue to expect to see strong industry sales across PRT. I think the industry is projecting something in the neighborhood of about $40 billion. Were targeting somewhere in the sort of $2.5 billion to $3 billion range for 2024 and that really is focused on as much about the returns that were able to get. Were not trying to maximize overall PRT premiums. Were trying to get the best return on the capital that were returning -- that we are investing in that business. So feel really, really good about where we sit on PRT. Your last question on Bermuda. I mean, Bermuda is -- Deanna can provide more details, but Bermuda is a nice opportunity for us that we open up in the fourth quarter. It gives us an additional ability to look at capital efficiency, and again, continue to think about how do we get good returns on the capital we put in that business. Hopefully, that answers your question, Joel.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Joel, for the questions.
Joel Hurwitz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Krueger: Hey. Good morning. My first question was on Hong Kong. Could you provide some additional detail just on the impact specifically to the exit of the guaranteed product and also maybe a little bit more color on why you decided to do this?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Ill hit that at a high level and then pass it to Deanna. Just know that Principal remains supportive of the eMPF Business Reform thats going on there. Our focus continues to remain on a customer experience and making sure that were providing fee-based investment options that are most attractive in that marketplace, but this guaranteed component was one that we didnt necessarily like to return profile. But Ill have Deanna give you some more insights on the implications on the business.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Ryan, just a little bit more color there. This was kind of a legacy product that we offered as part of our eMPF Retirement plan, but as Dan mentioned, it was more capital intensive than other investment options and it was not meeting the return thresholds that we really wanted. So, we looked at an opportunity to exit that business. And just to talk a little bit about the impact. Those products had about a $1 billion in AUM. We actually retained about $800 million to 900 million of it in other asset classes that did not have the same capital implications to it and $200 million actually left Principal. If you actually look at the AUM roll forward, youll see $200 million in that operations dispose line, which is really the impact of that. From a financial perspective, it had the benefit of releasing some capital in the fourth quarter. Think about magnitude of $30 million to $40 million. We actually expect a similar amount of relief on that same block early in 2024. Obviously, that is positive from a capital implication perspective, but it does have an impact on our revenue and operating earnings as we think of 2024 and well pressure on a pre-tax basis our Hong Kong earnings at about $10 million.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thank you. And then, the other question was just on, can you give a little more information on how RIS fee flows looked in 2023 on -- in the SMB market and key trends you see there?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Another key market for PFG for sure. Chris, want to provide some additional insights there?
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. I mean, I think, we would say that, SMB continues to be very resilient in overall fundamentals. Our SMB transfer deposits in SMB were up 12% on a trailing 12-month basis. When we think about recurring deposits, the SMB was up 14%. So, again, we just -- we see very healthy fundamentals coming out of our small- to medium-sized clients. So, really, really healthy.
Dan Houston: Hopefully, that helps, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Maybe just to start again on the Bermuda subsidiary, are you looking at opportunities to put some of your in-force business in there to generate some capital efficiencies? And if so, can you give us any kind of ballpark in terms of what youre looking to target for 2024 in terms of capital feed?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Go ahead.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Ill just step back a little bit, Suneet, and talk about the purpose for that entity. Again, we constantly evaluate opportunities to create value for our customers and our shareholders that led to us setting up the entity and that was -- we did receive approval in the fourth quarter. The ultimate focus of that is to support our PRT and our term life insurance business with the ultimate focus on new sales. But to kind of start the company, we did feed some in-force business to that, both on the PRT and the Life side, and that cause -- that did benefit us about $200 million in our free capital flow in the fourth quarter. For 2024, well, again, be much more focused on using this, as Chris mentioned already, for new sales, providing us capital flexibility, allowing us to take advantage of growth at more capital efficient levels, and ultimately, well assess if theres other uses there, but our focus is on that new sale other than what was needed to feed the company.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thats helpful. And then I guess shifting to RIS fee, so one of the things that were hearing from, I guess, one of your peers is that, as participants reach retirement age, theyre actually starting to take money out and put it into products that have higher yields, Im assuming its rollover into fixed annuities or fixed indexed annuities. So can you -- I know you give us the lapses and withdrawals on a consolidated basis, can you just give us some color on what youre seeing at kind of the participant level? Are you seeing a pickup in withdrawals and maybe how current trends compare to recent years?
Dan Houston: Go ahead, Chris.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah. I would say that we saw in 2023 a modest increase in participant withdrawals primarily due to overall retirements than due to either loans or withdrawals. And so we are seeing a modest increase in the withdrawal rates there on the participants. But that being said, again, when you look at the participants, were also seeing really healthy underlying fundamentals. Were seeing deferrals are up significantly over 8%. Matches by employers are up. So were seeing a lot of things that are feeding overall growing, the recurring and the account value growth, but we definitely are seeing an increase in some retirements -- a modest increase in retirements.
Dan Houston: I mean, one thing to sort of note about these deposits for those people who oftentimes keep their money inside the existing 401(k) plans, its because think about those as being institutionally priced. They like those investment options. So leaving money in the plan is clearly one of those options. For those that want to distance themselves from an employer, they can still obtain a rollover IRA with Principal, and again, thats a very active part of our strategy. But we also have to remember that theres a lot of people that are literally drawing down their 401(k) account balances of retirement to live off of and thats the business that were in, and were fortunate also to be able to have competitive annuity income options for these individuals. So were not surprised, but at the same time, theres a lot of effort that goes into retaining these assets because, again, we believe we have great solutions for those individuals. But appreciate the question.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you very much for the opportunity. My question is around the severance. Was there a lens towards looking at more greatly unified operations of PI and Principal global investors now that were further into the shared umbrella of Principal Asset Management?
Patrick Halter: Yeah. The reality is, we always align our expenses with our revenues and this severance is really spread across the organization in its totality. Theres not a lot of fanfare around that, but its making sure that were just aligning expenses accordingly. So there isnt any one spot and its all Principals ongoing efforts to manage these expenses, and, again, thats no different than what weve done previously, John. So hopefully that helps.
John Barnidge: It does. Thank you very much. And my follow-up question, lots of companies have been calling out the opportunity for supplemental voluntary products as a growth vertical. Can you maybe talk about the opportunities set for your company, as well as general product development pipeline for benefits?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Ill throw that over to Amy in just a second. I was actually looking back at our Principal Well-Being Index that was done back in November, and, again, it was ironic. The SMBs actually have a 65% favorable outlook from a financial perspective, 73% feel its getting better from here and they also cite specifically benefits as a way to attract and retain talent. So, again, its a very favorable environment for SMBs, and of course, Amy is one of our best subject matter experts on this. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Thanks for the question, and, Dan, youve got it right. Theres a -- there is an appetite for these products. Theres a need for them. What I would say is, most people see the use of these supplemental products not as a replacement for some of the core coverages theyre putting in place. So were still seeing a high interest in getting core income replacement products done. Small- and mid-sized businesses are still taking care of their major medical needs. But were adding on these critical illness, the accidents, the hospital indemnity to help cover the things that arent covered by some of the other pieces of insurance. So when you look at like a high deductible plan that youd have to get up to $7,500 before the plan would kick in to help pay, its helping meet some of those expenses. So what I would say is, these products in our portfolio make a ton of sense and youve seen us add critical illness, youve seen us add accidents and youve seen us add most recently hospital indemnity. Thats giving us the ability to have a worksite portfolio that helps complement the things that theyre doing. Were expecting and are seeing growth in excess of 15%, up to 20% on those product sets. Now our base on those sets is pretty small, but its responsive to the marketplace. The last point I would offer is, those are also giving us the ability with the type of financial security in place that if people have those benefits in place, theyre better able to participate in some of the other programs like saving in a 401(k) or investing in the places that make sense for them as an investor. So that if youve got these products in place, then our ability to extend to other pieces of Principals great product set is even higher.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks, John. Thanks for a good question.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Lets see, a couple of questions. First is just on alternative returns. I think youre assuming in line with your long-term expectation, but then there was a footnote just saying, if current conditions persist in real estate in particular, you would -- I guess, potentially youre going to come in below that. Can you just sort of clarify what youre thinking on that? Do you -- would you expect alternatives to be softer in 1Q or 2Q based on what youre seeing today?
Dan Houston: This is where you wish you had a great crystal ball, which we dont. Deanna, you want to provide some additional color?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Tom, thanks for the question there. The first thing I would reiterate is our ranges that weve put out there for margin and revenue growth are all on an ex-significant variant basis, and obviously, the last few years, variable investment income has been one that we have called out as it has run below our actual level. Just to put that in a little bit of perspective, our run rate return for our alt portfolio is in that 8% to 8.5% range and we actually came in in 2023 more in that 6% to 7% level, and we did provide on the slide deck an actual breakdown of our alternative portfolio, which is about a $5 -- a little over a $5 billion portfolio. So given kind of the difficulty in actually predicting that, we felt it was prudent to give you guidance on a run rate basis. And also because we actually see a path to getting to that run rate basis either late in 2024 as we think about 2025, and I know youre aware, but our alt portfolio is more weighed or heavily concentrated in real estate and has less allocation to private equity and hedge funds. If we think of 2023, we actually -- the places where we fell below our expectations was pre-pays, not surprising given the interest rate environments and the elements of our bond portfolio and also real estate, which again, more of ours comes from real estate transactions and 2023 was obviously not at time to actually take advantage of that. Our alt portfolio -- our private equity and hedge actually performed better than we expected, and again, helped to offset some of the impact that we saw there. So one of the things that, again, its probably easier to think about the next quarter or two than it is the full year, pre-pays in real estate transactions will probably run below our expectations, but its interesting if we actually did have BII be at the same level that we experienced in 2023, our reported EPS would actually be in that 9% to 12% growth rate as well as our adjusted and our outlook. So hopefully that gives you a little bit more color.
Tom Gallagher: That does. Thanks, Deanna. And just for a follow-up, just -- could you provide whats embedded in your guide related to both net flows in RIS and PGI?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think, probably, Kamal and Chris would be in the best position to talk through that.
Dan Houston: So, Pat, maybe go ahead.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. So I think from a look-forward perspective, Tom, were seeing improvement from 2023. As Kamal highlighted, were seeing improvement in our broad range of investment activities, starting with fixed income and we think fixed income is going to be a benefactor and a recipient of the Fed policy actions that we believe in are assuming to occur later this year in terms of sort of a Fed easy. So thats the first sort of protocol relative to I think flows coming in a more positive direction in 2024. Kamal highlighted our real estate. We still have a very balanced approach in terms of what we can do in real estate, both in terms of the pipeline and the opportunities, both in debt and data centers and other specialized investment activities. We dont talk about this enough, but Europe is actually a very active place for us right now also in terms of real estate and so thats an area just to highlight, and we have some emerging opportunities in Asia and future to talk about. And then, I think, in terms of what Kamal highlighted, just to sort of, again, reiterate, we see some really strong interest in equity activity, particularly in the small and midcaps. So but to round it out, I will let Kamal sort of finish out sort of the things that we didnt discuss.
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. So, Tom, I think, Pat covered it well. The only other data point Id add for you, you asked about NCF. From where we sit in asset management, I think we are managing the whole business for revenue and margin as well. Its critical. As you know, we have a very large book of business across retirement wealth and institutional, and as youll see in our stable fee rate, both in 4Q, we are acutely focused on retention. But as Pat mentioned and I mentioned earlier, we do see growth on our institutional segment. So I think as we have guided in Deannas comments, I think, we are looking at a stable margin guidance at this stage, where we obviously make sure our expenses are in line with our revenue and weve also given some revenue guidance. But those are the measures we are looking at in addition to NCF.
Dan Houston: Chris any color?
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. I think from an RIS perspective, Tom, its very difficult to project net cash flows for full year. As you know, we see a lot of seasonality in the fourth quarter and a lot of activity for plan transitions and lineup changes. I think what Id also reiterate is what weve said before, which is net cash flow is just one measure to look at and not all net cash flow is not created equal, and were really focused on increasing revenue and the profitable growth in our book is really where were focused. And I think youll see our results and the guidance for 2024 are very consistent with that approach to managing the business. What I would say is, were going to continue to remain disciplined on priority -- on the pricing, were going to drive more revenue, and as we look towards 2024, we see continued strong transfer deposits, we see solid recurring deposit growth and we see a moderation in the contract lapse rate, all of which is leading to that revenue guidance at or above our long-term range and margin at the upper end of our long-term range. So thats how Id respond to the question, Tom.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the question, Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. Pat, good luck and congratulations with your retirement. I had a question first for Chris on RIS fee flows and its along the lines that youve discussed in response to other questions as well. But if you think about it, the environment overall for retirement plan should be pretty good with the tight labor market, strong GDP growth, and yet your flows have been negative each of the last two years and each of the last three quarters. So I think some of it was the wealth lapses, some of it, it seems like from your comments that youre implying that the markets competitive and youre trying to stay disciplined on price. So what -- if you could just give us some detail on what are the various factors that are driving weak flows and to what extent is it environmental versus maybe company specific, and you could talk about 2023 and the fourth quarter as well?
Patrick Halter: Yeah. I mean, I think, what Id say is, weve previously talked on calls about the competitive environment remains competitive on flows. Weve also talked about us wanting to make sure that we have the right plans that we have in our portfolio and are very focused on making sure that we have profitable plans. I think youve seen in the past year and a half, two years, weve had some large plans leave that have had very negligible impact on net revenue. And so, again, our focus is on revenue, not flows and it will remain that way as we go. Flows is an important measure for us to look at, but were trying to remain disciplined in the business that we put on. And again, Id also say, the fourth quarter is historically a negative quarter. As we look into 2024 and the first quarter particular, we see positive net cash flow in the first quarter and significantly above last years first quarter. So, again, were watching flows. Its an important dynamic for us, but were really, really focused on finding all the ways that we can generate revenue across our platform, as well as focusing on those plans that are healthy and profitable for us to continue to maintain.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just for maybe, Dan, on, theres been a lot of noise about pension reform in Chile and nothing concrete has actually happened yet, but what are your views on the most likely outcome and how does it impact a Principals business?
Dan Houston: Yeah. I appreciate that. And just to pile on Chris response there, dont discount the value creation of what Chris and his team have done around improving the customer experience, continuing to build out total retirement solutions, our ability to gather assets for the asset management part of the organization and feed the rest of the organization. So from our perspective, its a very valuable franchise, and Chris and his team have done an excellent job ensuring that the business we serve is a profitable business. We dont need practice and record keeping. So that as it relates to Chile, as you know, this has been an ongoing reform discussion. Its been going on for years. The constitutional reform was not successful. One of the outcomes of that was further conversations around pension reform and we start with doing whats in the best interest of Chilean people. And right now what they tell us through surveys and feedback is they want a choice in their provider, they want choice in investment options, and this has been very consistent. So, in fact, effectively, Chileans have rejected the idea of a state-owned AFP providing more value than what the private sector has. So we continue to be very vigilant, working with regulators, working with the legislators and continue to work in the industry to make sure that what is available in the AFP is competitive from a feed perspective, the investment options, which it is, and continue to serve the best interest of Chileans. But again, we feel reasonably confident on the industrys ability to demonstrate that and make our case to elected officials. Appreciate the question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Scott: Hey. Good morning. The first question I had was on RIS and I just wanted to see if you could provide maybe just high level commentary on the competitive environment. I think a little bit more of the business sort of goes through a renewal towards the end of the year, beginning of the year, and just interested in how thats gone and if theres any pricing considerations that we should think through as were looking at the net revenue guidance and thinking through revenue in 1Q?
Dan Houston: Chris?
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Alex. Again, we feel really good about the position our business is in and all of those competitive pressures are built into our guidance. It still shows us benefiting from both the macroeconomic environment, as well as the growth in our block and the increase in revenue generation across our block. So we are seeing a competitive environment, I think thats going to continue, but weve been able to really succeed despite that competition. I mean, WSRS sales were up 14% for the year, fee-based transfer deposits were up 17% on a trailing 12-month basis. We had really, really strong revenue retention this year. And so, overall, we feel really good about the underlying business fundamentals and our ability to compete and win clients from other providers. So I feel really good about where we sit in the market.
Alex Scott: Thats helpful. Thank you. Next one I have is on the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. I was just interested if you could talk about maturities you have this year. I know you gave some numbers in the deck. So Id just be interested in color around how thats going, working through those maturities. And if theres anything we should think about as it relates to the, I guess, it was around 7% of the office portfolio thats getting closer to 100 LTV with debt service coverage under 100, sorry, under 1.
Dan Houston: There was a fitting way to end this call and have it go to the one person retiring who has probably the most knowledge of any person I know around commercial real estate. Its Pat. So, Pat, can you provide us with your insights on this one?
Patrick Halter: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Alex. Obviously, real estate and office in particular is under the radar screen and we are absolutely laser focused on our portfolio and ensuring its being valued, its being underwritten and its being monitored and managed appropriately. Just to level set a little bit, Alex, we have about $3 billion remaining in our overall commercial mortgage loan portfolio thats in office. High quality office, Class A predominantly, 60% loan-to-value, and then office portfolio, thats where the 30% reduction already in valuations. As you know, we appraise, and Deanna highlighted this earlier, we appraise our office portfolio on a quarterly basis. So, thats a current loan-to-value, 2-point time -- 2.6 times debt service coverage and that portfolio is 89% occupied currently. Specifically, to your question, Alex, we have 11 loans that are maturing in 2024 in the office category, and as highlighted earlier, one of those loans already has paid off. But we really are going into that portfolio with a very strong position. The remaining 10 loans, 66% loan-to-value. But what I really want to highlight are three things; one is the debt service coverage ratio, which is 3.8; secondly, its 94% occupied in terms of that portfolio; and thirdly, the lease term is 5.6 years remaining in that office portfolio. So that $440 million remaining that is expected to mature for the remaining part of 2024, three of those loans are under $6 million in loan balance. So that remains seven loans, of which, as I think Deanna highlighted, 80% of those loans are going to be maturing in the second half of the year. As I mentioned, we do intensive underwriting each one of those loans. Of those seven loans, we dont see any sort of issues at this point in time relative to any credit losses and they are all current and paying, we have a lot of institutional investors in some of those loans. Again, high quality loan portfolio and with the sort of going in debt service coverage ratio occupancy and the long-term lease is still remaining in that overall portfolio, we continue to feel fairly good about the portfolio as we move it forward into the year. Well continue to monitor that very closely. The last thing you highlighted, Alex, was there are, I think, we provided in the deck, theres a small portion of our overall portfolio. I think its about 1.5% of our overall portfolio, about 6.7% of the office portfolio, so about $200 million. That equates to about $200 million. Thats in four loans. We continue to monitor those very, very carefully. We see probably one stress point in one of those loans today. So we could see a minor loss reserve in one of those loans as we look forward in the next quarter. But thats all we see at this point in time, but well continue to monitor those loans also. But the portfolio is in a very good place, its in a good shape right now, but clearly we have to be respectful of the challenges in the marketplace and the liquidity and the headwinds that continue to remain probably for the next couple quarters. Thanks for the questions, Alex.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. Thanks for fitting me in. I guess this ones for Amy. Looking at the long-term guidance range around the benefit -- medical benefit ratio around 60% to 65%, you guys did 61% this year. A lot of other companies in the space are reporting a much wider variance from the long-term expected average, 6 -- midpoint of the range, 62.5%. Youre not that far away right now. Is dental providing some sort of balance thats more normal compared to some other things or should we think that theres something different in the portfolio at Principal thats basically causing the normally good results as opposed to usually outsized good results in the benefits?
Dan Houston: Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Youve hit it right in mentioning dental. A lot of the other -- when I look across the industry, a lot of the other changes that Im seeing happen are with portfolios that are either primarily or solely kind of that life and disability portfolio. And again, when I look across our results for life and disability, I feel really comfortable that were setting ourselves up with a loss ratio range thats going to give us both the right appropriate growth prospects and profitability. Dental does have -- its a more highly utilized product. It does tend to have a different rhythm to the business. I think the great news there is that third quarter and fourth quarter, we continue to see a moderation of that loss ratio for us. So were seeing sort of heading back into more normal cycles for dental and that does fuel some of our confidence in the ranges that were giving. Now, what I would say is, Id just reiterate that Deanna mentioned in her earlier comments, we do expect 2024 loss ratios to be in that lower end of the range. So I feel really good about those comments, and the beginning of the year experience on those products looks strong.
Josh Shanker: And is that lower end life and disability driven or its the whole kit and caboodle is going to be at the lower end?
Amy Friedrich: Well, to use your technical term, the whole kit and caboodle is going to be at the lower end. So that is a full portfolio comment that Im giving you.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Appreciate that question, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Appreciate that. And thank you for your time today on the call. As you can tell, were very confident about our go-forward strategy and the value were able to create for our customers and our shareholders. Once again, Pat, thank you for your 40 years of service. You may have a significant contribution -- youve made a significant contribution to the companys success and for our customers, and for that, were quite grateful. With that, have a great day. Thank you for taking the time to be part of this call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. We would ask that youd be respectful of others and limit your questions to one and a follow-up so we can get to everyone in the queue. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups third quarter 2023 conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of a Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Other members of Senior Management will also be available for Q&A. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Well be hosting a combined fourth quarter 2023 earnings and 2024 outlook call on February 13th. We will share more details early on next year. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Humphrey and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning Id like to share key aspects of our third quarter financial results and some notable performance highlights. Deanna will follow with additional details and an update on our current financial and capital position. Our diversified and increasingly integrated business model, as well as our leading and differentiated position in the US small to mid-sized business market contributed to a strong quarter. Across the enterprise we continue to balance investing for growth in our businesses with disciplined expense management. Starting on Slide 3, healthy sales growth across our businesses, and strong underwriting results drove reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $420 million or $1.72 per diluted share in the third quarter. Excluding significant variances, earnings per share increased 14% over the third quarter of 2022. The synergies between our businesses increasingly integrated offering and the value of our distribution and joint venture partnerships continue to unlock value for our customers and shareholders. During the quarter, we delivered on our capital deployment strategy, investing for growth in our businesses and returning more than $350 million of capital to shareholders to share repurchases and common stock dividends. Our strong capital position enabled us to complete $200 million of share repurchases in the third quarter and to increase our dividend. After a strong start to the year, equity markets retreated in August and September. Foreign currency tailwinds in the first half of the year reversed in the third quarter, as the US dollar strengthened on growth and higher yields in the US, outpacing much of the rest of the world. These macroeconomic dynamics impacted our total company managed AUM, which ended the quarter over $650 billion. Total company managed net cash flow improved from the second quarter, benefiting from strong net cash flow in Principal International, improved institutional flows in Principal global investors and strong general account flows. With $2.1 billion of net outflows in the quarter, we performed better than many active asset managers as a percentage of beginning AUM. The current volatile markets are a challenge for the asset management industry, and the aggressive interest rate hikes over the last 18 months have continued to make cash and money market funds highly attractive. This is evidenced by the nearly $1 trillion of industry flows into money market funds year-to-date, and approximately $7 trillion of AUM in money market funds across the industry. Were well positioned and have the right strategies as interest rates stabilize, and investors reallocate back into risk-based assets, like our specialty income solutions. Despite continued pressure in the real estate sector, we generated $800 million of positive real estate net cash flow in the quarter, as institutional investors are starting to put money to work and select real estate strategies. This was nearly double our real estate flows in the first half of the year, and demonstrates the confidence our clients have in our differentiated capabilities in this asset class. We have several real estate opportunities boosting our optimism for the coming quarters. We expect additional funding in the fourth quarter and our new data center fund and our China real estate joint venture. As discussed last quarter, we have a strong pipeline of committed yet unfunded real estate mandates, currently over $6 billion that well put to work opportunistically. Looking at asset management in total, we are aware of two large institutional outflows of similar size that will impact net cash flow by approximately $5 billion in total. One client is planning to take the funds in-house, while the others moving to a passive option. We expect one of the outflows to occur in the fourth quarter, and the other early in the first quarter of 2024. In Principal International, we ended the quarter with $168 billion of total reported AUM. This reflected strong retirement net cash flow in Latin America, including $1 billion in Brazil. Brasilprev, our joint venture with Banco do Brasil remains the market leader in both AUM and deposits with nearly 30% market share. As a reminder, net cash flow in Brazil tends to be seasonally stronger in the first and third quarter each year. We continue to have great confidence in the global asset management opportunity and our ability to deliver global and local investment capabilities and client support across more than 80 markets. As part of our efforts to invest for growth, we have added two new highly regarded investment leaders, George Maris from Janus Henderson as CIO of Equities, and Michael Goosay from Goldman Sachs as CIO of Fixed Income. Both are proven investment leaders with specialized global expertise that complements our robust investment capabilities, and will further build upon our experienced team of nearly 900 investment professionals. Well also be announcing a new leader of Latin America in the coming days to drive our businesses across Brazil, Chile and Mexico. Turning to US Retirement, account value net cash flow was positive in the third quarter. Total RIS sales grew 30% and fee-based transfer deposits increased 78% compared to a year ago, we had two large retirement plan sales in the quarter, which contributed $3 billion to sales and transfer deposits. As reminder, sales and lapses in large plan segment can impact net cash flow significantly quarter-to-quarter. Total recurring deposits increased over the third quarter of 2022, driven by a 7% increase in the SMB segment. This was partially offset by the impact on deposits from large plan lapses earlier this year, as well as lower defined benefit, plan deposits given the full funding status of these plans. The SMB segment continues to be strong and as proven resilient, as employment and wages remain healthy. Looking ahead, we expect elevated lapses and negative net cash flow in the fourth quarter consistent with historical trends. We typically see plans change providers at year end. While we generally onboard new plans in the first quarter. On a full year basis, we expect sales and transfer deposits to be higher than 2022 levels, and we have good momentum heading into 2024. We remain focused on driving profitable growth in RIS, leveraging our leading market position and full suite of retirement and workplace solutions, in Specialty Benefits strong sales, retention, employment and wage growth contributed to an 8% growth in premium and fees over the third quarter of 2022. Attractive segments within the SMB market remain underpenetrated. And we are confident in our ability to target these segments with a meaningful value proposition to aid and continuing to deliver above market growth. In Life, our strategy is working as a business market premium and fees grew 24% over the third quarter of 2022 and outpace the run off of the legacy business. Im excited about the growth opportunities across the enterprise and confident that our focus on high growth markets combined with our integrated product suite, and distinct set of distribution partnerships will continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. At our core, were focused on providing individuals, businesses, communities and markets with access to financial tools and products and guidance. And today, we know the demand for this kind of knowledge and support is significant. To stay in touch with customer trends around the globe, we regularly take a step back and consider the state of the foundation upon which our industry is built. One example of trends were seeing comes to Life in The Global Financial Inclusion Index, a global study sponsored by Principal, assessing the state of financial inclusion worldwide. We released our second year finding earlier this month, identifying a continued and persistent need for financial service companies, employers and governments to continue to work together to help more people feel prepared to fully participate in building long-term financial security. Before turning it over to Deanna, Id like to highlight some recognition we recently received. Forbes recently recognized Principal on its list of Best Employers for Women in the US and one of Americas most cybersecured companies. We also achieved the top score on the 2023 Disability Equality Index from Disability:IN. And in Chile, most innovative companies, a local innovation consulting group recently awarded Cuprum and Principal as the most innovative company in both the AFP and asset management categories. Recognition like this helps us benchmark progress, attract and retain talent and stand out in the marketplace. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share the key contributors to financial performance for the quarter. Details of our current financial and capital position and an update on our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. We reported net income of $1.2 billion in the third quarter, reflecting more than $700 million of income from exited businesses. This benefit was primarily due to a change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivative, which doesnt impact our capital or free cash flow and can be extremely volatile quarter-to-quarter. Excluding the income from exited businesses, net income was $544 million with minimal credit losses of $6 million. We also had minimal impacts from credit drift in the third quarter. Year-to-date, total credit drift and losses were a manageable $41 million, which is better than our expectation at the beginning of the year. Excluding significant variances, third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $446 million or $1.83 per diluted share. EPS increased 14% over the third quarter of 2022, demonstrating the strength and resiliency of our diversified business model. On a year-to-date basis, EPS excluding significant variances, has increased 5% over 2022 compared to our 3% to 6% guided range. As detailed on Slide 11, significant variances impacted our third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by a net positive $40 million pre-tax, a net negative $27 million after-tax and $0.11 per diluted share. The significant variances included impacts from the actuarial assumption review, lower-than-expected variable investment income in RIS, Life and Corporate as well as impacts in Principal International, including lower-than-expected encaje performance and better-than-expected impacts of inflation. The assumption review had a net positive $63 million impact on pre-tax operating earnings. This was primarily driven by experience adjustments in RIS and Specialty Benefits, including updates to PRT mortality assumptions, group and individual disability morbidity assumptions as well as model refinements in Life. The after-tax impact was a negative $6 million as the pre-tax benefit was more than offset by a one-time tax impact resulting from a PRT tax reserve methodology change. RIS and Lifes third quarter pre-tax operating earnings, excluding significant variances, reflect the run rate impacts from the assumption review. There are no material run rate impacts in Specialty Benefits. In total, variable investment income was positive for the quarter and improved from the first half of the year, but it was lower than our run rate expectation. While VII benefited from improvement in real estate sales and alternative investment returns, prepayment fees remain immaterial. Looking at macroeconomics in the third quarter, the S&P 500 daily average increased 6% from the second quarter and 12% from the third quarter of 2022, benefiting third quarter results in our fee-based businesses. While the daily average increased markets retreated in the second half of the quarter, the S&P 500 closed nearly 4% lower than the second quarter and fixed income returns were negative as well. This impacts revenue, earnings and margins for our fee-based businesses. Foreign exchange rates were a slight headwind on a quarterly basis relative to the second quarter, a slight tailwind compared to the third quarter of 2022 and immaterial on a trailing 12-month basis. In RIS, benefits from strong expense management as well as favorable equity market performance and higher interest rates were partially offset by fee compression. Excluding significant variances, net revenue increased 4% compared to a year ago and margin was strong at 39%. PGI benefited from real estate performance fees in the quarter, driving a 6% increase in revenue over the third quarter of 2022 and improved the margin to 39%. Specialty Benefits pre-tax operating earnings, excluding significant variances, increased 32% over the year ago quarter. This was fueled by growth in the business, strong long-term disability underwriting experience and lower group life mortality. The third quarter adjusted margin was strong at over 17%, which was more than 300 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2022. As we look to the fourth quarter, I want to remind you that our enterprise compensation and other expenses are typically higher due to the seasonality of certain expenses. We expect less of an impact this fourth quarter than the typical 7% to 10% and as were focused on managing expenses in the challenging and volatile macro environment. Shifting to our investment portfolio, it remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile and well positioned for a variety of economic conditions. We revalued the office real estate portfolio again in the third quarter. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. The current loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios are strong at 47% and 2.5 times. Specific to our office exposure in the CML portfolio, all year-to-date maturities are resolved, and we are confident in the outcome of the one small remaining office loan maturing in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2024 office maturities, the underlying metrics are strong with a 63% loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratio of 3.8 times. We are confident in the outcome of the 11 maturities in 2024, of which, only three are slated for the first half of the year. Turning to capital and liquidity, we are in a strong position with $1.4 billion of excess and available capital, which reflects the benefit of negative IMR and includes approximately $940 million at the holding company, which is above our $800 million targeted level, $360 million in our subsidiaries, and $50 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio. We returned more than $350 million to shareholders in the third quarter, including $200 million of share repurchases and $156 million of common stock dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.67 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter. This is a $0.02 increase and aligns with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. Given our current capital position and strong free capital flow, we are increasing our full year share repurchase expectation to approximately $700 million, $100 million higher than previously expected. Combined with common stock dividends, we now expect to return $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders for the full year. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the Life company and the holding company, and well continue a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. We are committed to maximizing our growth drivers of retirement, global asset management and benefits and protection, which will continue to deliver long-term growth for the enterprise and long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, guys. Good morning. My first question was on real estate. And you mentioned a couple of real estate opportunities that you have some visibility on. I just  I guess my question is, you did $800 million in real estate flows in the quarter. Do you think that type of pace is more reasonable now as we move forward? Or can you give any more color on your expectations there?
Dan Houston: Yeah, Ryan, good morning and thanks for the question. Im going to have Pat respond to that in just a minute here, but I also want to let everyone know that weve invited Kamal Bhatia to join us for our Q&A. Kamal is Global Head of Investments for Principal Asset Management who reports directly to Pat, and will also participate in responding to questions on PGI on earnings calls going forward. So with that, Pat, would you like to take that question, please?
Pat Halter: Yeah. Ryan, thanks for the question. As you highlighted, third quarter, we did have a $800 million net cash flow in real estate. That was from predominantly the institutional marketplace and that was double the prior quarter in terms of net cash flow. To your question, we continue to see an active pipeline and an active opportunity to selectively deploy the $6 billion of committed capital that has not been invested yet in our pipeline as we look forward. And I would expect in the fourth quarter to continue to see a very consistent pace like we saw in the third quarter in terms of real estate net cash flow, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Great, thanks. And then on the two outflows totaling $5 billion that you mentioned, what type of funds or what type of asset classes are those in?
Dan Houston: Please, Pat.
PatHalter: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. As Dan mentioned, we do have two large one-time outflows that we expect to see in the late fourth quarter of 2023 and in the early first quarter of 2024. The first one is a preferred securities mandate, who is with a large client who is merging multiple strategies into one larger sort of a portfolio. The second is a very large large-cap equity mandate with a client that has opted to move to a passive strategy. Just in terms of probably the natural question is, what is the sort of the combined earnings loss impact of these two large mandates? Its approximately $10 million without offsetting any expense adjustments we are considering as we go forward. Weve also taken a look, Ryan, at our just overall portfolio, if there are any other one-time outflows we expect as we look forward into 2024. And we have not noted any other ones at this point in time as we reviewed the overall portfolio in our client base.
Dan Houston: So, Ryan and Pat, the only thing I might add to that on that preferred securities mandate, they took that in-house in spite of very strong performance from our preferred spectrum asset management. So again, it was a tough loss for us, especially considering the strong performance. Next question, operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first for Pat, PGI performance fees were very strong in the third quarter. And if you could just give us some color on what drove that and what your outlook is either over the next quarter or over the next year? Because I would have thought that performance fees would have suffered in this type of an environment, but obviously, the quarterly number was very good.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Jimmy, for the question. Pat?
Pat Halter: Yeah. Jimmy, thanks for the question. As youve heard me in prior comments, we always have a large pipeline of different investments that are at different stages of maturity in terms of harvesting gains or performance fees. And as you can imagine, performance fees are relatively lumpy, depending on market conditions and when we can optimize the actual sort of hopefully alpha generation that we see in the real estate portfolios that were managing. We did have a $22 million gross performance fee in the third quarter. That was in two different transactions. As we look forward, we probably think that the first half of the year where we saw performance fees, which were muted, well probably see that in the fourth quarter. But I would suggest to you that as we look into 2024, if the market conditions provide an opportunity for us. We still have confidence that as weve indicated in past discussions that we should expect performance fees to be in the $30-plus million range which has been a consistent guidance and a consistent realization of where weve seen performance fees, probably in the second half of 2024 versus the first half of 2024, but we continue to believe we have a diverse portfolio of different investment strategies that can be harvested in the future years.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thanks. And then secondly, on RIS net flows in the fee business. You saw some high lapses this quarter. I think you mentioned large cap lapses on the wealth platform you bought. The acquisition happened several years ago. So I would have thought that by now, those short lapses would have been over. But is it part  is it that? Or is it competition? Whats really causing the weak flows in the fee-based business?
Dan Houston: Hey, Jimmy, let me make just a couple of really quick comments before handing it over to Chris. First thing I want to do is, thank Chris for his leadership in advancing our domestic retirement strategy. Its a challenging environment out there. Hes done an amazing job, recruiting talent from the industry and leveraging our existing talent. Our focus still remains on small, mid and large plans. Each one of those have different characteristics that can be volatile. But most importantly, our continued doubling down on our abilities to create a unique TRS solution for defined benefit, defined contribution, ESOP and non-qualified. And certainly, weve seen some volatility in these businesses, but Id like to think that in large part, the integration has taken place and Chris is growing it from here. So Chris, can you please respond?
ChrisLittlefield: No, thanks for the question, Jimmy. I think what you have to keep in mind is that, as a result of the pandemic and some of the market volatility that has probably dampened some of the bid activity, and we certainly have seen an uptick in bid activity across the industry as weve gotten into 23. So I dont think its something thats going to continue to create a lot of pressure. And in fact, we see a very significant and meaningful moderation in contract lapses heading into 24. But yeah, we definitely are working through that. I mean from a perspective of flows, we had a positive quarter, and were starting to see the pickup in sales and transfer deposits. I mean, if you look at 78% increase in transfer deposits in the quarter. SMB was up mid double-digits. All of that is really positive, and we continue to see those trends continue in the fourth quarter. So, I think, yes, we are seeing some lag from more pandemic activity and some of the market volatility that its really hard to move plans when the market is really volatile. So I think thats going to pretty much sort out here over the next quarter or so.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Jimmy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Thanks, good morning. Just for Deanna to start on the assumption review. Any sort of ongoing GAAP impacts that we should expect? And then similarly, is there any sort of either statutory impact from the review or implications for taxes based on that negative item that showed up in the tax rate?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Suneet for the question. From a run rate perspective, it does cause a slight benefit in RIS, a slight pressure in Life, no impact in SPB. I think it is of note though that those would be reflected in the third quarter run rate operating earnings that we gave you on a pre-tax basis. So those have all been kind of factored in. As we move to capital, the tax item did cause a capital hit. And so that was unknown, and we had slightly positive offsetting  modest positive capital impact that offset a portion of that from the AR. But ultimately, those would be the moving pieces. From a tax perspective, no ongoing impact that was a one-time impact that really trued up and reversed some credits that we had taken in previous years. And so no impact as we go forward.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then, I guess, maybe for Amy. On the disability business, we continue to see really good results, not only from you guys, but other companies. And I guess Im just trying to understand or like to understand how quickly you think this strong or these strong results will be sort of factored into pricing? I would imagine that would occur at some point, but I just want to get a sense of, from a timing perspective, what the glide path looks like? Thanks.
DanHouston: Sure. Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Yeah. So let me  Ill give you my perspective on this, Suneet. Its going to vary a bit by kind of the  how your block is made up. But if you have most of your block, which we do in an ability to kind of annually rerate. I think that those  the reratable nature of that business is going to mean that we pass on that good performance relatively quickly. I will say were pretty committed to making sure that when weve got good performance, were putting that back into our rates. We know that, thats good for our customers. We know more income protection products out there in the industry and in the economy or good for the economy. And we know that its good for our future growth rates if we continue to put that in. So what I would say though is, it does take a little bit of time for that to catch up. You do some things differently with your in-force block versus your new business pricing. So I would guess as we come out through 23 and into 2024, you would still see even us slowly kind of moving that into our in-force or new case pricing. But it will  I mean in a well-run business, it will get back into pricing so that it can benefit the growth of the whole industry. The other point I would say, though, is that, you do  it does matter the composition of your block. So for example, our block is about 70% what we would consider knowledge workers. So those knowledge workers are going to have really great options in terms of when you think of claims recovery in terms of hybrid or remote working options. So if youve got more of your block of business in those knowledge industries, your ability to consistently move that into your block, the benefits of that into your pricing and into your results are going to be higher than if you have a lot more in like retail or manufacturing sectors. So the composition of your block matters, the reratable nature whether youve locked in multiyear rate guarantees matters, and its going to factor into everybodys ability to grow.
Dan Houston: That helps, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: It does. Thank you so much.
Dan Houston: Appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Alex Scott: Hi. I wanted to see if you could talk a bit about the margins and just the sustainability of margins that are running at a pretty nice level just partly probably driven by the recovery in some AUM over the last couple of quarters or a few quarters. And how should we think about your ability to hold on to some of that and kind of keep the flexibility versus some of the pressures from inflation, obviously, ongoing and so forth. Any way to think through that in terms of the more short-term targets that you guys communicated?
DanHouston: Yeah, Alex, it was a little garbled there towards the end. But certainly, I appreciate the question around margins, our ability to maintain those margins. And the first thing Ill say before handing it over to Deanna is, we have an ongoing vigilance around aligning our expenses with our revenues to make sure that were protecting margin for our investors. In extreme markets, its more challenging. But again, we do try to anticipate this to some degree and to make sure that we are again, being focused appropriately on growing our businesses and making the appropriate investments while at the same time taking out unnecessary expenses. So Deanna, maybe you can sort of anticipate frame the margins on a go-forward basis.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Ill frame it in total. And then Alex, if you have some specific businesses that you want to go into a little bit deeper, you can bring that up and we can pass on to the appropriate President. It was a very strong margin quarter across almost all of our businesses. Id say we obviously were benefiting relative to outlook from some of the early in the year market strength. And as you know, some of that did retreat as we went through the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. The other thing I would say is that, we did mention on the prepared remarks that we do have some seasonality in our expenses. We do expect that to be less than typical, but you will see some impact on fourth quarter margins from that as well. That does impact all businesses with a slightly larger impact in our retirement business. But I think the good news is bringing us back to the full year, we do still feel really good about our targeted margins. And ultimately, we will be laying out kind of our expectations for 2024 in the February outlook call. But we continue to be very targeted and focused on maintaining those margins and doing what we need to do to keep us in those levels.
Dan Houston: You have a follow-up, Alex?
Alex Scott: Yeah. The follow-up I had is on PGI. I wanted to ask about just the broad industry pressure that active asset management is facing. And what are the strategies that you all are deploying to be able to sort of resist some of those pressures? And anything nuance that youre working on there to help flows?
Dan Houston: Well, one thing we all know, Alex, is, theres no shortage of challenges out there in terms of geopolitical risk and economic volatility and extreme interest rates and certainly inflation. And I think the right person to tackle this one is Kamal. So Kamal, do you want to provide some insights, please?
Kamal Bhatia: Sure. Thanks, Dan. Thanks, Alex. Yeah. Ill give you a perspective, Alex, on where we see client engagement and client sentiment, because thats the best measure of where we see the industry going. I would probably highlight for you two dimensions here. One, I think, as Dan talked about, most investors have been very well rewarded and theyve been smart, particularly when it comes to achieving their goals by taking less risk and focusing on coupon yields. As you know, we are getting a lot of interest on our specialty income capabilities. And the reason we are seeing more and more of that recently is, because a lot of investors are now focusing on total return solutions rather than simply looking at the coupon yield. Most of these institutions and including some of our wealth management partners really realize that we are probably at an early dawn of a long cycle with a total return capability would probably benefit them, and that is certainly something we have great performance and great capability on. The second piece, as youve seen is, we continue to do extremely well in our real estate franchise, but we tend to have a lot more conversations on private markets. And one of the things thats driving that continued engagement and our confidence in future success is, we have some very, very long tenured strategic relationships. And as we go through this market cycle where there is a desire to work with partners that have experienced through transition and discovery, Principal Asset Management is well positioned and there are a couple of reasons for it. One is, we have this amazing capability to work across public and private markets, which is important during these times. We also have a true understanding between debt and equity, and we can offer a full service solution to them. And I would highlight that we have had a continuing excellent culture of client service with some of these large relationships that continues to benefit us. So as you highlighted, the active management space is stressed, but we do have some capabilities that give us high confidence from that perspective.
Dan Houston: That help, Alex?
Alex Scott: Yeah. Thank you for all the detail.
Dan Houston: Appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Could you discuss the favorable impact of mortality on the pension risk transfer business in the quarter? And whether this is something you would expect to continue?
Dan Houston: Yeah. And Ill have Deanna take that one. Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So obviously, over the past few years, we went through the COVID, where we did see some benefit of mortality. But ultimately, as we do every third quarter, we step back and we look at all of our actuarial assumptions and make sure that we are reflecting that in our reserve levels. New this year under LDTI is the fact that this annual actuarial review also applies to FAS 60 products, which includes our pension risk transfer products. And so again, that wouldnt have been something we would have reflected historically in our AAR, but now are reflecting that. One of the things that we have seen is that, ultimately, we are not seeing the expected mortality improvement that we had factored into our assumptions. And so we trued that up and ultimately then increase the mortality expectations on those PRT lives. And that led to that slightly over $50 million benefit in the PRT. We arent changing our future mortality assumptions. There is a slight benefit in the run rate expectations for AAR, but that was really the driver of what happens.
Wilma Burdis: Okay, thank you [technical difficulty]. And then the adjusted benefit ratio in Specialty Benefits was 58%, which was better than your targets and improved 4 points year-over-year. It sounds like the group disability could continue to outperform in the near-term, but could you go into the other drivers and what we should expect in the coming quarters?
Dan Houston: Excellent. Thanks, Wilma. Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. So, Wilma, as youve noted, the group disability one is probably one of the bigger drivers thats giving us that overall result. And again, as weve talked a little bit about, some of that will continue. I do think that third quarter is not repeatable in terms of when you adjust out the AAR, youre looking at that almost 46% loss ratio. Thats not something that will continue, but we will see some improvement from those historical levels. The other piece I would say is Group Life, is continuing to perform really, really well. I made a point in an earlier question to talk a little bit about our focus on those knowledge industries, I do think that tends to have a little bit of impact in Group Life as well. So the type of business that youve built over time and the type of patterns you see against that business really do matter. And so, I would expect Group Life to continue to perform pretty well. Dental has been one that we have been seeing a little bit more utilization and severity over the last year, year and a half since COVID. Its been one of those were trying to kind of find that next normal pattern. I do see it beginning to kind of slowly return to those patterns that we used to see prior to COVID, were always willing to make some modest pricing adjustments to make sure were continuing to be good stewards of that line of business. But I would expect to see that to continue to have probably even a little bit better performance than we saw in the trailing 12-month number from that. And then our supplemental health line, I would continue to expect to see the type of performance that weve seen from that in the past and then individual disability could also see some of those benefits weve talked about, but I would continue to see it performing consistent with some of those historical levels.
Dan Houston: Hopefully, that helps, Wilma.
Wilma Burdis: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Wesley Carmichael with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Wesley Carmichael: Hey, good morning. So last quarter, I think you talked about you expected variable investment income to be a little bit below normal levels for the remainder of 2023. And are you still expecting that into the fourth quarter? And maybe just if you think that could persist in 2024 or when you expect that to turn around?
Dan Houston: Thank you, Wes. Ill have Deanna take that one.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think when you look at 3Q relative to what we saw in first quarter and second quarter. The real improvement came because we did see some real estate sales in the quarter that then transferred into that variable investment income. As I look forward to the fourth quarter, I think you probably  it is hard to predict, especially given the volatile market that we have. But probably expect to see fourth quarter be closer to 1Q and 2Q levels as we sit here today. For 2024, Ill defer to more detail on the February outlook call. But I do think it is obvious to understand that as the interest rates continue at this high level, were going to continue to see ongoing pressure from prepays. And its really the other alts and the real estate that can be volatile quarter-to-quarter.
Wes Carmichael: Yeah, thanks. And maybe as a follow-up. In the Individual Life business, it seems like that maybe came in a little bit below your expectations, maybe even for the last couple of quarters or so. So just wondering if there is an impact related to mortality or whats driving a little bit of the pressure there?
Dan Houston: Yeah. The only thing I just want to say before Amy delves into this is, what an outstanding job she and her team have done in pivoting from that retail franchise with the divested businesses, the reinsurance agreements. And there is going to be a little volatility there, but the business owner executive solutions and NQ business has really been powerful for the organization and really complementary to the entire platform. But Amy, you want to take on the loss ratios here?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Dan, youve hit one of the points I would make about that is that, I would say that Life business sort of refocus has been meeting or exceeding our expectations in terms of getting ourselves focused on those business owner, really meaningful business owner relationships, about 50% of the business that we do in non-qualified in any given quarter is going to be tied into the Life Insurance business now. And when we look at those business owner offerings, they tend to not only purchase Life Insurance products, but they tend to deepen the relationship across our retirement and asset management franchise as well. And so those are really nice small business relationships for us to be building. Youve hit the point in terms of the question, which is, there have been some things in the last couple of quarters in terms of mortality that weve seen a little bit more. Its not on the incident side. Were not seeing the number of claims, but the severity has been running a little bit hotter than weve seen historically, but that really does attribute the whole difference. That is the severity.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Wes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Tom Gallagher: A few questions on RIS for me. Dan, you would highlighted you expected net outflows in RIS in Q4. And I think part of that is just seasonal, the way the business works. Now, last year you guys had outsized, I think it was $7 billion of outflows in Q4. I just want to make sure were all level set here. Would you expect another outsized quarter directionally similar to $7 billion or just more down, something a lot better than that, still outflows, but not some of the unusual large jumbo outflows.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Tom, I appreciate the question. Ill have Chris take that one on.
ChrisLittlefield: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So again, as we see in the third quarter, were seeing really good quality pipeline and well positioned for a strong double-digit growth in sales and transfer deposit growth across SMBs and large throughout the full year. But as Dan mentioned, we do expect to see some elevated loss activity. I think the hard part about the fourth quarter is, its really difficult to predict, Tom, its an active quarter for plan transitions and plan lineup changes. And youre going to plans transition move from December to January. So its really hard for us to give a lot of clear guidance on that. But we expect it to be negative, but we do expect it to be less negative than the year ago. Both in terms of dollars and in terms of the withdrawal percentages. So again, that would give you some directional view. As we continue to look forward into the fourth quarter and first quarter, we continue to see strong transfer deposits, solid recurring deposit growth and a meaningful moderation in our contract lapse rate, all consistent with how were really managing the business, which is for profitable growth. And despite all of this activity, we expect to be within our guidance range for revenue for the full year and in the upper half of margin for the full year. So we had some pressure, but certainly dont see as much as we did a year ago.
Dan Houston: Did that help, Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thats helpful, Chris and Dan. Thanks. My follow-up is, just on a fee question on RIS. If I  the calculation Im doing is probably overly simplified, but if I look at the average increase in monthly assets, its 3% to 4%, and you should have gotten an extra fee day in Q3. And then I look at essentially flat fees for the quarter and Q3 versus 2Q that would suggest, I would say, somewhat higher-than-normal fee compression or fee pressure. Is there  are you seeing more fee pressure than normal? Or is there maybe something with the calculation that we need to adjust? Thanks.
Chris Littlefield: No. Thanks, Tom. No, again, I think throughout the year, weve definitely benefited from equity markets thats pushed our fee rate around 40 bps the last few quarters. But as were seeing the compression  metering in line with our guidance. Weve historically guided that we expect fee compression annually to be at sort of the 2 to 3 bps reduction a year, which is driven by competitive market dynamics, both acquiring new business, retaining existing customers, having higher price plans, lapse versus and newer ones coming in at lower fee rates. So thats the compression that we sort of put in that 2 bps to 3 bps a year reduction. This year  this quarter, it was about 2 bps versus a year ago. So thats what youre seeing. And while the fee revenue rate is down a bit, keep in mind that how we manage this business, we also have lower expenses, and were delivering higher margins, consistent with how were really managing this business for the future.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Chris, the only thing I might add to that list is also the investment management shift. So to the extent theres more money that goes to a passive option as opposed to active, youre going to see a negative impact on the revenues as well.
Tom Gallagher: That makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Dan Houston: Appreciate it, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Your office CML LTV albeit 63%, but its worse than 57% last quarter. I feel like office pressures will take time to materialize. How do you see your office CML LTV trending going forward? Is it too simplistic to think about low-to-mid single-digit deterioration every quarter? Im just wondering if theres a certain level where you feel less comfortable?
Dan Houston: Pat, any insights here?
Pat Halter: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Tracy. So as Deanna mentioned, we actually do rewriting on our office portfolio on a quarterly basis. And just a reminder, again, we have about $3.1 billion worth of office in our general account. Thats a 57% loan-to-value, 2.6 times debt service coverage. Its 89% occupied. 75% of buildings we consider to be Class A, really strong, high-quality buildings, sort of A quality in terms of our sort of expectation on the rating performance. But we do every quarter, an analysis of the cash flow streams of each office property, the terminal cap rates, the discount rates that we want to apply to come up with a valuation. I think one of the things that I really think is important that weve been very aggressive on adjusting our cap rates on a quarter-to-quarter basis to make sure were staying abreast of what were hearing, what were seeing in terms of investor expectations in terms of where trades are being consummated in the marketplace. And Ill suggest you that our cap rates continue to be significantly conservative relative to NATREF, which is the index that most institutional investors look at in the private market space. And our cap rates for office are 17% higher. So were very conservative relative to where NATREF cap rates are and those NATREF cap rates just came out of the last day. And so we continue to be very thoughtful about market conditions reflecting those market conditions in our quarterly assessments. And so we want to make sure were giving you real-time data and real-time expectations as to where we see those debt service coverage and loan-to-values. Does that help, Tracy?
Tracy Benguigui: No, it helps for sure, because it feels like then your LTV is probably more realistic and less scale than maybe what others report given that diligence. But just wondering where that 63% could go from here if I look at the next few quarters.
Deanna Strable: Well, Tracy, Im not sure what  where the 63% is. I actually think thats the loan-to-value on our 24 maturities. So the actual total office portfolio is what Pat mentioned as is 57%. And then the other thing I would make note of on the 24 maturities is even though the LTV is 63%, the debt service coverage is 3.8%, and we have a 94% occupancy. So ultimately, for those loans that are maturing in 24, we feel good that those are attractive loans that will be maturing next year.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. Were seeing traditional Life and annuity insurers borrowing a page from the playbook of alternative asset managers and theyre creating these side cars in Bermuda by making an equity stake alongside consortium of investors as a way to accumulate assets and earn fee income. Im wondering what your thoughts are given you do have large asset management capabilities.
Dan Houston: Yeah. It really came in garbled, Tracy, on your question, but I believe its whether or not theres an offshore solution that would help in capital relief for some of our spread businesses. Deanna, do you want to frame that for us?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Tracy, good question. We always evaluate opportunities to create value for our customers and opportunities and look at what our competitors are doing relative to that. We have been exploring whether we should set up a Bermuda entity specifically focused on PRT and term, our focus will be on new sales as we go forward. And we wont  we arent considering a sidecar arrangement relative to that. One, given the size of our portfolio, the size of our new sales and our ability to manage that in-house relative to that. So therell be more to come on that as we go forward, but I always want to be mindful to make sure that we are being as capital efficient as we can in creating value for our shareholders.
Dan Houston: Right, thank you.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you. So the timing of the $0.02 dividend rate also comes in concert with a $100 million increase to the buyback expectations. It seems that you were a bit surprised by just how much cash flow youre generating. To what extent are you  is that a number that should generally be forecastable for you over time? And can you go through some of the history when you did the Talcott deal about how much it reduced your cash flow by and when you recover to the levels where youre going to be raising dividends again?
Dan Houston: Yeah. So its a good question. The first thing I would say is, you have to look at the last two years for Principal and know that forecasting some of these has been challenging, given some of the changes that weve made, we do have a very strong capital position. We anticipated that in the post-strategic review when we were doing our analysis. We wanted to use a fair amount of judgment of not having perfect clarity to what this might look like. But as we said during the strategic reviews outcome, were committed to returning capital through both share buyback through increased dividends and targeting our 40% payout ratio, but also investing in these organic businesses, knowing that most of those businesses deployments would be in our fee businesses. And having said that, we still look for opportunities in spread where its appropriate. But Ill have Deanna add some additional comments.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Josh for the question. We came out of the strategic review and really committed to that 75% to 85% free cash flow ratio, and we managed to make sure that were within that. We were happy to be able to raise our dividend $0.01 last quarter and $0.02 this quarter. And as youre aware, that has been on pause since our strategic review as we wanted to understand the impact on our earnings level. And then, as you know, also in 2022, the markets were pretty negative. And so we needed to understand how we could get through that as well. We did have a few one-timers in the quarter that did help our free capital flow. They netted to about $100 million positive impact. The two most notable one is the admittance of the negative IMR, but that was partially offset by the AAR tax impact that we talked about. And so again, I feel really good about the ability to increase our common stock dividend, increase our share buyback expectations and put us on track for a $1.3 billion of capital return to our shareholders for the full year of 2023. I dont think what were seeing this year is an anomaly and ultimately still stay focused on that 75% to 85% free cash flow conversion.
Joshua Shanker: And if I think a lot of times people think that equity markets or equity businesses compounded a 7% to 8% annual compounding rate. If I apply that to growing your cash flow, I assume you dont think youre going to be worse than. I know things dont move in a straight line, but its not unreasonable, I guess, to think about that in most quarters, we should see a dividend hike if things are working the way you hope they will. Is that a wrong way to think about things?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I mean, obviously, the markets can have some fluctuation on that. But I think you can even go back to prior to the transaction and look at our trend of dividend increases. And we did have a consistent pattern of increases. The other thing I would say is, we have high-growth operations in our Specialty Benefits business. We have high-growth expectations in our international business. And I come back to the fact that we have  we think we can deliver 9% to 12% EPS growth. That wont always be at that level. There will be some years where its slightly lower, some years where you might benefit more from macro. But again, I come back to strong free cash flow. We are committed to being a growing company, and we are committed to returning that growth back to our shareholders. And ultimately, in pressured time because of our diversified model relative to pure asset managers, were actually able to have consistent dividends versus a lot of volatility. So, I like the pattern and the consistency. And as you say, over the long-term, youre right, we should be able to increase that dividend and return to our shareholders.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the question, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Im going to apologize. It sounds like we may have a bad line here. All these questions didnt come in perfectly clear today. But just a reminder on something Humphrey had mentioned, which is, we will have a combined earnings call in 2024 on February the 13th. It will also include the outlook at that point in time. Theres no shortage of macroeconomic and geopolitical risk out there today. It remains top of mind for us as we continue to keep our customers in line of sight, our individual employer and institutional customers. We want to continue to align our expenses with our revenues, while also investing and innovating to better meet the needs of our customers. The bottom line, I still remain very optimistic about our ability to create value for our customers and shareholders on a go-forward basis. Appreciate your time today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer session after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the conference over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our Web site at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Others available for Q&A include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, Benefits and Protection.  Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation.  Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share key aspects of our second quarter financial results and some notable performance highlights. Deanna will follow with additional details and an update on our current financial and capital position. Our leading position in the US small to midsize business market contributed to healthy growth across our benefits and protection and retirement businesses. Across the enterprise, we continue to balance investing for growth in our business with disciplined expense management and favorable 2023 equity market performance is starting to benefit revenue in our fee based businesses. Starting on Slide 3, we reported $376 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.53 per diluted share in the second quarter, excluding significant variances, earnings per share increased 4% over the second quarter of 2022. Our second quarter results highlight our focus on our growth drivers, the power of our integrated offerings and the value of our differentiated distribution and joint venture partnerships and our deep customer relationships. During the quarter, we delivered on our capital deployment strategy, investing for growth in our business and returning $255 million of excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases and common stock dividends. Our business has generated strong free capital flow in the quarter and we are on track to deliver on our targeted 75% to 85% for the full year. We ended the quarter with nearly $675 billion of total company managed AUM, a 2% increase from the first quarter. Improved market performance and positive impacts from foreign currency more than offset a negative $3.9 billion of net cash flow. Across the industry, active asset managers were challenged by net outflows in the quarter. While our real estate net cash flow was positive in the quarter and year-to-date and was pressured relative to prior periods. Looking ahead, we are beginning to see greater opportunities to deploy new money into real estate marketplace. We have a real estate pipeline of approximately $7 billion of committed yet unfunded mandates that are expected to be invested over the next 12 to 18 months as valuations and market conditions stabilize. The third quarter is off to a good start for global asset management as we are seeing momentum build across high yield and core fixed income, specialty equity strategies, local solutions in our international markets and select real estate property types such as data centers. We are well positioned to capture net cash flow across our platform as investor appetite for risk assets, returns and our yield oriented capabilities become attractive again as we approach the end of the Fed rate hike cycle. As shown on Slide 4, investment performance improved significantly across our Morningstar rated funds and composites, including our fixed income, asset allocation and actively managed equity strategies. We're continuing to create new products and diversify across investment vehicles. We are bringing to market new ETFs that offer investors additional ways to access some of our most popular solutions. In mid-July, we launched the Focused Blue Chip ETF to offer investors another way to access our large cap strategy, which has generated strong long term returns for our investors. We also launched a new equity strategy with our asset management joint venture, CCB Principal Asset Management. This strategy offers investors an offshore opportunity to invest in the new energy industry in China, including renewable power, electrical equipment, energy storage and electric vehicles. We are working through the final regulatory stages to make the UCITS fund available across much of Asia. With this positive momentum and recovery in our investment performance, we're optimistic for asset management net cash flow in the second half of the year. In Principal International, total AUM increased 4% and to $174 billion during the quarter, primarily driven by favorable market performance and foreign currency translation. I've had the opportunity to engage in person with many of our long-standing global joint venture partners in the first half of the year. We have established deep relationships combining our global expertise with their market leading distribution capabilities. I have great confidence in the differentiated value of these relationships to continue to enable preferred access to global high growth markets. Across US Retirement and Benefits and Protection, revenue is benefiting from strong employment market, especially within the small to mid-sized business segment, though we are seeing moderation in employment growth from record highs, wage growth has accelerated. These employment trends, coupled with strong sales retention are contributing to our continued above market premium and fee growth in Specialty Benefits, which increased 8% over the second quarter of 2022. Capitalizing on opportunities, we launched a Hospital Indemnity insurance product in the second quarter. This product complements our existing core workplace benefits, rounds out the voluntary products portfolio and will further drive supplemental health growth within Specialty Benefits. In Retirement, net cash flow was pressured in the second quarter due to an uptick in large plan lapses. Large plan sales and lapses fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and can have a significant impact on net cash flow, but they generally have a lower overall impact on revenue for our Retirement business. Looking at the SMB segment within retirement, net cash flow was a positive $265 million, driven by a 16% increase in transfer deposits and a 9% increase in reoccurring deposits, stronger results than the overall block compared to the year ago quarter. We expect retirement sales to pick up in the second half of the year with strong full year growth across the SMB and large plan segments. We remain focused on driving profitable growth in RIS leveraging our leading market position and full suite of retirement solutions. We continue to expect to be within our net revenue growth and margin guidance for the full year. Bottom line, we are excited about the growth opportunities across the enterprise. I'm confident that our focus on the high growth markets, combined with our differentiated product suite and distinct set of distribution partnerships, will continue to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share the key contributors to financial performance for the quarter, details of our current financial and capital position and an update on our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. Our second quarter results demonstrate the strength and resiliency of our diversified business model. Despite real estate-related market pressures on a number of key metrics, including total company variable investment income, as well as PGI net cash flow and revenue, we're starting to see signs of recovery and positive momentum in real estate in the broader investor market. Reported net income was $389 million in the second quarter. Excluding income from exited businesses, net income was $325 million with manageable credit losses of $37 million. Credit drift was a positive $5 million in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, credit drift has been a slight benefit to capital. We still feel good about our full year expectations for credit drift and losses despite the banking sector challenges earlier this year. Excluding significant variances, second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $415 million or $1.69 per diluted share. As detailed on Slide 12, significant variances had a net negative impact on our second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings of $53 million pretax, $39 million after tax and $0.16 per diluted share. The significant variances included lower than expected variable investment income in RIS, Principal International and Benefits and Protection as well as unfavorable impacts in Principal International from inflation and noneconomic LDTI discount rate impacts. Variable investment income was positive in total for the quarter and at a similar level as the first quarter. Prepayment fees and real estate sales were immaterial, causing VII in total to be lower than our run rate expectation. Macroeconomics were generally favorable in the second quarter as the S&P 500 daily average increased 5% from the first quarter and 2% from the second quarter of 2022. The benefit to our fee based businesses from this positive performance was partially offset by a decline in daily averages for small cap, mid-cap and international equities as well as fixed income. Foreign exchange rates were a modest tailwind on a quarterly basis relative to the first quarter and the second quarter of 2022, but remain a meaningful headwind of $12 million pretax on a trailing 12 month basis. We continue to focus on managing expenses with pressured fee revenue across the enterprise. Through these efforts, compensation and other expenses have decreased at the enterprise level compared to a year ago despite inflationary pressures on salary levels and other expenses. As a reminder, comparisons to a year ago are impacted by the reinsurance transactions that closed in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding significant variances, revenue growth and margins across the businesses were in line with our second quarter expectations and within our guidance ranges with the exception of PGI revenue growth. Compared to a year ago, PGI performance fees and transaction and borrower fees were down approximately $50 million on a gross basis, pressuring revenue, margin and pretax operating earnings. This decrease was anticipated in our full year guidance ranges. PGI's quarterly margin of 35% was within our 34% to 37% guided range and improved from the seasonally low first quarter. Specialty Benefits pretax operating earnings, excluding significant variances, increased 29% over the year ago quarter, fueled by growth in the business, including an 8% increase in premium and fees and improved loss ratios driven by strong underwriting and disability and group life. Turning to capital and liquidity, we remain in a strong financial position. We ended the second quarter with $1.2 billion of excess and available capital, including approximately $800 million at the holding company, which is at our targeted level, $340 million in our subsidiaries and $100 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk based capital ratio. We returned $255 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including $100 million of share repurchases and $155 million of common stock dividends and we retired $700 million of long term debt during the quarter using the proceeds from issuances in the first quarter. As expected, we generated strong free capital flow in the second quarter and remain focused on 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion for the full year. Last night, we announced a $0.65 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter. This is a $0.01 increase and is in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company, and we'll continue pursuing a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. As shown on Slide 5, our investment portfolio remains high quality, aligned with our liability profile and well positioned for a variety of economic conditions. Specific to our real estate portfolio, it is high quality and positioned well to withstand potential economic stress. We revalued the portfolio again in the second quarter, reflecting the most recent cash flows and other underlying data. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio remains healthy. The current average loan to value is low at 47% and debt service coverage ratio is strong at 2.5 times. This is relatively unchanged from the first quarter and significantly improved from 2008 levels. Turning to our office exposure within the CML portfolio, it is geographically diverse and high quality. 100% of the year-to-date 2023 maturities have been paid off and we are confident in the outcome of the remaining four office loans maturing in 2023. Throughout 2023, we are actively revaluing the entire office portfolio each quarter. As of the second quarter, we have cumulatively reduced the portfolio valuation by 25% from the peak. Our current valuation is approximately 23% below the implied index value, highlighting our conservative approach relative to the broader market. The current loan to value on our office portfolio increased slightly to 57% as we further reduce valuations, while the debt service coverage ratio improved to 2.6 times. We have the experience and a long established track record of navigating real estate cycles. We are confident in the quality of our real estate portfolio and remain diligent in monitoring it and proactive in servicing it. It is high quality, well diversified and a good fit for our liability profile. We continue to be focused on maximizing our growth drivers of retirement, global asset management and benefits and protection, which will continue to deliver long term growth for the enterprise and long term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start with RIS fee. If I think -- if my notes are right, I mean, I think this is the third quarter in a row where we've seen some large case outflows. And I get that these sometimes are low fee. But just wondering, is there something common about these outflows that we've seen over the past three quarters in terms of the type of cases or where it's going? Just some additional color on that and what the outlook is for large case flows kind of going forward?
Dan Houston: Yes. Good morning, Suneet, really appreciate the call or the question, and I'll have Chris get right into it.
Chris Littlefield: I think there's a wide range. I think as we expressed in the prior quarters, one of the -- they were limited to a couple of large ones. One was a decision that we have made with respect to whether it was a good fit for our business and the other was a choice by the plan sponsor. And so when you look at the reasons for the lapses in the large case, you just see a lot of volatility in the activity and a lot of reasons for the lopses. We see M&A activity that's impacting it. We're seeing a difference in the experience following the transition onto the platform, a reluctance to make changes to make the plan more streamlined or a change in pricing. So there's a wide range of reasons why these lapses are occurring. And so we certainly have seen the increase in large case lapses, that has really been offset by continued strength on the SMB side. So I don't want to lose the fact that we see much -- great resilience there with recurring deposits up 9% and transfer deposits up 16%. And I think the other thing you're seeing in the first half of the year, you're seeing a little bit of timing activity. I think as Dan pointed out, we see really good momentum heading into the second half, again, speaking to some of that volatility of large case activity. And so I think we sit really in a good position there. And while we -- I mean when we think about the pipeline, we have a healthy pipeline, increase our activity. RFP activity, we see strong sales growth for the full year across SMB and large. But there is that volatility in large plan activity. And we do expect some additional pressure on that lapse activity in the second half. It's really difficult to give you an outlook because, as you know, the second half is a very active period of time for plan change activity. And so it's really difficult and you can have things that you think are going to transition in December and move to January. So it's really hard to predict. But again, we will see strong growth for the full year across SMB and large but we do see some additional pressure in lapses.
Suneet Kamath: And then my second question is just on PGI, I guess, would love a little bit more perspective on your confidence in terms of flows improving in the second half. Maybe a read on what you're seeing so far early in the third quarter. And sort of relatedly, we have noted that the fee rate has been kind of coming down over time. And just curious if that trend -- do you expect that trend to persist going forward or should we expect that to sort of inflect?
Dan Houston: One thing we know for sure, Suneet, is in that wealth management, retail space, there's a lot of money that's gone to the sidelines on money market and bank deposits. And yet as we look through there and look at some of our asset management capabilities that we discussed in our earlier comments -- prepared comments, we do feel really good about the second half of the year. But with that, I'll have Pat respond accordingly.
Pat Halter: As Dan mentioned, we are very constructive on the second half of this year in terms of our outlook relative to net cash flow. As you can imagine, the market tone has very much improved. We're starting to see momentum in terms of capital raising and that's playing into our strong capabilities and the sort of suite of capabilities that we can offer in a marketplace that now has a little more of a flow toward risk on assets. Let me start off with just some of our capabilities and where I see our capabilities relative to meeting those sort of growing flows. First is in real estate. As you know, we've had a very strong, I think, sort of capability in real estate. And that's really starting to see some increasing activity as the market start to get to a better place in terms of valuations. As Dan highlighted, we have a $7 billion unfunded committed capital position in real estate now, so we're well positioned to take advantage of the markets as they develop. And you probably will see us increasing our net cash flow reporting in the second half of the year as a regard of that. And there's probably three areas you're going to see. The first one is probably in our increased activity in terms of acquisitions. We actually are pursuing a very large portfolio as we speak in terms of an acquisition. That should create, I think, a very strong net cash flow in the second half of the year. You're also seeing because we are a very strong sort of high performing manager in real estate. We're actually seeing takeover existing portfolios from poor performing managers. We think that's a new area for us in terms of potential net cash flow. And then the third is just our normal increase in activities from funding of our institutional funds and institution investors are starting to get back engaged in the marketplace again. So very positive and constructive on that front, and not just in the US but in Europe and also in terms of some of the activity now that we have developed in terms of China with our joint venture in China with CCB, and that's in the industrial space. On the public market, Suneet, really, the investment performance that Dan highlighted has given us greater confidence that, again, obviously public asset classes, equities and fixed income, but theres favorable market sentiment that's developing. And we're always seeing this in terms of positive net cash flow in July. But we're seeing money deployed into things like [Aligned] our mid-cap strategy, we're positive about that, in our income specialty capabilities like high yield, we're seeing, I think, positive activity there. So I think the results should be less muted sort redemptions, increase in sales, in our mutual funds and hopefully in our SMA strategy going forward. And then I think we're constructive on that also. PI is actually off to a good start also both in Southeast Asia and in Latin America, particularly Brazil. So I think the second half of the year, if the markets continue to behave relatively well, we are constructive on growth and I think we have some early indicators that we should be constructive on growth. Relative to your second question, Suneet, in terms of base management fees, I think one of the things that we're very proud of is to manage to that 29 basis point base management fee that we've had for many years, frankly. Obviously, as you highlighted, its dipped a little bit to 28.4 basis points. I think that's somewhat due to the quarterly decrease in the flows we had in the second quarter, and that's driven by the mix of business as net cash flows were leaving at higher rates of return than our average block and that's why you saw that diminution in the 29% to 28.4%. But as I kind of think about the trailing 12 months and then I look forward, trailing 12 months have been strong at 28.9%. And as I just highlighted in terms of constructive outlook relative to the activity for the second half of the year, back half of the year, we do think we can improve that 28.4% back to the 29% range and that's our expectation as we look forward into the second half of the year, particularly if the equity markets continue to stay where they're at and we continue to see the mix of assets that we think we can garner and the net cash flow discussion has provided to you, Suneet.
Dan Houston: Just one comment I want to follow up on with regards to Chris' explanation when he said M&A just for those less informed on this. In the SMB market, there's not a lot of M&A in the large case market, there does tend to be a lot of that. A lot of times, these are publicly traded companies or large private companies. And when the much larger plan comes in and acquires that smaller organization, we could be the smaller organization, oftentimes, it goes to the acquiring company and there was a fair amount of that activity and that's probably a new narrative for us as we've had more large -- as our large plan market has grown at principle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow-up on real estate. Just I guess, level set, can you give us some perspective on what your real estate flows were in the first half of the year? I think they're included in the alternatives line that you provide, but I'm not sure if there's other impacts in there as well.
Dan Houston: Yes, that's exactly right.
Pat Halter: So Ryan, in terms of the flows in the first half of the year, they were muted relative to our historical sort of flow analysis. And I would suggest to you that that will change in the second half of the year, as I highlighted in my comments. Those flows were in the $450 million range relative to the net cash flows. If you look historically over the last five, six years, we've averaged about $3 billion a year in net cash flow. And I'm anticipating that we could be looking at something along what we typically have had as I think about the full year in 2023. And I hope that gives you a little bit of indication of our constructive view of our second half of the year.
Ryan Krueger: And then on buybacks, they came down a little bit in the quarter, and I recognize there was a lot of market volatility probably earlier in the quarter. So just hoping to get a little more perspective on if you may ramp up back a little bit more versus the second quarter level in the second half of the year?
Dan Houston: And we have full intentions on delivering on our full year outlook, but I'll have Deanna provide some additional context on the quarter.
Deanna Strable: Ryan, where you ended there is exactly right. Obviously, early in the quarter, we were all seeing heightened credit and macro concerns driven by the banking and the real estate cycles. And obviously, even though we felt confident on our full year free cash flow, we wanted to be prudent as we saw those concerns play out. I think if you look at our excess capital roll forward that does point to strong free cash flow. It also points to the fact that we do still have that. And so again, it's much more of a timing issue than it is any issue with our capital levels or free capital flow outlook for the rest of the year. So I'd heighten back to what I talked about last year. I think we still feel that approximately $600 million of buybacks for the full year is a good range. And if you then take into account what we've done, that does point to slightly higher buybacks in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Just a question on variable investment income. Pat, just listening to what you're saying about real estate pipeline and how you expect more of those flows to be coming through. I'm curious if we should also take that to mean transaction activity on your owned real estate might start picking back up again and could drive better variable investment income returns. Curious what you're thinking there for the back half of the year, would you still expect VII to be below plan or do you think the clouds might be lifting here a bit?
Dan Houston: Yes, I'll tell you what, I think I'll have Deanna respond accordingly on that one.
Deanna Strable: Just a couple of comments there, and then I'll have Pat add some color. I actually think we'll see inflows into real estate before we see transaction volume in real estate. So I think our outlook would probably still see some muted results in variable investment income due to real estate sales in the second half of the year. What we've seen thus far in VII, very similar results in the first quarter and second quarter, virtually no prepays, virtually no real estate sales, but actually pretty strong and in line returns from our all portfolio. And I think what you would say is it is hard to forecast. Maybe towards the end of the year, we might see some transactions. But again, that might also roll into early '24 as well. So probably our best guess right now is that third and fourth quarter VII would be similar to what we saw in the first half of the year. But Pat, any thoughts on transactions?
Pat Halter: I just mentioned, Tom, that I think, as you know, we have a pipeline of opportunities in terms of investments that we're developing. And those usually are sort of the merchant build program that allows for variable investment income to be generated in the future. And my anticipation, you'll start to see more of that in 2024 than in 2023. But there is a pipeline out there and we're obviously harvesting that pipeline for the right time to sort of to optimize that. But my guess, Tom, would be more 2024 than the next two quarters.
Tom Gallagher: And then my follow-up is, I guess, for Chris or Dan, just curious about bigger picture competitive landscape within 401(k) and large case. Are you seeing -- when you're losing these cases, is it mainly going to large asset managers, is it insurance companies? And I heard you mention that's partly just driven by M&A. But just curious what's happening on pricing, like are you noticing any more aggressive pricing, is it the same? Just any color on what you're seeing competitively would be helpful.
Dan Houston: Tom, as you very well know, this has been and continues to be a competitive marketplace. We actually differentiate ourselves in leveraging our TRS capabilities, and you see that through the nonqualified deferred compensation growth, you see that through ESOP and our ability to attract these large DB plans as well. As Chris framed earlier, it is M&A. Whether it's a good fit or not, there's still a little bit of a shake out relative to the IRT transfer block of business and whether that's a perfect alignment with our service model. But Chris is closer to it, I'll ask that he add some additional color.
Chris Littlefield: I mean I think it's a very competitive market. And I think as we've expressed in the past, our focus is really managing our profitable growth and maintaining our pricing discipline and driving additional revenue and managing our expense discipline really well. And so that's where our focus is. I mean not all flows are created equal, and they come with different revenue and profit profiles, and we're really focused on how do we maximize revenue generation and profitability rather than how do we maximize flows. The competitive environment is competitive but we're maintaining pricing discipline. I think it really shows up in the fact that we are very confident that we're going to land within the full year guidance for net revenue and we expect to be in the upper half, the top end of our margin guidance for the year, and that's how we're managing the business.
Dan Houston: We'll also say, Tom, just to maybe clean up of this a little bit, among the top three players in this industry, we all keep getting larger. Without naming names, there is a fair amount of swapping of these plans between the relative players, we win from the large players, we lose large players. And TRS is still a big differentiator out there as well as our customer service platform. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the net flow dynamics in the RIS spread business. You're seeing nice wins in PRT and growth in deposits, but flows have been a little bit muted there due to higher withdrawals. Is this just a function of having a larger blocks and needing more sales to offset the natural runoff or are there any other dynamics to think about?
Dan Houston: I think to be the biggest dynamic there is to make sure you remain disciplined in your pricing as you attract new business, and there is a steady roll off as you would expect. Chris, you want to add some additional thoughts
Chris Littlefield: On our spread based net cash flow, it was flat in the quarter. We certainly saw the strong PRT sales. I'd point out that those are really nice returns and so we continue to see compelling opportunities there, but that was offset by some of the GA flows due to better equity markets. Certainly, when you see better equity market performance, you see a movement out of capital preservation products, and we certainly saw that in the second quarter. The other trend I'd highlight is, as you know, we run our investment only business, our IO business opportunistically and so the maturities can be lumpy. And we certainly experienced some lumpiness in some outflows in this quarter contributing to the flat performance on spread based net cash flow.
Erik Bass: And then going back to PGI. I was hoping, Pat, you can talk a little bit more about the retail demand and flow dynamics that you're seeing. And in particular, curious as money is coming back to the market, are you seeing it go back into actively managed funds to the same degree as it was before or is [passive] continuing to take share?
Pat Halter: Yes, Erik, I think the passive sort of share of the marketplace continues to increase. And that's why the investment performance numbers that we illustrated in our prepared remarks is so important, because we have to be able to demonstrate that we are producing an active return over those indices. And so we do feel with those numbers improving on the investment side, we should start to see the trajectory, our senior trajectory, frankly, in the first two weeks of July in terms of our ability to get a little more of the mind share of the law in terms of flows going into active mutual funds. It's a tough sort of marketplace in that yet to deliver really first one third sort of investment profile performance to get that wallet share. With some of our improving investment performance, we're seeing some of that increased activity, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks on the net cash flow. SMA is a space that we continue to want to grow in. Mutual funds is clearly a place that we've been very active with in terms of over the years and really the place where I think we have an opportunity to grow again is in CITs. There has been a little bit of a pushback on CITs in terms of net cash flow because of the flows going into overstate of value back in the [FP] markets. We think that's sort of a temporary sort of situation. But that's sort of the landscape of what we're seeing right now relative to the retail space and the individual space, Erik. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Can you maybe talk about the sales volume in Specialty Benefits? I know there's the second straight quarter of declines. Is it that '22 had a bunch of pent-up demand that's creating tough comparables, or can you maybe -- are you seeing other things?
Dan Houston: And no doubt, we had a very strong '22 and '22 is strong, just not equally as strong. But Amy, you want to go and add some additional color?
Amy Friedrich: So John, I think you're hitting on one of the main points here, which is there definitely was pent-up demand, particularly in the smaller market kind of flowing through 2022 results. So when you look at the sort of fierce labor fight out there, sort of fierce fight for talent, there were smaller market players kind of making some purchases out there that really did represent that pent-up demand. So that was definitely good news in our 2022 results. But to put in perspective, I view our 2023, our second quarter results as really strong. They are down, as you note from 2022, but they are literally the second best second quarter sales we've ever recorded. So when I look at those sales, I see really good things for both the current quarter and looking ahead. So when I look ahead at that second half of the year, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we have introduced a new Hospital Indemnity product, it's performing well, rounding out our supplemental health offering. And when I look at the basics, the fundamentals of our business around staffing, process, technology, distributor relationships, those are really strong right now. So again, I would say it's more a comparability issue that we're seeing. I'm very comfortable with both our total premium and fee growth and the sales component of that.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question, maybe on that Hospital Indemnity product, can you talk about how you think about the maybe TAM or total addressable market and the SMB space for that, and then the product pipeline as well for other products that you may be working on?
Amy Friedrich: So when I think about Hospital Indemnity, it really is not one product that's going to sit out there and kind of do the work by itself, it really is going to sit as a supplement to the core benefits that we already have in place. So what we're seeing is that it's a nice offering to fill some gaps. So when people have a hospitalization, when people have other needs that are going to be travel related or outside of something that would get covered by the medical plan, this is going to be something that helps with that supplemental hospitalization costs and pieces. So I see it as a complement. The real power in having this is that it rounds out the rest of our worksite portfolio. So we've historically seen much of our organic growth relying on that basic kind of product sets that are going to be dental and disability and life, and I love having those product sets in place. But where we haven't put our competition out there as much has been in the worksite space. So as we bundle up accident and critical illness and Hospital Indemnity, it's going to give us the ability to compete on some of those additional worksite sales that we simply haven't been as competitive in the past. So I like what that says in terms of market applicability. I like what that does in terms of how it can help us grow our total wallet share that we have across our extensive small and midsize business customers.
Dan Houston: We do the survey work with employers, its small, medium and large. The one thing we consistently hear is health care is probably one of the most important. Second is around retirement, but supplemental benefits like this are strong number three. And so we see this as a real growth driver for our small to medium sized segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo.
Wes Carmichael: I just wanted to follow up on the performance fees in PGI. I know in the supplement, you provide that, it's down quite a bit year-over-year. I know Dan you addressed that. But just curious for your outlook for the remainder of the year, how you think that should trend in, I guess I'm trying to -- does that kind of tie to your comments on VII where you need to see the inflows first? I think some of the fees in PGI are related to real estate transaction activity.
Dan Houston: Pat can clarify that for us.
Pat Halter: So those are the two different sort of discussions between VII and then the performance fees that would come to PGI and be part of the operating earnings profile of PGI. But we do, as I mentioned, because of the activity increases we see in real estate, Wes, we would expect sort of the muted performance fees that we saw in the first half of the year to start to change. And second half of the year, you should see some more sort of robust performance fees coming into the second half of the year.
Wes Carmichael: And then on capital in the holding company, sitting at the $800 million level of liquidity. Just curious if you're kind of expecting to run that near the target there or if you expect to leave some excess there over time? And also just on the leverage ratio, it's down now when you took out $700 million of debt. Just curious if that's going to migrate back towards 25% over time or if you want to be a little bit lower towards that target?
Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll answer your second question first. So on a leverage ratio perspective, it was really just an anomaly given the fact that we issued $700 million of debt in the first quarter, and we paid off the $700 million of debt in the second quarter. And so if you would have adjusted for that, we would have been consistent at that 22% level. I think, again, our target is 20% to 25% but I think that 22% is a really good place to be, gives us some dry powder if there is opportunities. And I think that's what you'll see us consistently show there. Regarding your other question around the holdco, we actually spent an extensive amount of time with our Board Finance Committee on a quarterly basis, we look at our capital at risk. And given the change in our business mix and some of the transactions that we conducted in 2022, the need to hold a lot of cushion relative to that is not as needed as it has been in the past. And so I think you'll see that around a pretty tight range around that $100 million Obviously, if we're seeing big pressures in the market, it might flex a little bit up. But I think given our business mix as well as the high level of free cash flow that we generate, I don't think you'll see that move significantly one way or the other. I hope that helps, Wes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question first on just PGI flows. And I think Pat, in your comments, you mentioned sort of a little bit of an improvement in the overall environment, but wanted to see how much of your optimism on flows improving in the second half is because of actual commitments you received from clients versus maybe the improved performance or just an expectation that activity will get better?
Dan Houston: I think it's two things, I'll throw out the path quick one. Number one, the investment performance helps out immensely. And then secondly, we already feel good about here in the first month of the third quarter and what we're seeing with solid flows. But Pat, please?
Pat Halter: Just to highlight Dan's last comment there. Principal International was off to a very strong start in July, so that's very encouraging in terms of its flows. And then we discussed, we have seen a turnaround in terms of some of the retail flows and it's looking much more constructive, again, because of investment performance. Obviously one month doesn't make a trend for the rest of the year. But based on the market sentiment, based on the conversations we're having with clients and with the markets themselves, there is definitely flows and the increasing flows are out there and so we're encouraged by that anticipated pipeline of activity. On the real estate side, just to be clear, those discussions I highlighted in terms of acquisition portfolios, taking over existing portfolios, funding in terms of new funds, that's real capital commitment, that's actually money that's been committed. So we're very encouraged by the opportunities to change that into a strong net cash flow.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on your discussed performance fees, but if we look at asset management fees in the PGI business or just a normal management fee revenues, those are down as well. So are they down more because of just the rates and the impact of that on assets or are there other factors going on that might be more sort of sustainable in nature?
Pat Halter: So we discussed earlier base asset management fees and that dip point down from 29% to 28.4%. We did see a little bit of lower transaction fees in the first half of the year, Jimmy. So maybe that's what you're also highlighting but that was fairly limited. Our mortgage activity, our mortgage origination activity actually has started to increase in June, that's increasing again in July. So we're actually expecting transaction fees to probably get back to more of a historical level than what we've seen in the past. And then as I mentioned, performance fees, very light in terms of performance fees in the first half of the year. But we do expect performance fees to probably get more back to the normal level than what you've seen in the past relative to PGI.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then any comments on just competition and fee pressure in asset management, is that same as before or has there been any change in it?
Pat Halter: Yes, there's always intense competition in the asset management business, that's why we have to continue to deliver on strong alpha performance, that's why you have to continue to make sure we have relevant capabilities globally. The fee pressure is absolutely there in the marketplace. So we have to continue to make sure we are building on value to our clients in the eyes of the clients in terms of the capabilities we offer and then the level of performance that those capabulities are generating.
Dan Houston: Jim, as you very well know, it isn't just active like the good old days. With passive taking more of the share, you don't have value added capabilities, you're not winning. And the good news in Principal, whether it's in the high yield space, preferred space, real estate, direct lending, these are areas where we can differentiate. And it is our intentions to continue to build out those unique capabilities to compete in the marketplace. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First one I have for you all is just maybe a high level question on inflation and how it's affecting your expenses. I mean, certainly, there's some help up to the top line from what's been going on in the market. How do we think through inflation as a potential offset to some of the help that you're getting just in terms of top line and the economy, or the market potentially continuing to recover a bit versus the inflationary pressures that could offset some of that?
Dan Houston: I'll make some initial comments and then ask Deanna. But you know we've talked about this here before as a matter of fact, when inflation started to tick up in particular it relates to wage inflation, which most employers are happy to deal with as it relates to maintaining an attractive recruiting talent. And we see that manifest itself in higher dollar amounts of wages, often translates into higher dollar amounts of life insurance coverage, higher premiums, for disability, all of those again are tied back to wages. Individuals, as I see salary increases, most of those are set in automatic nature and so 401(k) salary deferrals rise accordingly. And on a net-net basis, Principal is always the benefactor, as you pointed out, that top line revenue growth. Principal has its own internal challenges related to inflation as we retain and attract talent. And again, that's part of our overall expense management responsibility within the business units and something that Deanna works with the CFOs around here every day on. But maybe I'll have Deanna additional thoughts here.
Deanna Strable: I think Dan really talked about well that we do -- we are uniquely positioned that when inflation plays through, especially when it plays through on salary levels, we do get benefit in both RIS and benefits and protection and obviously, that plays through from a revenue perspective. We definitely have a proven track record of aligning expenses with revenue. When revenue goes down very fast or goes up very fast, there's always a natural lag. But one thing I'm really proud of is if you look at our comp and other, whether it be relative to a year ago quarter, relative to last quarter or relative on a trailing 12-month basis, they're down on all of those comparisons. Probably more -- most valid is on the trailing 12 month basis, we're seeing about a 3% to 4% decrease in adjusted comp and other. And that's despite the fact that, as you mentioned, we have had to increase salaries because of that inflationary pressure and more on talent, we've had other expenses that have been negatively impacted from inflation. And also, we have to make sure that we continue to invest in our businesses to make sure that we can continue to deliver on our promises and drive growth in the future. And so I think that's the proof of the fact that we do have that track record, and you'll continue to see that play out as we go forward.
Alex Scott: Follow-up question I have is on dental. Just noticing the loss ratio was up a little bit. Are you guys seeing anything around utilization maybe elective procedures, that kind of thing. I guess I've heard some of the Managed Care providers talk about this. And I don't think it was still focused on dental in some of the comments, but I think one of them mentioned dental. So I was just interested if that's something you're seeing.
Dan Houston: Yes, I'll have Amy take that. Before I do that, just a reminder, when you compare Principal to other competitors in our set, we're not a pure play asset manager. So we do have operations and more customer service expense. And so on pure play asset managers when you have more variable expense because it's incentive compensation and so on and so forth, you see expense reductions perhaps a little bit easier than you do in an organization like Principal when we're providing a lot of value added services across these fee spread and risk businesses. But I think its always important to put that in the proper context when you're doing your comparable. So with that, Amy, Dental?
Amy Friedrich: So just a few comments about dental, definitely feel good about our overall loss ratio and margins. So when you talk about the full suite of products, I feel really good about how they're operating together. When we dig in just on dental, we are seeing some things happen there that are a little bit, I would call them sort of out of seasonal patterns. And so I think we are still seeing the first half of the year is some definite keeping up on utilization and frequency, people are going to the dentist back to prepandemic levels. But we're probably still seeing a little more severity flow through our results. So think of that as the higher dollar procedures. The open question out there in the industry is, will that be continuing on, is that setting a new level, or is that something that's still sort of the last remnant of the pandemic. So my particular belief and the belief on our block of business is that we see that experience moderate through the second half of the year. I think we will continue to see that come down. We might see some elevation still in severity. But the great news about our block is that our block is about 90% of it is going to have an annual ability to get rerated and renewable. So dental is a very responsive product if we need it to be on things that are happening within how it's being utilized and changed. So great news is that's a short lipid that does happen. But my perspective is I do think we'll see that moderate a bit and I think we're seeing some of the last remnants from the pandemic coverage being disrupted, but more to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Looking to your comments, it sounds like we're reaching an inflection point on real estate where you saw some pressure this quarter on some of your key metrics. But then you said you're seeing signs of recovery and positive momentum in real estate like in PGI or mortgage origination activity is up. What is going on in real estate fundamentals that's driving that or is it more technical?
Pat Halter: So I think what's driving the sort of activity is there's places where we're starting to see the entry points in terms of where the risk return trade-off looks reasonable again. So there's a sort of an opportunity there, both in terms of core real estate but also manufacturing real estate in terms of turnaround and in the development. We also, I think, are very, I think, mindful that the debt markets have to stabilize. And with the Fed now starting to become, I think, maybe at a place where they may take a pause, I think people are having a little more confidence in terms of being able to understand where the path will be going forward in terms of valuations and debt availability and capital availability. So there is a sort of emerging market developing in terms of this [transaction activity] in general, picking up, it's still early yet, but being early sometimes is where you actually can really add value to your clients. And so there is an opportunity, as I mentioned, through the three areas that we have been very active in, which is acquiring a portfolio or taking over other managers assets or being able to find funding for new creative things to invest in, for instance, like data centers. So there's a lot of interesting opportunities. I know office has the headline and we're not in the office, we're not investing in new office, but we are investing in other asset classes, whether it's industrial, whether it's data centers, whether it's residential. So that's really the important thing to mention as to where we're at, what we're doing as we talk about this increased activity.
Tracy Benguigui: A quick follow-up. I just want to touch on the credit cycle. You mentioned credit drift was slight benefit of capital, so you feel good about your full year expectations where you were building in some credit drift. What do you think is going on? This is probably the longest debate on whether we're going to enter a recession or not. Maybe as far back in 2019 when we saw the credit cycle reach maturation. So what do you think is driving that positive drift? And is this a timing difference where we could see credit drift materializing, but it just may come later?
Deanna Strable: Just a few comments there. Let me just frame kind of where we are kind of year-to-date from a drift perspective and ultimately kind of tie it back to your questions there. Both first quarter and second quarter, we actually saw positive capital impacts from drift and modest, about $5 million a quarter. And I think that really comes back to our high quality diversified portfolio. And so even though we are seeing some downgrades across the portfolio, they're more than being compensated by some upgrades. And again, that could be within the real estate portfolio on some of the asset classes that Pat mentioned or it's in other parts of our balance sheet as well. And so again, we do think there will be some drift as we go through the rest of the year. But I'd say there's a couple of things, right? I think the recession is not thought to be as deep as maybe what it was anticipated coming into the year. And then you come back to the quality and the diversification of our balance sheet and I think, again, we continue to see good results there. But I'll see if Pat has anything to add.
Pat Halter: No, I think Deanna has done a nice job of summing that up really well.
Operator: Our final question this morning comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi.
Mike Ward: Just on PRT, we've been hearing pretty bullish commentary from some of the insurance brokers out there, it seems like more than usual. So just wondering if anything is changing in terms of the returns or -- there's got to be more competition. But any way to sort of size the opportunity from here?
Chris Littlefield: I think we see a very strong PRT market place right now. I think industry sales are expected to be in that $30 billion to $40 billion range for the year. Again, as we think about this business, we really focused on the returns we're getting on the capital we're investing in that business and so we remain disciplined. And so we're very comfortable. We feel very good about our performance for the first half, and we're on track for our plan for the year, and we're doing so at very nice returns. The other thing I'd say is we do benefit from having our WSRS business. A lot of the activity that we're seeing, we're able to take our existing clients' plans given that client are fully funded. I think Mercer is calling it 105% funding at the end of June. And we're able to talk to them about planned terminations and the opportunity to write PRT business with them. And then we just look at that overlap between those businesses, about 15% of our premium and about 42% of the cases in our PRT business year-to-date has come from existing clients. So we do see a robust environment there. We're picking our spots where we can maximize the return on capital and we have some built-in advantages from having an existing client base.
Dan Houston: Final question, Mike?
Mike Ward: Maybe just on Specialty Benefits. Just wondering what you guys are sort of hearing and feeling from the employers out there, how they feel about the labor market and wages and how they're -- if their attitude is changing in terms of their approach to benefits?
Amy Friedrich: So I think the good news there is that the small to mid-sized marketplace is still really vibrant. They understand that they need to keep talent, they understand that a great benefits and savings and retirement package offering for their employees is critical to making that happen for them. And they're displaying that through their purchasing behavior and their funding and persistence on those plans. And so I think the most interesting piece is that when you look at employment growth and you look at wage growth, wage growth is across all of the segments that we're seeing equally present in the small market but employment growth, at least in our block of business and I think this is cross over into the retirement business as well has stayed really strong. So our employment growth numbers are twice as strong, 3 times as strong in the smaller market. So those employers are continuing to hire and they're continuing to indicate that they need great employees to fuel the growth. So we continue to hear sentiment that there's caution. They're very confident about their businesses, they're also very confident about their kind of region or community. They get a little less confident in their sentiment when they head over into total US or total global economy. So that's where their sentiment begins to start to fall apart, but their actions are usually based on their local or their business sentiment and it remains very positive.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our time allowed for questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Houston for any final comments.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks again for joining us today. And as I reflect on the quarter, the earnings and the margins aligned with guidance, there's a path on the free cash flow of 75% to 80% net cash flow. We all know on a macro level, it was a very challenging environment. We're making changes in the business in order to improve the results. We're continuing to focus on aligning expenses with revenues and it continues to be a priority while still investing for growth and innovation and the digitizing of our business and making sure that we don't miss that opportunity, and we continue to execute on profitable growth for our long term shareholders. So thank you for your time and attention today. We'll see you out on the road.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. As always, material related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. In addition to our earnings call materials, we included additional details of our commercial real estate exposure in our slide presentation. As a reminder, financial results are now reported under the long-duration targeted improvements accounting guidance, or LDTI. Historical results have been recast, and are also available on our website.  Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. We will then open up the call for questions. Others available for Q&A include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, Benefits and Protection.  Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share highlights of our financial results and key performance highlights for the quarter. Deanna will follow with additional details on our first quarter results, our current financial and capital position as well as some details on our investment portfolio. Our integrated business model remains resilient during periods of macroeconomic volatility, as shown on our strong first quarter results. While we are not immune to credit and market pressures, we are well positioned for a variety of economic conditions.  Starting on Slide 3, we reported $367 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.48 per diluted share in the first quarter. We returned more than $300 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchase and common stock dividends. We are delivering on our capital deployment strategy by investing for growth in our business, and returning excess capital to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $660 billion of total company managed AUM, an increase of 4% from year-end 2022, reflecting favorable equity and fixed income markets, positive net cash flow as well as positive impacts from foreign currency. We generated $600 million of positive total company net cash flow, a strong result during a period of outflows across much of the industry. This highlights one of the benefits of having a diversified and integrated business model across the asset management, retirement and benefits and protection.  Turning to investment performance on Slide 4. Market volatility is underscoring the value of our diversified offering. Our fixed income strategies are delivering strong results, managing through a challenging credit environment. While our asset allocation in U.S. equity strategies have been impacted in their short-term performance, our international equity strategies are delivering strong alpha so far this year, boosting 1-year performance. Our approach to invest in high-quality, high-growth companies continues to resonate with our clients, winning additional mandates. We have also received gold and silver ratings from Morningstar for several of our key equity funds.  Turning to Slide 5, I'd like to spend a moment on our investment portfolio as there has recently been increased market focus on credit and commercial real estate exposures. We're confident in our high-quality, diversified investment portfolio, which is well aligned with our liability profile. We actively manage our investment risk and have been intentional about further improving credit quality of our portfolio since the global financial crisis. The reinsurance transaction we completed in 2022 decreased our general account by 25%. This reduced our credit exposure and lowered our investment asset leverage well below the industry average. We are a global real estate leader with more than 7 decades of experience, managing nearly $100 billion of assets, including more than $70 billion for third parties. Today, we have over 300 real estate investment professionals, 55 of which have more than 3 decades of real estate experience through many different market cycles. Over the last decade, we have reduced office exposure in our commercial mortgage portfolio as we saw signs of stress coming in this segment, a move which has proven to be appropriate as the recent stress on the banking sector has raised financing concern for office properties in particular. We've also enhanced our underwriting standards since the global financial crisis, producing a high-quality portfolio with substantial cushion to withstand severe downturns. Our investment and risk management teams have been diligent in transforming the portfolio, delivering a track record of strong financial performance and positioning us to weather a variety of economic conditions and market cycles.  Turning to our growth drivers and some additional highlights for the quarter. We continue to benefit from strong employment and wage growth in the U.S. particularly in the small to midsize segment with our retirement Benefits and Protection business. In retirement, we generated strong sales across all segments, growth in net participant activity and positive net cash flow with reoccurring deposits up 11% on a trailing 12-month basis. While large market sales and lapses can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, we have good momentum, and our pipeline is strong for the rest of the year. Our SMB segment is holding up very well with strong reoccurring deposit growth, and low contract lapses contributing to a 33% increase and net cash flow compared to the first quarter of 2022. And in Benefits and Protection, our focus on the durable small to midsized business market continues to drive growth. Over the last 12 months, the small to midsized employer market has experienced record sales, strong retention and demonstrated continued strong employment growth, all of which are contributing to our above-industry growth in premium and fees for Specialty Benefits. In Asset Management, our broad distribution and geographic footprint continues to produce benefits. PGI-managed net cash flow was a positive $400 million in the first quarter. While flows for many active managers were negative in the quarter, we continue to benefit from our integrated business model and differentiated investment capabilities, including hybrid target date, stable value and guaranteed income products. We are winning business from both new and existing retirement customers while generating flows from our general account. As we look forward, we continue to see active engagement with global institutional clients involving investment strategies in private debt and credit, specialized investment income capabilities and opportunistic investing in real estate. We also drove strong quarterly net cash flow of $800 million in Principal International. These flows were well diversified across Southeast Asia, Brazil, Mexico and Hong Kong as we continue to execute on our strategy, building upon our market leadership and key joint venture relationships. Specific to Brazil, we remain a market leader in pension AUM, deposits as well as net cash flow. Bottom line, we are very excited about the growth opportunities which lie ahead. I'm confident we have the right product mix, the right market focus and the right distribution channels to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share key contributors to financial performance for the quarter, an update on our current financial and capital position and details of our investment portfolio. Reported net income attributable to Principal was a negative $140 million in the first quarter. Excluding the loss from exited businesses, net income was a positive $347 million with $11 million of credit losses. Credit drift was slightly positive in the quarter. Excluding significant variances, first quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $395 million or $1.60 per diluted share, a strong result despite macroeconomic pressures on AUM levels during 2022. As Dan noted, first quarter results highlight the value of focus and the strength and resiliency of our diversified business strategy.  As detailed on Slide 17, significant variances had a net negative impact on our first quarter non-GAAP operating earnings of approximately $33 million pretax, $29 million after tax and $0.12 per diluted share. The significant variances were primarily due to lower-than-expected variable investment income in RIS and Benefits and Protection. Mortality experience true-ups in RIS were mostly offset by LDTI model refinements in Specialty Benefits. As discussed during our 2023 outlook call, we expected variable investment income from alternative investment returns, real estate sales and prepayment fees to be lower than 2022 levels and lower than our expected long-term run rate due to macro environment heading into the year. VII was positive in total for the quarter, but we did not have any VII from prepayment fees or real estate sales. Macroeconomic volatility continued in the first quarter and pressured earnings in our fee-based businesses relative to a year ago quarter. While the S&P 500 daily average increased 4% from the fourth quarter of 2022, it was 11% lower than the first quarter of 2022 and 10% lower on a trailing 12-month basis.  Foreign exchange rates were a tailwind compared to the fourth quarter but a headwind relative to the year ago quarter and on a trailing 12-month basis. Impacts to reported pretax operating earnings included a positive $7 million compared to fourth quarter of 2022, a slight negative compared to first quarter 2022 and a negative $17 million on a trailing 12-month basis.  Turning to the business units. The following comments on our first quarter results exclude significant variances. As a reminder, comparisons to first quarter of 2022 are impacted by the reinsurance transactions that closed in the second quarter of 2022. Revenue growth and margins in Specialty Benefits and Principal International were in line with our expectations in the first quarter. Revenue growth in RIS and PGI were pressured by the impacts of macroeconomic volatility and lower account values and AUM compared to a year ago but both businesses are benefiting from more favorable conditions relative to the assumptions in our 2023 outlook. Despite the pressures on revenue growth, the margin in RIS was strong in the first quarter and benefited from diligent expense management, onetime items in the quarter and timing of expenses. For the full year, we continue to expect to be within the 35% to 39% guided range with the ultimate level impacted by macro conditions for the remainder of the year. PGI's margin and pretax operating earnings were pressured by expected expense seasonality as well as expected lower transaction and borrower fees. Expenses in the first quarter were elevated by approximately $20 million due to seasonality of payroll taxes and deferred compensation. We continue to expect PGI's margin to be within the 34% to 37% guided range for the full year. Principal International had strong earnings in the first quarter driven by growth across the business and higher AUM. Favorable impacts of inflation and higher interest rates in Brazil were offset by lower-than-expected encaje performance and VII in Chile. In life, pretax operating earnings and margin were lower than expected, primarily due to higher claims experience in the quarter. The decline in premium and fees was driven by the 2022 reinsurance transaction and will normalize throughout the year.  We continue to expect to deliver on our 2023 guidance for the full year, both at the business unit level as well as for the total company. Turning to capital and liquidity. We remain in a strong financial position despite the volatile environment. We ended the first quarter with $1.8 billion of excess and available capital including more than $1.5 billion at the holding company. This includes our $800 million target and $700 million of proceeds from debt issuance in the first quarter that is earmarked for debt maturity and redemption in the second quarter, $300 million in our subsidiaries and $30 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio. During the quarter, in addition to returning excess capital to shareholders, we accelerated our organic capital deployment as we saw attractive return opportunities in our businesses. This was a pull forward of our business plan for 2023. Looking ahead, our free capital flow generation will increase throughout the year. We returned $306 million to shareholders in the first quarter, including $150 million of share repurchases and $156 million of common stock dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company, and we'll continue pursuing a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. I want to end my comments by providing some additional details of our investment portfolio, including our real estate exposure. As Dan mentioned, we have intentionally improved the overall credit quality across our fixed maturity and real estate portfolios since the global financial crisis. Our investments are high quality, well aligned with our liability profile, and we are well positioned for a variety of economic conditions.  Starting on Slide 11. Specific to the real estate portfolio. As of the end of the first quarter, our commercial loan portfolio has a current average loan-to-value of 46% and a debt service coverage of 2.5x. This has improved from 62% and 1.8x in 2008. We have minimal exposure to floating rate loans and a very manageable maturity schedule of high-quality loans with only 4% maturing in 2023 and another 7% in 2024. Our commercial office portfolio is geographically diverse and high quality. We saw signs of stress building in this sector and proactively reduced our office exposure from 37% of our mortgage portfolio in 2016 down to 25% today. We have taken a conservative approach with our office portfolio and have manageable near-term maturities. We have already reduced valuations in our office portfolio by 22% from the peak, and they are 20% below the current implied index value. The current loan-to-value on our office portfolio is 52% and debt service coverage is 2.5x. We have looked at a number of different stress scenarios on office valuation. This includes an additional 20% to 40% decrease from our current conservative valuations and assumes an immediate default of all office loans over 100% LTV. The ultimate impact to our RBC ratio is estimated to be 2 to 3 percentage points under the 20% additional decrease scenario and 10 to 12 percentage points under the 40% additional decreased scenario, both very manageable. That said, we have the experience and a long-established track record of navigating real estate cycles. It will take time for any market cycle to emerge, and the impacts would play out over a number of years.  Looking at our CMBS portfolio, relative to 2008, we have decreased the overall size of our portfolio by 22% and improve the quality to 98% with an NAIC 1 rating today. Our equity real estate portfolio is well diversified with a high concentration of property types with strong fundamentals, such as industrials and life sciences. The market value of our portfolio is substantially higher than our carrying value. Overall, we are confident in the quality of our real estate portfolio, remain diligent in monitoring and proactive in servicing it. We have built a high-quality portfolio that is well diversified and a good fit for our liability profile.  2023 will not be without its challenges, but we are positioned to focus on maximizing our growth drivers of retirement, global asset management and Benefits and Protection which will drive long-term growth for the enterprise and long-term shareholder value. We have the financial flexibility, discipline and a track record of managing through times of macro volatility and uncertainty.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: First question was just on the office stress scenario that you provided. Just curious in -- I mean that was a pretty severe scenario and a pretty limited RBC impact. Was that just based on the impact of downward ratings migration and some level of credit losses? Or did you assume anything for the impact if you'd have to take over some of the properties and they get the higher capital charge from being an owned real estate property?
Daniel Houston: Yes, appreciate that question, Ryan. I'll have Deanna handle that.
Deanna Strable: Yes. It was us taking over those properties in a complete default. Obviously, the extreme one was very unlikely 40% additional decrease from our already reduced 22% values. And then I also think it's important that, that wouldn't all happen at one time and would happen over an extended period of time.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then could you talk about, I guess, the amount of committed capital you already have to deploy into real estate within PGI over time as well as your evolving thoughts on when the market may pick up for new deployment opportunities?
Daniel Houston: That's a great question. Really appreciate that, Ryan. Pat, can you help us out on that one?
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ryan. I think as you know, we have been a very strong and very active advisor to investors throughout the world in real estate. And we do have a very strong committed but unfunded pipeline through those conversations with clients throughout the world. As you can imagine, we have not deployed that pipeline, that sort of drive power into the marketplace until we believe that valuations have gotten to a point where we believe we can start to enter into the markets again. But that pipeline is over $7 billion today in unfunded committed capital, both in the debt and in the equity strategies. So at the right time -- at the right appropriate time, we will deploy that.  To your second question, that timing will be, I think, dependent again, once we see valuations are at a place we are desirable for us to engage. That probably is going to be later this year. We believe it's going to have a transmission effect over the next 2 quarters yet to get valuations to a place where we think we can start to enter with any sort of strong conviction. But we will and have a desire to get back in the markets when we think it's appropriate.  One other thing just to mention, Ryan, I just was in Asia 3 weeks ago. And not only in terms of the additional sort of funds we have today, but the active interest from institutional investors to eventually take advantage of the opportunity in real estate is quite pronounced. And we're having some new and active conversations with institutional investors in many parts of the world to raise money, particularly in private debt right now because I think that's the first place of entry point, but also in terms of private equity as we go into 2024.
Daniel Houston: Hopefully, that helps, Ryan?
Ryan Krueger: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So the first one is just on the fee retirement business. And if I look at the flows in 1Q, even if you include the spread retirement, the flows seem pretty light relative to what you've had in previous 1Qs over the last several years, especially given the fact that the labor market is as strong as it is. So if you could just give some color on what drove that?
Daniel Houston: Chris, please.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. Yes. I think when we look at flows in the first quarter, I'd comment on a few different things. We certainly are seeing lumpiness in the large market, and we had 1 low fee plan that lapsed in the quarter, that was about $2.8 billion in assets. Despite that 1 lapse, we are seeing really strong pipeline in large -- and a reminder that in large -- are you going to see lumpiness, both on the flows in as well as flows out when they happen since they're larger plans. When I think about transfer deposit performance though, up 22%. We got really strong momentum in our business and a really strong pipeline. The underlying fundamentals are strong as well. I think Dan mentioned in his comments, particularly in the SMB. And so while when you look at recurring deposits growing at about 4% versus a year ago and 11% on a trailing 12-month basis, it's particularly strong in the SMB space. Those recurring deposits are up sort of 8% to 9%, and our net cash flow in SMB alone was nearly $2 billion in the quarter. So we're seeing really strong performance there. But again, it doesn't take away from some of the lumpiness you're going to see on flows when you have 1 large plan [indiscernible] and the full fee plan.
Daniel Houston: Yes, 1 large plan like that can mask a really strong quarter. Do you have a follow-up, Jimmy?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. Just -- it was on PGI margins, as we think about margins for the rest of the year, is 1Q a good number to use going forward in terms of expenses and just overall margin levels in PGI?
Daniel Houston: Pat, please.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Jimmy. As you note, the margin for the first quarter was a little over 30%. That should not be a good reflection of where we see the rest of the year in terms of margins. We did have -- as you recall, every year, we have a sort of onetime expense adjustment associated with retirement deferred compensation and also payroll taxes that is a onetime first quarter. That was around $20 million. So that's one thing just to highlight, Jimmy, in terms of that margin discussion.  The second thing is we do think and have seen a first quarter sort of reset in terms of some valuations starting to increase, and that's going to allow for a little bit larger AUM base going forward along with the growth that we continue to expect in the platforms we have. And so our guidance of 34% to 37% that we presented to you in the outlook call, we remain very confident that we will achieve that 34% to 37% by the end of the year, Jimmy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Oftentimes, you talk about employee withholding match and the trends there. How has that trended versus last year? Are you seeing employees or employers pull back at all on how much they're contributing? And how did that factor into the recurring deposit growth within RIS?
Daniel Houston: Yes, it's a great question. The one thing that's amazing is just how competitive that SMB marketplace still is in terms of attracting and retaining talent. Those things still remain strong. But Chris, you want to provide some additional detail on the strength of the matching contributions.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. I would say we still see growth, although it's certainly slowing from what we saw in 2022. So John, when I look at the number of participants deferring the numbers receiving a match, the new participants with account value and the overall average of deferred dollars per participant, all of those metrics are up 3% to 4% year-over-year. And again, as I highlighted in the SMB, it's particularly strong at 8% to 9% on recurring deposits. So that's all positive, albeit a bit slower than we've seen in past years.
John Barnidge: And my follow-up question, maybe just to clarify, on the $1.8 billion on Slide 3 of the presentation, there is a footnote you talked about in your prepared remarks about the $700 million in proceeds. Are we supposed to normalize for that? Or is the $1.8 billion the number we should be using?
Daniel Houston: Deanna, please.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. I hope your recovery is going well after your accident. Just a couple of things there. That $1.8 billion that you see on the slide is elevated due to the $700 million of debt issuance that we issued in the first quarter but we will pay off the corresponding existing debt in the second quarter. So a pro forma would be more like the $1.1 billion. Your follow-up is then why did that go down from where we were at the end of the year. And so just a couple of comments on that.  Really, the 2 things that are going to impact that roll forward other than that issuance of debt I just referred to is, one, the return of capital to our shareholders, and two, any free cash flow and dividends between entities during the quarter. So obviously, you saw during the first quarter, we continued to return a sizable amount to our shareholders, over $300 million with $150 million of share buybacks and a slightly larger amount through our common stock dividend. On free cash flow and dividends, first quarter is always seasonably light. It's really kind of 2 primary drivers there. We build up, and then there's just seasonality in the timing of dividends. And then also in the first quarter, you have all the cash payments of bonuses that also pressures first quarter as well.  If you go back to '22 and look at the roll forward from fourth quarter of '21 to first quarter of '22, you're going to see a very similar pattern which pointed to minimal free cash flow in the first quarter, but albeit a very strong free cash flow for the full year. Beyond that, fourth quarter is always our largest quarter for free cash flow. As you heard me mention in our prepared remarks, one thing that was a little different this quarter versus first quarter of last year, is we did see a higher volume of high-return organic deployment opportunities in the quarter and accelerated a portion of our full year sales plan -- we're not changing our full year sales expectation. So again, it's just a shifting from future quarters into the current quarter and we actually then will see higher than originally anticipated free cash flow in the other quarters. The one I would point to that is most obvious is PRT. We had nearly $600 million of sales in the quarter, and first quarter is typically a very, very light quarter. So I think bottom line, the seasonality we saw was not unexpected. We've seen it in prior years. We'll continue to see it in future years, and we remain confident about our free cash flow opportunities for the entire year. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Dolin-Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: I would like to touch upon specialty group benefits. Can you add color regarding what drove higher loss ratios across several products like dental and vision, group life, the individual disability.
Daniel Houston: Amy will handle that accordingly. Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yes, sure. So I think I would settle in on saying we were generally feeling good about the loss ratios you're seeing. They're within the ranges that we would have expected. And dental is probably the one that I would highlight there. It does have a bit of seasonality in it. As you know, and as we've discussed on a lot of private call -- previous calls, the dental loss ratios really got out of track in terms of seasonality with COVID. So with some of the closures and other things that happened, we sort of lost our ability to see that seasonality in the industry for a couple of years. What I see in dental seasonality is it's returning back to pre-COVID levels. So when I look at how dental utilization emerges over the year, it's typically the highest in first quarter. So what I would say is that loss ratio that we're seeing for dental is seasonal. It's back to expected patterns, and it's still within what we would expect to see. Our full year range is for some of the loss ratios that we're seeing across our group benefits, and IDI block are within normal levels.
Deanna Strable: Tracy, you also mentioned Group Life. Actually, group life is down once you adjust first quarter of '22 for the COVID claims. It is up from fourth quarter, but it was more because we had an abnormally low loss ratio in the fourth quarter of '22. So you had mentioned group life, so I just wanted to touch on that one as well.
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Excellent. Just circling back on the comments about adjusting your available and excess cash. So if I take out the $700 million from your $1.5 billion of OCO cash, you're exactly at the $800 million minimum threshold. And then when I'm thinking about it, there isn't a lot of excess capital from your subsidiaries, $300 million or so. You do sound confident about meeting your 75% to 85% free cash flow conversion. Are you expecting greater organic surplus generation through earnings and that's how you'll get there for the remainder of the year?
Deanna Strable: Yes. So as you're aware, our free cash flow is all driven by statutory results as well as, again, in non-life entities, it would be the movement of that excess cash and capital up to the holding company. We are confident on that. As mentioned, the seasonality and some of just the pressuring of dividends and the fact that we dividend a high amount in the fourth quarter. So you start the year at a smaller level in those subsidiaries. We feel very confident relative to that. I don't see any meaningful disruption to our capital plans in the current environment. And the other thing I'd bring you back to is, post the transactions last year, our risk profile of our business mix is lower. Our credit risk is lower. We've talked a lot and given you a lot of material of why we feel really good about the high-quality of our investment performance, our portfolio that will perform well. And so again, when you bring that all together, we will see higher dividends in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q. And we also do see that seasonality in statutory results as we go throughout the year.
Daniel Houston: Hopefully that helps, Tracy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo.
Wesley Carmichael: I kind of wanted to stick with free cash flow for a second, too, but on Slide 2 of the deck, it mentions that you expect free cash flow conversion to increase throughout the year. But my understanding is that ratio is on the net income, excluding the exited business. So if I looked at the first quarter, the $300 million returned to shareholders, I calculated a ratio of 86%. So it seems like you're kind of there already in the first quarter. So I'm just trying to reconcile that with your thoughts on that should accelerate.
Daniel Houston: I'll have Deanna handle that. But Wes, welcome and appreciate you picking up coverage on PFG.
Deanna Strable: Wes, just so you're aware, the deployment can come out of 2 places. It can come from excess you had coming into the quarter as well as the free cash flow generation during the quarter. And we came in at about -- I think it was just shy of $300 million of excess coming into the year in our holdco and in the entities. And so again, you need to factor that into that result as well.
Wesley Carmichael: Got it. And can you maybe just talk about your outlook for 2023 for pension risk transfer sales. You had $600 million in the first quarter in RIS. But seems like it might be a pretty good environment with higher interest rates and as well as a tailwind from the equity markets bouncing back.
Daniel Houston: True to that. Chris, do you want to go ahead and respond?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Welcome, Wes. Thanks for the question. Yes. I mean as Deanna mentioned, we had a very strong start to the year, which was a little bit unusual for first quarter. We do expect to grow our PRT business, call it, 10% to 15% over year -- over last year, so in that $2.3-ish billion range is kind of what we're shooting for. The industry is expecting opportunities of the $30 billion to $40 billion range overall, and plans are still really well funded according to Mercer at 102%. So we do see a lot of opportunities for PRT. I think the most important thing for us, though, is we deploy that capital in a disciplined way. And so we're not going after every PRT opportunity, we're going for those where we can get a good return on the capital that we're investing in that business.
Daniel Houston: It's also probably worth calling out Wes is that about 25% of those PRT sales actually came from existing full-service customers. And again, that comprehensive approach to retirement solutions is what we're about. And you can see where those intersections come together and help drive results for the organization.
Christopher Littlefield: And to that point, Dan, about $150 million of the $600 million in this quarter were existing DB customers of ours. So you do see the power of that in our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ward with Citi.
Michael Ward: I really appreciate the disclosures on CRE, very helpful. I think you guys mentioned that the LTVs are revalued quarterly. So I was just curious about the debt service coverage component and how current these metrics are? And I'm just trying to figure out mechanically, not necessarily just for principal, but for CRE debt like this -- how might this evolve over time? And how sort of current are the debt service coverage metrics that we see?
Daniel Houston: Appreciate that, Michael. And Pat also might be able just to maybe share a little bit with the group about the resources we have surrounding this in terms of valuations and feet on the streets to assess this asset class.
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks, Michael, for the question. I think one of the sort of the benefits that we have as an organization, as Dan highlighted in his prepared remarks in terms of the size of our organization. So on the office component, which I know is very important to all on the line here, but we also do this for the broader portfolio. But office, we're actually reevaluating -- re-underwriting each one of those loans every quarter. So we have a very deep, wide experience team that covers 40 of the major markets in the U.S. And we have underwriters who are steep in knowledge, steep in those markets to do basically quarterly reevaluations, reconstructing the cash flows associated with the rental streams and lease structure of those transactions real time along with getting market data on where cap rates may be, where they may be heading, what's going on in terms of market rents relative to the contract rents in our sort of property, tenancy changes and really updating on a cash flow basis, each one of those assets from a property income expense perspective. So we are actually doing a very deep cash flow analysis, which allows us to have a lot of confidence in those debt service coverage ratios as a result of that in terms of analysis, Michael.  And then in terms of valuations, obviously, we also have a very deep experienced equity real estate group, which is developing, managing real estate throughout the country. So they're getting real-time broker opinions as to the trends that are going on in terms of cap rates, trends that are going on in terms of investor sentiment. And so it's a very robust process that we're engineering every quarter now for our office portfolio. And then on the residential and industrial portfolio is also, we're going through that same process over a sequence of quarters.
Daniel Houston: Did that help, Michael?
Michael Ward: Yes. That's very helpful, guys. So maybe on commercial mortgage loans versus CMBS. Just wondering if you could comment. I think you guys are mainly or almost all conduit. And I believe about 30% of that is office. So hoping you could comment on that and whether or not that's included in the RBC stress test.
Daniel Houston: Pat, please.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So we do have analysis that goes on relative to our CMBS portfolio also. And interesting to note that our sort of office exposure in the private space in terms of that percentage is somewhat similar to what we have in our CMBS portfolio holdings, 25%, 30% is in office. We are actually evaluating those assets also from the point of view of both maturity and in our sort of CMBS portfolio, those office loans in terms of maturity are quite limited in terms of 2023 and 2024. But we're also -- because of the subordination levels, we're doing a sort of a bottom-up analysis as to -- how are those subordination levels protecting us from [Technical Difficulty] now as just I highlighted, Michael, and the cash flow analysis is highlighted. And we're then applying that to the actual structure of those CMBS structures in terms of subordination levels. And what we're finding is very positive thus far. And that is when we stress test those portfolios, we still have subordination levels that would allow us to have a great deal of comfort because those subordination levels would still be in a stress test environment of 21% or better. And that is an A quality approach and level of rating if we looked at that from a sort of a comparable sort of rating agency perspective.
Deanna Strable: Mike, that was not included in the stress test that we included. But if you actually look at Page 14 and given that 98.5% of those CMBSs are NAIC 1, I think any impact in a stress scenario, and again, in addition to the commentary that, Pat, would be very, very minor relative to that risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I appreciate all the color on how you go about valuing the office CRE, it does sound like you have a lot of resources. But just curious, is there part of the process where you go through getting a sort of a third party to kind of validate the analysis, just to kind of give you one more check.
Daniel Houston: Pat?
Patrick Halter: Yes. So typically, you'd get an appraisal. The challenge today, as you can imagine, Suneet, is the appraisals are probably not as current, not as, I think, active in understanding real time what's going on within the reconstruction of those cash flows, the buildings and how the tenancy and the market rents relative to the contract rent buildings are evaluated and changing. So we do not sort of -- in that sort of analysis go out and get a third-party valuation opinion. We think that our expertise, our deep analysis is probably superior frankly, to that.
Daniel Houston: We meet once a week, Suneet, with the real estate team and assess these investment options in our investment committee. We -- these professionals are in there. They're talking about this. They have deep relationships with brokers in each one of these subcategories. And so I think there is a really honest assessment and valuation associated with how we keep these on the books. And again, it's a rigorous process that is staffed incredibly well.
Patrick Halter: Just to add to that, we have over 550 institutional investors in over 34 countries, and they also feel very comfortable with the process we deploy here.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Makes sense. And then I guess a quick one for Deanna. Just in terms of the outlook for buybacks, I guess you did $150 million here in the first quarter. Is that about the pace that we should expect going forward? Or -- just any color in terms of expectations on that?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think there will be volatility quarter-to-quarter. But I think if you annualize that amount, that's in the ballpark. And I think if you kind of looked at kind of our free cash flow estimates relative to kind of what you'd be expecting, you'd get to that same level. Obviously, we want to recognize the current environment. We need -- there is some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter, we need to take into account. But yes, I think that's a good indication of what could occur through the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: In the RIS business, net investment income increased pretty materially from the fourth quarter, even adjusting for variable investment income. So I was just hoping you could talk about what's driving this, and the outlook going forward? And then how we should think about how much of that benefit drops to the bottom line?
Daniel Houston: Chris, please.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the question, Erik. I mean, I think -- we definitely are seeing 3 primary drivers in what's happening in that investment income. Certainly, we've seen the benefit to the increase in short-term interest rates, and that certainly had a positive effect. We've seen some additional timing difference between when the rates are increasing and when that rates are credited back to the customer, so the lag. That's been a second driver. And then we've seen overall growth in the block of our business. So those are the key drivers in NII. I think when you look at the supplement, you look just at NII, it can -- it's not necessarily the best picture because you also have to take into account the interest that's being credited in the BCSD line. And so there is certainly a benefit that we're seeing, but it's not as large as you would see just by looking solely at the NII line. So definitely a benefit. We expect to see some additional benefits if interest rates continue to rise, although I think we're kind of nearing the end of the larger increases that we saw over the course of 2022, and we expect to have some benefit. What we've also said through '22, and what I'll reiterate again today, that will normalize over time in net interest margin. There are competitive pressures and others, and that will tend to normalize over the long term, but we will -- we expect to see some benefit.
Daniel Houston: Do you have follow-up, Erik?
Erik Bass: Yes, a follow-up for Pat. Just curious what you're seeing in terms of client demand for fixed income. Has interest started to pick up now that rates have stabilized a bit? And if so, are you seeing new money going into traditional active products? Or is more being allocated to passive?
Patrick Halter: Yes. Great. Thanks, Erik. Thanks for that question. It's been interesting. We actually were in our fixed income sort of portfolio. We had a couple of things that were kind of interesting in the first quarter. One was, as you know, we're very active in preferreds. And given the banking prices, we did have a little bit of outflow from preferreds. Interesting to note, though, as we sort of communicated to investors, and we've gotten sort of maybe on the other side of the banking crisis, investors are now starting to look at preferreds again. And I mentioned that because I think our specialty income sort of capabilities continue to be relevant in the marketplace even with investors moving to money market and to CDs. We do think there's been a little bit of a pause because of that, but there is a lot of active discussions underway about high yield. There's a lot of active discussions I mentioned about preferreds and relatively speaking, things that we think we're very good at like emerging market debt REITs. That activity is also increasing in terms of income-producing investments. So we think that fixed income, once interest rates stabilize and the Fed starts to maybe get in place of not raising rates, there will be maybe more of an interest -- a bigger amount of active investing in fixed income, and we're expecting that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: My first one, Deanna, I just wanted to ask about some of the details about cash flow generation in the quarter. Recognizing your seasonal comments, I can appreciate that. But if I saw -- forgetting about seasonality for a minute, if I saw for normal capital generation in the quarter versus how much you produced, I end up with about a $350 million to $400 million shortfall versus normal. Now I'm assuming PRT consumed around $50 million. The seasonal cash payments that you highlighted, maybe that's another $50 million to $100 million. That would leave me with about a $200 million shortfall. Tell me if that math sort of adds up? And if so, what else would fill in the gaps here?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Tom, for the question. I think the seasonality is greater than what you're giving credit to. If you went back to the roll forward from fourth quarter to first quarter last year, there we deployed approximately $900 million in the quarter, and our capital was reduced by just shy of $900 million. And so again, very modest free cash flow. So you're understating the amount of seasonality. I think maybe the organic opportunities is probably in the ballpark. But really that seasonality is much greater than what you were anticipating in your roll forward. There were some modest one-timers in the quarter. I'd say either they were anticipated in our capital plan, but we knew they would be pressuring first quarter or they will reverse in future quarters, but it's really that seasonality that you're understating, and I take you back to a year ago to kind of do a comparison.
Thomas Gallagher: That's helpful. And then my follow-up is for Pat. The -- this part of -- it's a question on your updated investment disclosure, the $2.9 billion off-balance sheet gain on your equity real estate, if I just look at the carrying value versus the current estimate of market value, that's a very big, we'll call it off-balance sheet gain. How should we think about what we should do with that number? Should we just assume slow, steady monetization and the difference is going to help you produce your alternative return goals? Or would you ever look to do a big acceleration a bigger portfolio sale to create a lot more excess capital?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Let me have Deanna go ahead and respond to that. I gave her responsibility over cap marks.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think there's a couple of things there, Tom. I think -- we obviously haven't disclosed this over a period of time, but this would be something that we've had in our portfolio. Obviously, we're going to do what's right for our investors and our customers over the long term. Sometimes we'll see that offset some credit pressures, other parts of our -- in our portfolio. Sometimes we'll actually roll it into new equity real estate investments. So it doesn't drop to the bottom line. But again, I think your bottom line observation relative to that is right. But again, it's not something that we would pull just to return to our shareholders because, again, we want to do what's right over the long term relative to this portfolio. It's a very high-quality portfolio. It's a very diversified portfolio. And it's something that has served our customers well over many decades. And again, we're very active at looking at those opportunities and pulling triggers and pulling the levers when it makes sense for our customers and our shareholders. But Pat, anything to add there?
Patrick Halter: No, I think that's really well said. Just to add a little bit, Tom, to the dimensionality of it. It is -- does have a big concentration in industrial and has a big concentration in residential. So that's really good. I think we've identified in the office in the past what carrying value is a little over -- a little over $1.5 billion versus the cost base $500 million. So -- but it's a very diversified portfolio. I think we have a lot of flexibility to use the portfolio as Deanna highlighted, and it's well positioned for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Scott: The first one I had is on the RIS expense timing, compensation and other came down a pretty good amount year-over-year. And I know you called out expense timing. So I just wanted to see if you could unpack that a little bit for us. I mean I'm cognizant of the fact that you guys have been very good at managing expenses over time. So I want to understand how much of it is like more pure expense timing versus good old-fashioned expense management, the way you guys have been doing in the last couple of quarters?
Daniel Houston: We try to have good old expense management around here all the time across all the businesses. And I think what makes RIS a little bit unique is the post transaction with the Wells Fargo IRT business. But Chris, do you want to provide some additional detail?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for that, Alex. I mean what I would say is we continue to exercise good disciplined expense management. And I think as I said last quarter, we're committed to maintaining our margins. And so we're going to take the actions that we need to align revenue and expenses. We definitely did see some onetime benefits from some prior period accruals that were no longer needed. We had some timing, which we think will catch up in the quarter over the course of the year. We're delivering on the expenditure synergies from IRT, and we're investing for growth. So when I put all of that together, we -- by the end of the -- through 2023, we expect comp and other to essentially be flat year-over-year. We'll get some good savings, but we're also investing in for future growth as well. So hopefully, that answers the question. The only other thing I'd point out that we haven't highlighted is when we're taking these disciplined expense management, we had about $3 million of severance expense in the first quarter that we didn't call out especially. We had about 7% in the fourth quarter last year, and we had 11 for full year last year. So we're still showing good expense management despite some of those additional severance costs.
Deanna Strable: Now it's just one thing to point. I don't know what you were comparing to. But if you were comparing back to first quarter of '22, that would have included expenses relative to the retail fixed annuity business. Again, that will normalize. And we still had PSA expense and some other items in there as well.
Alexander Scott: Yes. Understood. And then maybe just high level on PGI. Could you talk us through the outlook for flows and any nuances in your portfolio that kind of push it one way or the other? Or should we just think about some of the overall industry pressures? And any color you could provide to help us out there?
Daniel Houston: Pat, please.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Alex. Clearly, I think on the retail side, the platform side, there still continues to be a lot of investor uncertainty relative to market conditions, the economy, inflation, the path of interest rates. And as I mentioned in my response to Erik, there is a lot of money that continues to flow into money market accounts, CDs. And that is, I think, something that will continue to probably be an active area for investors. That being said, I think, as I mentioned earlier, we do like our relative position to specialized investment income products, as I mentioned in my previous response. And I think we will continue to see, as I highlighted, also more active interest in private credit, private debt. Some of the real estate sort of offerings that we believe are viable in this marketplace as we look forward to next year or 2.  And so I think that's an area of potential growth on the institutional side. The equity space, we have some strong equity sort of capabilities. We had a couple of nice wins. I think we highlighted that in the material in the first quarter. So I think there's still uncertainty, there's still a lot of sort of thought capital we need to provide investors were to position themselves in an uncertain marketplace. But our broad-based of investment capabilities, I think, offer a lot of choice to them.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Just an easy one. I want to follow up on [indiscernible] Tom was asking. In the prepared remarks, you talked about the pull forward on your business plan. What's the normal seasonality of deploying capital into the business plan. Is it usually equal in every quarter? And how big is the variance?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I don't think that's an easy answer because every product is different. Again, the one we highlighted was PRT because that was different than what was kind of a normal seasonality where PRT tends to be in a normal year, very back-end loaded, and we saw, again, great opportunity, great returns and wanted to take advantage of that. And so again, seasonality, as I said, first quarter free cash flow, very pressured. Fourth quarter free cash flow, very strong. But again, product-by-product, that seasonality is very, very different.
Operator: We have reached the end of the Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: Yes. I appreciate that, Christine. A couple of quick comments. The first of which we appreciate your insights and your questions. Secondly, a large portion of the management team that's here today was here during that '08, '09 period. We've been through this cycle before, and we'll find an appropriate path through this cycle. Maybe third, just recognizing that we're trying to be very proactive with investors on the disclosures, in particular, around commercial real estate and office because we think it's the right thing to do to provide that level of transparency.  Also, I think it's helpful to understand the clarity and the emergence of our free cash flow, again, reaffirming where we had set out from the beginning of the year. Again, the first quarter has had this historically. And then also to recognize the fundamentals of the markets in which we serve. And by the way, the international markets as well, which we didn't get into a lot of conversation today, has really held up well. So seeing very positive cash flows in both Asia and Latin America. So in spite of some very challenging and what I'd call volatile macroeconomic environment, the markets from which we serve have held up very well, and it's certainly our intention to deliver on the promises we made during our outlook call.  So thank you, and look forward to seeing you on the road. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, May 1, 2023. 13735216 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 877-660-6853 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 201-612-7415 for international callers. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year 2022 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Dan will open the call for questions. Others available for Q&A include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Our 2023 outlook call is scheduled for Thursday, March 2, where we will share enterprise and business unit 2023 and longer term guidance. On Wednesday, March 1, we plan to release a recast fourth quarter 2022 financial supplement. It will include the impacts of the targeted improvements for long-duration insurance contract accounting guidance, or LDTI, which goes into effect with our first quarter 2023 reporting. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss the milestones we achieved in 2022 as we executed on our strategy, along with key highlights from our fourth quarter and full year 2022. Deanna will follow with additional details on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results, our current financial and capital position, as well as an update on LDTI. In 2021, we outlined our strategic path forward, one balanced with a focus on a higher growth, more capital efficient portfolio and a commitment to return more capital to shareholders. This guided our successful execution in 2022 despite a challenging macroeconomic environment. We've made meaningful progress towards our goals and continue to invest in our long-term growth drivers of retirement, global asset management and benefits and protection. In January, we announced an agreement to reinsure our U.S. retail fixed annuity and universal life insurance with secondary guarantee blocks of business. The transaction closed in May and was a key milestone reinforcing our strategic focus on continuing to evolve into a higher growth, higher return, more capital efficient portfolio while improving our overall risk profile. We delivered on our strengthened capital deployment strategy and our commitment to rightsize, return the excess capital that we have built up during the pandemic with $2.3 billion returned to shareholders in 2022 through share repurchases and common stock dividends. We've continued to adapt to the volatile and uncertain macro environment and have taken appropriate actions to manage our expenses with pressured revenue while continuing to serve the needs of our customers, invest for growth and deliver strong total shareholder return. Starting on Slide 2, we reported $1.7 billion of full year 2022 non-GAAP operating earnings, or $6.66 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, earnings per share increased 2% over 2021, a strong result given the pressured macroeconomic environment. As shown on Slide 3, we reported $422 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.70 per diluted share in the fourth quarter. We ended 2022 with $635 billion of total company managed AUM. Unfavorable equity and fixed income markets pressured AUM throughout 2022 and $23 billion was transferred out in the second quarter as part of the reinsurance transaction. Turning to investment performance on Slide 5, our long-term performance remained strong, particularly in our specialty fixed income strategies. The volatile markets impacted our short-term investment performance throughout 2022 as our investment style, which is focused on high-quality growth stocks was out of favor for much of the year. During a volatile and pressured year for asset managers, we generated a positive $3.9 billion of full year total company net cash flow. This was $1 billion higher than our 2021 net cash flow and included $4.4 billion of positive PGI managed net cash flow. This was a very strong result during a period of outflows across the industry. The positive net cash flow in 2022 was driven by strong institutional flows across equities, real estate and specialty fixed income highlighting the value of our diversified distribution through our institutional, retail and retirement channels. Fourth quarter total company net cash flow was negative $3 billion. Net cash flow is typically negative in the fourth quarter for both PGI and RIS-Fee. Similar to other asset managers, we experienced retail platform outflows during the quarter as customers moved cash to the sidelines. While market volatility can impact the timing of when new mandates fund, we are seeing positive momentum with our institutional clients. Early in 2023, we have meaningful commitments for several of our fixed income and special equity strategies, which are expected to fund in the first quarter. The committed pipeline for our real estate products is healthy, which will likely start funding in the second half of the year. Turning to our growth drivers and some additional highlights for the year. In Retirement, we continue to solidify our position as a top retirement provider as we completed the integration of the IRT business in early 2022. The acquisition provides us with new capabilities, additional revenue-generating opportunities and expanded distribution relationships. RIS-Fee contract lapses contributed to negative account value net cash flow in the quarter. The fourth quarter is typically the highest quarter for lapses as plans often change providers at the end of the year. Roughly one-third of the lapsed account value was related to a single, low-fee large case with no principal managed assets. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we anticipate positive net cash flow in light of our sales pipeline. The underlying fundamentals of the Retirement business were strong throughout 2022. Compared to full year 2021, total recurring deposits increased a very strong 26% with a 14% increase on our legacy block. This was driven by employment growth and wage inflation, as well as increases in participant deferrals, company matches and higher incentive compensation. We also saw great opportunities in the future with the passage of SECURE 2.0, a bill for which we advocated. This legislation expands the U.S. retirement market overall, creating greater access to retirement savings plans for businesses and improving long-term savings in financial security for Americans. While it will take time and won't have an immediate impact, we expect that the bill will drive increases in new plant formations employer matches as well as employee participation in deferrals, all of which will help support better retirement readiness and long-term growth in our business. We're uniquely positioned to benefit from SECURE 2.0, thanks to its focus on small and midsized businesses and its support for more cost-effective start-up plans. We're already leaders in this market and applaud the additional options for workers to save more for retirement. Outside the U.S., we continue to focus on markets with compelling growth opportunities where we can leverage our local and global asset management capabilities and lean into established local partners. During the fourth quarter, we extended and strengthened our asset management partnership with CIMB in Southeast Asia. And at the end of the year, we closed our transaction with China Construction Bank Pension Management Company, acquiring a minority ownership stake in the pension company. This is expected to be immediately accretive and grow over time. Both opportunities expand our existing partnerships of more than 17 years with these market-leading wealth management, mutual fund and pension distributors. In Global Asset Management, we continue to unify our investment footprint across more than 80 markets we serve, demonstrated by the launch of Principal Asset Management in October and increasing integration with Principal International. We continue to expand our specialty offering in 2022. As an example, our direct lending team doubled its committed capital and increased their foothold in the middle market throughout the year. Principal Asset Management has once again been named the Best Place to Work in Money Management by pensions and investments. This is the 11th consecutive year we have earned this recognition, and it's a testament to the work of our employees to create a positive culture and deliver results for our customers. In Benefits and Protection, our focus on the small to medium-sized business delivered strong results in 2022. The businesses we serve prioritize providing benefits to attract and retain employees throughout the year. Record sales, strong retention and employment growth is evident in Specialty Benefits results. We deepened our relationships with existing customers, attracted new customers and expanded our market share. In Specialty Benefits, premium and fees increased a robust 11% year-over-year, exceeding the top end of our guidance range, with over half of the growth coming from net new business. Full year sales increased 19% compared to 2021 with continued strong momentum early in 2023. Our focus on business owner and our diversified set of solutions continues to drive results in Individual Life insurance. Full year business market sales hit record levels up 73% year-over-year. This growth included record non-qualified COLI sales. Approximately 50% of these sales were with our retirement plan customers, highlighting the value of our integrated business model. Were delivering on our go forward strategy, transforming our portfolio businesses, resulting in a higher multiple and increased shareholder value. We have de-risked our portfolio, reduced our balance sheet risk and our less capital intensive. We have sharpened our focus on higher growth markets, investing in our business and leveraging our competitive advantages all while returning more capital to shareholders. While 2023 presents its own challenges, we have a good line of sight and confidence in achieving our long-term financial targets. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning Ill share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full year, our current financial and capital position, as well as an update on LDTI. Full year reported net income attributable to principal was $4.8 billion, excluding income from exited businesses net income was $1.5 billion for the full year with manageable credit losses of $48 million. Fourth quarter non-GAAP net income, excluding exited businesses was $504 million with $12 million of credit losses. As a reminder, the income from exited business is non-economic and is driven by the change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivative. Importantly, it doesnt impact our capital or free cash flow and can be extremely volatile quarter-to-quarter. We also had positive credit drift during the year further demonstrating the quality of our balance sheet. We reported full year non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.7 billion or $6.66 per diluted share including $422 million or $1.70 per diluted share in the fourth quarter. Excluding significant variances full year non-GAAP operating earnings was $1.7 billion or $6.77 per diluted share, this included $420 million in the fourth quarter or $1.69 per diluted share. Compared to full year 2021, we increased earnings per share 2% as the benefit from share repurchases and strong customer growth was partially offset by macroeconomic pressures on earnings. As detailed on Slide 15, we had several significant variances that virtually offset and had a slight net positive impact on non-GAAP operating earnings during the fourth quarter. On a pre-tax basis, benefits from lower DAC amortization higher than expected Latin American Encaje performance and favorable Brazilian inflation more than offset lower than expected variable investment income. These had a net positive impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of approximately $5 million pre-tax, $2 million after tax, and $0.01 per diluted share. While variable investment income was positive for the quarter, we experienced lower than expected alternative investment returns, prepayment fees and real estate sales. Macroeconomic volatility continued in the fourth quarter and pressured earnings in our fee-based businesses. The S&P 500 daily average decreased 3% from the third quarter of 2022, 16% from the fourth quarter of 2021 and 4% on a full year basis. Relative to our 2022 outlook, the full year 2022 S&P 500 daily average was 17% lower than we expected heading into the year and fixed income returns were approximately 18% lower. This unfavorable market performance negatively impacted AUM, account values, fee revenue margins and earnings in RIS-Fee and PGI throughout the year. Headwinds from foreign exchange rates pressured reported pre-tax operating earnings by a negative $5 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 and a negative $21 million for the full year. It was immaterial compared to the third quarter of 2022. Throughout 2022, we took actions across the enterprise to manage expenses as fee revenue was pressured as we have during previous periods of unfavorable macroeconomics. Our efforts have paid off, on a full year basis, compensation and other expenses excluding significant variances were 3% lower than 2021 and fourth quarter expenses were 8% lower than the fourth quarter of 2021, despite approximately $15 million of elevated severance and restructuring expenses across the fee-based businesses in the quarter. Some expenses naturally adjusted throughout the year like incentive compensation and other variable cost, and we took actions to reduce other expenses while continuing to balance investments for growth. As a result, we didnt see the typical 7% to 10% increase in compensation and other expenses this fourth quarter relative to the average of the first three quarters. Turning to the business units, the following comments on fourth quarter and full year results exclude significant variances. RIS-Fees margin improved in the fourth quarter, but end of the year below guidance as the benefit from IRT expense synergies was more than offset by unfavorable market performance, which pressured fees and net revenues throughout the year. Through the end of 2022, weve realized more than $80 million of run rate expense synergies and are well on track to realize the full $90 million in 2023. RIS-Spread net revenue growth and pre-tax margin exceeded our post-transaction guidance for the full year. Favorable investment income, a benefit from rising short-term interest rates and growth in the business helped offset the impacts of the reinsurance transaction. We completed $1.9 billion of pension risk transfer sales in 2022, including more than $750 million in the fourth quarter. The PRT pipeline remains very strong as we head into the first quarter. PGIs pre-tax margin was 39% for the full year and at the low end of our guidance range despite significant macro headwinds throughout the year. The overall management fee rate of approximately 29 basis points remain stable. And Principal International pre-tax operating earnings were pressured throughout 2022 as underlying growth in the business was masked by the regulatory fee reduction in Mexico and foreign exchange headwinds. On a constant currency basis, full year pre-tax operating earnings increased 5% over 2021 with strong growth in Brazil and Chile. In Specialty Benefits, pre-tax operating earnings and premium fees both increased the strong 11% over full year 2021. This was fueled by record sales as well as strong retention and employment growth while maintaining disciplined expense management and a stable loss ratio. Turning to capital and liquidity, despite the volatile environment, we remain in a strong financial position heading into 2023. We ended 2022 with $1.5 billion of excess and available capital. This is above our targeted levels as we felt it was prudent to be disciplined due to the uncertain and volatile macro environment. This included approximately $1 billion at the holding company, $200 million above our $800 million target, $425 million in our subsidiaries, and $80 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio estimated to be 406% at the end of the year. Our leverage ratio is low at 22% and within our 20% to 25% targeted range. We have the financial flexibility, discipline, and experience necessary to manage through this time of macro volatility and uncertainty. As shown on Slide 4, we returned $2.3 billion to shareholders in 2022, including nearly $1.7 billion of share repurchases and more than $640 million of common stock dividends. We also deployed $300 million to debt reduction and approximately $200 million towards M&A bringing our full year capital deployments to $2.8 billion. In the fourth quarter, we returned more than $400 million to shareholders with $250 million of share repurchases and $156 million of common stock dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the first quarter in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both a life company and the holding company and will continue with a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment as we head into 2023. Our investment portfolio is high quality and a good fit for our liability profile. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio is very high quality with an average loan to value of 46% and an average debt service coverage ratio of 2.5 times. We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives and high risk sectors, and importantly, our liabilities are long-term and we have disciplined asset liability management. Additional details of our investment portfolio are available in the appendix of the slides. As a reminder, LDTI goes into effect in the first quarter. Importantly, this doesnt change our underlying economics, free cash flow generation or our capital position, but it will have an impact on our reported financial results. We plan to release a recast fourth quarter supplement on March 1, the night before our 2023 outlook call. The most notable impact to total company non-GAAP operating earnings is a change to the geography of some variable annuity fees, moving the hedging related fees below the line. This will reduce our operating earnings by approximately $60 million on an annual basis with no corresponding impact to net income, free cash flow generation or our capital position. In addition, there will be impacts to segment earnings that will largely offset at a consolidated level. More details will be shared during our upcoming outlook call. Moving to equity, the transition impact from the adoption of LDTI will decrease total stockholders equity by approximately $5.3 billion as of January 1, 2021 with nearly all of the impact in AOCI. Sitting here today, we expect the impact of stockholders equity from LDTI to be slightly positive as of the fourth quarter of 2022, as interest rates have risen significantly from where they were at the beginning of 2021. 2022 was a transformative year for Principal as we completed the reinsurance transactions mid-year, executed on our go-forward strategy and strengthened our capital management and deployment approach. Were focused on maximizing our growth drivers of retirement, global asset management and benefits and protection, which will drive long-term growth for the enterprise and long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much, and good morning. Other asset managers have announced employee count reductions given lower assets. No. Principal always has expense discipline approach with expenses down enterprise wide and there was a comment about severance in the Fee business. Can you maybe talk about how youre viewing staffing levels in PGI and maybe more color on that severance in the Fee business, please?
Dan Houston: Yes, good morning, John, good to hear from you. Just at a high level, as I said in my prepared comments, this is something we do every day, every quarter, every month, and to align our expenses with revenues, and again, credit goes to Pat and Kamal for their discipline within PGI. And I think what hell talk about is not only steps were taking in right-sizing, but also places where were investing, adding talent to build out organic capabilities to meet investor demand. So Pat, please.
Pat Halter: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. So maybe just to kind of set the stage, as Dan mentioned, were very focused on operating margins and as you saw in the fourth quarter operating margin tipped a little bit below 37%, 36.8%, which is down from the third quarter of 38.4%. And that was clearly pressured as you highlight in terms of the volatility, investor risk aversion and resulting in lower average AUM in terms of fee generation. And we focus on that, absolutely in a very sort of a purposeful way as we think about managing our organization. We think our management team continues to be very, very disciplined in terms of, as you suggest, expense management, and its really aligning those revenues and those expenses. And clearly the fourth quarter required us to align the revenue with expenses, given the challenging and marketplace. Were going to continue to be, I think, very focused on looking at activities that frankly are not producing growth and revenue contribution for the organization. Thats our main focus in terms of our expense management proposition. I want to make sure we clearly are staying focused on client interest and serving our clients very, very well. So our teams continue to be focused on that, that is very important. But also its very important, John, to highlight that were continuing to make sure that we are absolutely investing and challenging our teams to invest where we can maintain long-term growth and long-term, I think, revenue for the organization. So were going to continue to be very focused on expense management, but were going to be very focused also on investing in talent where we need talent and in terms of capabilities so that we continue to be relevant as investor interest shift and as capabilities shift in terms of their desires. Were going to continue to invest in our distribution which we have, which is very important to our growth and were going to continue to further develop our private investment capabilities. Thats very important to our growth going forward also. So I really want to make sure that we highlight the growth centric  centricity about were going to continue to do and our management team is focused on that. In terms of expenses, we had some severance expenses in the fourth quarter, around $5 million of the severance expenses. For the year, our expenses were up around 2% year-over-year. And thats obviously something that we are very conscientious of to make sure that those expenses stay in a very reasonable level in terms of our ability to continue to invest for growth, but continue to be very focused on margins.
Dan Houston: That help, John?
John Barnidge: It is very helpful. Thank you. And my follow-up question, exciting news in early January about the pension joint venture. Can you talk about maybe how thats going to impact your business prospects in China? Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes, so thanks for calling that out, John, really appreciate that. Were excited about expanding our relationship with China Construction Bank. As you know, weve had a 17-year relationship with China Construction Bank, including asset management and retail funds, so adding retirement and all four pillars by the way of the China retirement scheme is included as part of that JV. As I said in the earlier comments, the transaction will be accretive and we look forward to deploying resources against that opportunity, and again, establishing Principals positioning as being a global retirement player along with asset management. So thanks for the question.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first just had a question on flows in the asset management business. If you can talk about to what extent are they being affected by the overall environment that the asset managers are facing versus maybe your performance getting a little worse over the past year? And then I had a question similarly on your outlook for flows in the retirement business obviously this quarter feed retirement flows were pressured because of the lapse of a large case, but whats the  whats your outlook in terms of deferral rates, matching contributions and just flows in that business in the current environment?
Dan Houston: Well, thats a great question. I appreciate that, Jimmy, and Ill have both Pat and Chris respond. But before I do that, just maybe at a high level, I think whats interesting is the way we report, and again, thats on us on how we do this. But it reflects the Morningstar retail funds of which thats a minority share of our overall asset management capabilities. And we actually have very strong performance in particular around the fixed income, which as you knowas in very high demand and Pat will cover a lot of that. And then secondly, just to note that, its  some of the most sophisticated investors out there are actually buying third quartile performance, because they have confidence in the manager and the strategies themselves. And we have a very positive outlook on whats in the pipeline today and some commitments that have been made. So I know the correlation between investment performance must yield net cash flow, but I think there are instances of where you find a growth strategies like ours maybe a bit out of favor and therefore the commitments come in, in spite of not having one-year performance. But a reminder, our long-term performance remains very strong. With that, Ill turn it over to Pat.
Pat Halter: Yes. Jimmy, maybe just to start off with sort of the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter always is challenging, typically, thats a very challenging seasonal quarter. But it was even more challenging because of the investor sentiment that we experienced in the fourth quarter. It was a sentiment of basically being risk off and positioning their portfolios with a waiting of concern. Concern about the fed, concern about the path of inflation, nervousness around the economic growth and related company earnings. So this risk off sort of impact was amplified, particularly in the mutual fund investor base in addition to being sort of focused on accelerating their holdings for tax management reasons, which offset some of the capital gains in this period. So we definitely saw lower sales, but also elevated withdrawals in our retail mutual fund business. And were not unique in the industry as a result of that. We definitely have seen outflows in fourth quarter. They were in equities predominantly, but also in fixed income. We also experienced in the fourth quarter, Jimmy, I think, a slowdown in real estate for the first time in terms of new investment activity. But I rest assured we have a very deep strong pipeline of committed capital in real estate. But given market conditions, we did not deploy as much of that new capital into the markets in the fourth quarter. Just for framing, for net cash flow for the full year, we continue to see a very strong net cash flow picture. And I think thats a better view of a net cash flow in terms of trends, we are very pleased to see that managed net cash flow for the year, about $3.9 billion, Jimmy. And this is up about $1 billion from 2021, which net cash flow of around $2.9 billion. So we continue to see, I think, some strong longer term, I think expectations toward our ability to generate net cash flow. Dan, as we highlights beginning of the year, we definitely are seeing a change in sentiment. Investor behavior is becoming, I think, a more sort of positive in terms of tone, both in the equity particular in the fixed income markets. And I think one area that I think were going to be, I think, quite well prepared and well, I think, equipped in terms of the [indiscernible] is in terms of fixed income investments in the flows towards that. We have a great lineup of fixed income investments, where its preferred high yield emerging market debt, and all those fixed income investments are in the first quartile in terms of Morningstar performance on one, three and five-year basis. And I think well continue to see flows in the real estate debt and the private credit space where we still have, I think, some very strong performance. So I think as we kind of look forward in terms of 2023 I think were well positioned in terms of our ability with the investment performance that we have to continue to attract capital. Well probably see our real estate flows be a little bit more second half orientated, because I think we need to have some of the, like, [indiscernible] evaluations. But Ill just suggest to you Jimmy that performance is absolutely on our focus list. But it really requires us to be more deeper when we talk about investment performance to look at the type of investments we are absolutely seeing money in motion toward. And the trend relative to that is definitely in our direction in terms of our capabilities. So very constructive, I think we have a strong off-season lineup in terms of investment capabilities and look forward to capturing the shifts in the investor sentiment, which is quite positive at this point.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Pat. Chris, some additional highlights on RIS.
Chris Littlefield: Yes, great. Yes. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. So I think as Dan mentioned, as we've indicated in the past, the fourth quarter is a high outflow quarter for us as plans change a lot. And similarly we see the opposite effect in the first quarter as sales come on. The other thing I'd noticed that when we have institutional large plans flows, those can be volatile and lumpy in a quarter, both on the deposit side and withdrawal side. And we certainly saw that in the fourth quarter with that single low fee large plan, which was about $3 billion in assets, none of which were managed by Principal. So we definitely saw that volatility. I mean, I think as we've talked about it, net cash flow is one lens, but we also look at the underlying fundamentals of the business and how we're doing in earning Principal investment management mandates. And if we look at how we're focused on profitability and driving increased revenues, we have very good trends in earning Principal managed assets throughout 2022 across all segments. We saw significant fewer investment changes out of Principal managed investments in the fourth quarter, and we're seeing significance to assess winning mandates from existing customers who came over from IRT, all of which are very healthy. If we look at our historic strength in SMB for the full year, just looking at SMB flows, net cash flow was over $2 billion for 2022. So also health in that core part of our market. If we look at the fundamentals, I think Dan mentioned recurring deposits where we see healthy recurring deposit trends. The number of participants deferring are up, the number of participants receiving a match are up. The average match dollars are up and the number of participants with account value are all up. So healthy trends there and specifically with respect to the first quarter, again, we do see seasonality. It tends to be a higher inflow quarter for us. We think that trend will continue. We expect to see positive net cash flow due to higher sales and healthy recurring deposit trends in the first quarter. So feel overall good about the overall business.
Dan Houston: Jimmy a lot of detail there. Was that helpful?
Jimmy Bhullar: It was very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. First question, just on capital as we think about 2023. I think Deanna in your comments you talked about having some prudence in terms of managing capital. But can you give us a sense of just capital return for next year, what your thoughts are and maybe couch it as a percentage of earnings? I know it's all going to change under LDTI, but maybe under the current accounting construct if you could just help us with that.
Dan Houston: Yes, please go ahead.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Suneet, what I'd say is we plan to give more color on our 2023 capital deployment at Outlook, but I think you can go back to kind of what we've talked about. We continue to feel that 75% to 85% of net income is a really good free cash flow percentage given our portfolio of businesses and how we think about very high bars relative to organic deployment of capital. We are rolling over a slightly higher excess capital as we go into 2023 and we'll assess whether to deploy that as we go throughout the year as we get more clarity on the economic environment. So that's how I would think about it. But again, we look forward to discussing that more in early March.
Dan Houston: Follow up, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Yes, I did have  just one that just jumped out at me a little bit was the LDTI disclosure. The $60 million impact is not big for the overall company, but I think it's a decent percentage of RISV or certainly larger than I thought. So maybe if you could just  can you just tell us like how much of RISV earnings come from variable annuities?
Dan Houston: Yes, please.
Deanna Strable: Yes. That isn't something that we disclose. What I would say is, as you're aware, we have about $9 billion enforce block of VA business. That business has consistently performed very well and contributed to our overall retirement franchise. We've always managed that on a net income basis because we knew there was some differences between the geographies of the fees and where the hedging gains and losses do. As we went through the LDTI process, which we've been working on for many, many years we got a better information that allowed us to split the fees between hedging and non-hedging fees. And even though there's not a consistent treatment of this across the peers, we think this is a better alignment of those fees as well as where those hedging gains and losses go. So again, we like our VA business, it's a key part of our retirement franchise. It's performed well given how we've managed that in a very disciplined approach. And ultimately we continue to think that'll be a part of a contributor to our retirement franchise going forward. You didn't ask it, but I did want to just mention the other impacts of LDTI. Even though the $60 million is what we think is the enterprise impact, we actually do see some other impacts to operating earnings with items such DAC. The reason that we didn't include those is they virtually offset at a enterprise level  very immaterial at an enterprise level. We do expect to see some positive impacts in RIS offset by some negative impacts in individual life. But we plan to give you much more clarity on that when we recast our fourth quarter supplement the night before our Outlook Call in early March.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the questions, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. I also have some capital questions. So 4Q buybacks, it came in lower than what you shared with us in the third quarter of that $450 million range. I mean, you did say the level of buybacks would depend on market conditions and market recovery came in later in the quarter. So my question is, should we expect to catch up in 2023 for coming in below your annual plan of $2.5 billion to $3 billion for the year to shareholder?
Dan Houston: Yes. Tracy, it's a good question. Hopefully you can appreciate given this volatile economic environment that we're in. This isn't a matter of conservatism, it's a matter of just being incredibly prudent and understanding how these businesses are going to perform. But with that, I'll ask Deanna provide you with additional clarity.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think it's important to go back and think about the underlying market conditions that underpinned our $2.5 billion to $3 billion at Outlook. And as we went throughout the year, obviously we saw equity market daily averages be 17% lower than what would've been included in that outlook and as impactful fixed income values were 18% lower. And obviously that range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion didn't contemplate that level of macro pressures as we went through the year. I actually think if you fast forward and look at our full year results, $2.3 billion to  relative to that $2.5 billion to $3 billion range, and the fact that even if you just look at the excess capital in our holdco and our lifeco, which was virtually $300 million at the end of the year. If you would've deployed that and again, going back to Dan's comment, given the volatility and the uncertainty on 2023 we made the decision to be prudent, we would've been at $2.6 billion. So while within that range, despite the macro pressure that we saw through the year and that macro pressure is on those fee businesses that have a higher level of free capital flow. So as we go into 2023 we're going to continue to be prudent. Obviously as we thought about fourth quarter, I'd say our excess capital ended the year slightly higher than what we thought. But there's always timing between when you put your share buyback plans in place and when you see some of that free capital flow actually materialized during the quarter. And as you mentioned, markets were actually throughout the quarter got more positive toward the end. So as we move into 2023 and we'll talk about it more on Outlook Call, we'll continue that. If things go well, there is a path to bringing down that level of excess capital. But our approach to capital deployment and capital management will be consistent with what you've seen throughout 2022.
Dan Houston: Follow up, Tracy.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. And just sticking with the macro, and you may touch upon this on your 2023 Outlook Call, if we enter recession this year, even a shallow one what type of credit risk and impairment scenarios are you thinking about? I remember back at the onset of the pandemic, you thought about $400 million to $800 million of losses that didn't end up materializing.
Dan Houston: Yes, you're correct. Deanna, you want to frame that for us in terms of our outlook?
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple things I'll put into perspective there, Tracy. The first thing I would say is our balance sheet is different than it was when we went into the pandemic. So, the first thing you'd saw is we did reinsure $20 billion to $25 billion away. And so just on a dollar amount perspective, the credit losses that we would see in the drift impact would be lessened relative to that. I'd also say and point you to our investment portfolio that we gave a highlight of in our slides today. And if you look across that you can continue to see that we have a very high quality balance sheet that is also very well fit with our liabilities that we sit here today. We ended full year 2022 with actually positive impacts of drift and very little net income or capital gains and losses and so a very modest impact. We'll give more color on the dollar amount for 2023. But as we sit here today, we do think it'll go back to more of a normal level thinking that $100 million range but obviously very, very manageable when you think about capital. And we'll continue to make sure we update you on that as we go forward.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the questions, Tracy. We really do feel good about the quality of that portfolio. Even in a challenging time it is truly been positioned to weather this sort of challenging environment. So appreciate the question. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. So we've seen a number of companies announced layoffs recently and it seems like more of this is coming from large employers. I was hoping you could talk about what youre seeing in terms of employment trends from your clients? And how this affects your outlook for both retirement recurring deposits as well as specialty benefits premiums?
Dan Houston: Yes, Ill try to make a couple of high level comments then throw it over to Amy to provide it. And you may have already seen Erik, I picked up in the Wall Street Journal a couple of weeks ago and it was January 26, but they had actually gone back to February of 2020. And in that period of time since February of 2020, SMBs under 250 employees had actually hired 3.67 million individuals and that was net of layoffs and quits. Likewise on employers more than 250 employees the large businesses if you will, they had cut net 800,000 jobs. Our focus is not on hospitality, its not on retail, it is really around the professional businesses. And Amy is really truly one of our experts around the SMB. So Amy, hows it impacting our business? And then maybe well get Chris to make a couple of comments on the retirement side as well.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So, youve done a nice job, Dan, talking about kind of the broad macro conditions. When we look at our block, and again, theres going to be no surprise in this, our block is performing really well from an employment growth perspective. So, what were seeing and what we would extrapolate to kind of the larger small business is that the sector, and Dan pointed it out, that really is holding up very strongly in terms of employment growth is that under 200 employees, under 250 employees. Were still seeing 4.8% growth in that employment growth in that marketplace. So, I think our message has been small employers will keep hiring and the facts have been small, employers are keeping hiring. So, when we look at that, what Id consider sort of heading into the mid-size, it does begin to taper back just a little bit. So instead of that 4.8%, wed see something thats closer to that 4%, 4.3% in that, lets call it mid-size 200 to 1,000 employees. Once you pop above that 1,000 employees, that is definitely where youre seeing some of the noticeable employment deterioration. Now, I would note that does skew a little bit even towards jumbo. Again, our block begins to tell us less, because we just dont have as much in that segment, particularly for group benefits. But what were seeing is, is you hover around still those mid- sizes of having 1,000 and 2,000 employees, the impacts on employment still are not as pronounced as the ones were seeing happening in that really larger jumbo marketplace.
Dan Houston: Very helpful. Chris, anything to add on the SMB space?
Chris Littlefield: Well, I mean, I Think the trends are very, very similar. So, we see good growth and momentum in the small-to-mid, and were watching for the large and jumbo markets as we head into 2023.
Dan Houston: Very good. Erik, follow-up?
Erik Bass: Dan, thank you for the caller there. Its just one follow-up on capital. Your excess capital increased about a $100 million quarter-over-quarter despite deploying $600 million, that implies you generated about $700 million in the quarter, which I think is more than a 100% of earnings. Its a good, just hoping you could talk a little bit about the drivers of the capital growth this quarter. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, just a couple of comments. We do tend to see a little bit better free cash flow towards the end of the year. Some of that is just more due to movement in some of our unregulated businesses, and when we actually dividend up some of that capital. But again, we saw a continuation of just really good trends with all of our businesses really focused on holding the right amount of capital and only deploying capital when we could get the returns that we did. And so again, obviously that the fourth quarter deployment did include that approximately $200 million toward M&A. We had obviously earmarked that coming into the year and then made that were very pleased to make that deployment in fourth quarter, but there is some seasonality that makes fourth quarter a little bit higher relative to free cash flow.
Dan Houston: Is that helpful, Erik?
Erik Bass: Got it. Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. My first question is on the net investment income and just overall sort of sensitivity to interest rates. I know, you all disclosed some sensitivities and, its fairly low, but theres sort of two components to that, sort of the lost earnings from AUM declining when rates go up. But then also the benefits that youd get in net investment income and the two things, the timing may not always match up and it struck me as a pretty strong quarter from a net investment income standpoint. So, I just want to understand like how we can expect that to unfold from here? What are the underlying elements within fee and retire  in the spread business in retirement that are benefiting from rates and to what degree should that continue as rates remain elevated?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Alex. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ill make some comments and then see if Chris has anything to add relative to RIS on lines of business. So first of all, I think it is important to understand that that sensitivity that we give is a trailing 12-month basis that kind of assumes the interest rate happens kind of at the beginning. We see very obviously negative pressure on our fixed income values that impacts our revenue in both RIS and PGI. And you kind of see that continue and then as you start to invest some new money, see some cash yields go up, youll see that the benefits start to offset that to then get to a pretty muted overall impact in the trailing 12 months. And so again, you did see that transpire in the fourth quarter. I do think its important when you look at our total company net investment income and compare it to last quarter, theres kind of two dynamics I want to point out. One dynamic is obviously variable investment income was not as negative in the fourth quarter as it was in the third quarter. And then you also, because of equity method accounting for our Brazil joint venture, the strong earnings that we saw in Brazil partially due to inflation, its flowing through that line of business as well. So you need to kind of take that part out. And then what youre getting to is, you are starting to see some impact from the higher interest rates. Youll see that our new money that were investing in is earning a higher rate. Were also because of increase in treasury rates, youre going to see that what were earning on cash, what were earning on escrow and PGI is seeing some benefits from that. I do think its important to point out, especially in RIS, is that some of that increase you see in that investment income then gets credited back out to our customers in our BC&S line. And so it doesnt fall to the bottom line as you think about that, But specifically to the bank and trust business in RIS, I think those are the businesses that are benefiting from those higher levels of interest rates. But Ill see if Chris has anything to add there.
Chris Littlefield: No, I think you captured it well. I mean we certainly are seeing, I think the thing to step back is we do look at RIS as a single business fee and spread together, particularly post IRT and the lines of blurring between fee and spread. And so we get the diversification benefit by managing those businesses together. The resilience of the spread businesses when with really compelling returns and the lift they get from short-term interest rates helps offset the pressure that we see from down equity markets. So, we definitely saw some rising short-term rates in fee. We saw rising rates, we saw growth in our retained business and higher investment yields in spread. And some of the net revenue beat was really largely macro driven, which is really strong equity performance during the quarter. The open to close was up about 7%, which helped drive overall separate account returns. So, I think thats an explanation for the quarter.
Dan Houston: Very helpful. Alex follow-up?
Alex Scott: Yes, that was very helpful, thank you. Follow-up, I had, just to go back to variable annuities for a second to make sure I understand. So, when you all took a portion of the fees, and move it below the line, and considering that the cost associated with some of those riders and hedging, could you unpack, how you did that in terms of, is it relative to attributed fees that under LDTIs so youre sort of included enough fees below the line to cover the attributed fees at this point or? Is there anything about that dynamic thatll be below the line that I should be thinking about particularly, as it relates to the attributed fees and how theyll compare to the actual fees that are being put below one?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Alex, thats exactly what you talked about is, we went through the process of LDTI, it actually allowed us to attribute the fees to how much is coming relative to the hedging cost of those  of how we manage that business and how much of the fees are other fees more relative to the non-hedging aspects of that product. And so again, that dollar amounts that we charge our customers for those hedging costs, well move down below the line. Those are pretty stable quarter-to-quarter and they will then more offset the hedging gains and losses that always have shown up below the line in our realized capital gains and losses. So its exactly what you talked about. It had nothing to do with market value adjustments or any of those types of things that also could have arisen out of LDTI really, ours was really just that geography and attributive fees.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the questions, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. I have a question on more on consolidated G&A expenses, given that you took action, and didnt have the normal higher seasonal 4Q expenses. I guess my question is like, as we look forward into 2023 like should we actually expect expenses to come down from the fourth quarter run rate given that there are, I assume still some seasonal things that impacted the fourth quarter? Or is that kind of a decent level to just think about going forward?
Pat Halter: Yes, Dan will handle it, but I would just simply say this, we are going to continue, as I said earlier, to liner expenses with our revenues and we dont have a crystal ball on what a full 2023 looks like except to say were going to be incredibly disciplined and always look to be opportunistic about taking out expenses while at the same time making sure we dont starve the businesses and invest for growth. Maybe Deanna would like to add some additional color. 
Deanna Strable: Yes, a couple things that Ill say there, we did say in our prepared remarks that we had about $15 [ph] million of severance and restructuring cost in the quarter. We did not identify that as a significant variance, partially because we saw, again as you mentioned, our normal fourth quarter seasonality of expenses did not materialize. And so even with those severance cost in there, our overall fourth quarter expenses actually were very aligned with what we wanted them to be. We have severance in every quarter, but obviously it was a little bit more elevated as we go in we went into the fourth quarter. As I think about 2023, you have a lot of moving parts, right? One moving part is some of our incentive compensation kind of resets and ultimately that could have an increase in some of our expenses as we go into 2023. But having said that, were going to continue to focus on all of our expense experts across the enterprise. You have highlighted kind of the alignment with revenue given macro, but as youre also aware, we continue to make very good progress on the realization of our synergies in the RIS business as well as trying to manage through the stranded costs that came out of us exiting our retail fixed annuity and our ULSG lines of business. On both of those, were actually in line to slightly ahead of where we thought we would be at this point. And then we again have added in the efforts to also make sure, were aligning with the macro pressures while continuing to make the right investments to drive long-term growth. And so, its really hard to say where macros going to be as we go in. Weve obviously had a really good start to January. I think all we know is that we think therell be continued volatility and were going to continue to do what weve done in any period of volatility and pressure is to make sure we align that expenses with revenue. Whereas if you look at both fourth quarter and full year, you can see our change in comp and other is very aligned with our change in net revenue, which I think is testament to that alignment.
Dan Houston: Hopefully that helps. Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. Follow-up was on the investment portfolio. I appreciate all the detailed updates that you provided in the slides. I guess  just on commercial mortgage loans that the LTV looks, continues to look very favorable. Can you give any color just on to what extent youve attempted to, I guess, reappraise the portfolio and reflect potential downside, the property value maybe particularly in office?
Dan Houston: Yes, we look at that constantly and again, credit goes to Pat and his team, Todd Everett, for having really put together a very competitive and high quality commercial portfolio. Pat, additional color?
Pat Halter: Yes, Ryan. Great. Sort of follow-up question, I think from a bottom up perspective, we are absolutely always interrogating our commercial mortgage portfolio and in our fixed income portfolio to make sure that we really understand what the macroeconomic environment is doing to each one of our investments. So, we have a very disciplined bottom up perspective to both our fixed income and our commercial mortgage portfolio relative to its position and resilience to what we believe would be a recession environment for 2023. But we also do a top down sort of model sort of stress analysis of our portfolio and on both sides of the analysis, both the bottom up and the top down, our commercial mortgage portfolio continues to hold up very, very well Ryan, and you highlighted some of the material that we already provided, but we continue to see very strong resilience in terms of the income durability of the investments we have in commercial mortgages. The area that you would imagine we take extreme sort of I think vigilance on right now is our office portfolio. We have about a 100 loans for about $3.5 billion in our office portfolio. But even there, as we do our sort of bottom up and our top down analysis, our office portfolio has a 52% loan-to-value debt service coverage about 2.7 times. Its 90% occupied. That continues to hold up quite well. But as you can imagine, were doing again, a lot of bottom up on scenario analysis on tenant rollover, lease maturities, how much some of the properties are giving back space to the markets. And that will continue to be a very strong vigilance for us as we go into 2023, but were not seeing any sort of major problems surface yet in terms of our overall portfolio or in that office part of our portfolio Ryan.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Pat.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Ryan. Appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you very much. Just following up a little bit on Jimmys question, I understand that a lot of the assets in the portfolio are institutional and not rated by Morningstar, but youve probably done a lot of work on the retail side. Can you talk about how quickly from the moment you get great Morningstar results, you see funds flow in and to the extent when the results arent as strong retail funds flow out?
Dan Houston: I wish it were easier than it is, because as mentioned Josh, we actually have some third quartile performance thats seeing large net cash flow and new sales a lot of attention. So the correlation sometimes, is very difficult. Youd think theyd be highly correlated, but the reality is, theyre not necessarily correlated and a lot has to do with its whats in favor at any given time. But Pat, you can clean that up for me.
Pat Halter: Yes, Josh clearly, Morningstar benchmarking is utilized to inform advisors, gatekeepers, individuals in terms of how well our capabilities and our strategies are doing relative to other investment managers. But its more complicated to that because decision makers, gatekeepers are really looking at not just the one year performance; theyre looking at three year, five year since and session performance. Theyre also looking at, things such as the investor style, the approach they take in terms of their actual investment portfolio, pricing in the portfolios. In terms of portfolio construction, theres a lot of other things that multi-strategy solution providers look at outside of performance in terms of diversification to their overall mix of performance. So its much more nuanced in terms of just performance relative to the movement of capital toward a capability away from a capability. And as Dan mentioned, there really is no sort of direct correlation between a timeframe as to when a Morningstar rating is X versus Y in terms of an net cash flow. Its informative for us to have that because its very important in the eyes of advisors to continue to evaluate our sort of capabilities, but it doesnt have a direct correlation as you suggest.
Dan Houston: Quick follow-up, Josh?
Josh Shanker: Yes, on the institutional fixed side, are you seeing any changes in the strategies that youre winning mandates for given views about recession or given views about inflation or whatnot? Have these styles that you engage in change on the fixed side?
Pat Halter: Yes, its really great sort of follow-up too. Were seeing the fixed income side some real strong interest, particularly right now auto blocks and 2023 and high yield. Were seeing also a pivot again toward the emerging market debt space and we continue to see private debt, private credit interests from institutional investors. So institutional investors are engaged and fixed income in a very clear, purposeful way right now. And I think well continue to see very long-term trends from institutional investors towards alternative investment classes, including real estate and including the debt capabilities in the private space.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Dan Houston: Yes, thanks for joining the call today and again, apologies for those in the queue that we did not have a chance to get to Humphrey and his team will follow-up accordingly. From our perspective, 2022 was a transformative year. We de-risked our portfolio, reduced the balance sheet, and our businesses are less capital intensive and theyve been historically. Well continue to focus on investing in our growth drivers, managing our expenses and revenues and returning excess capital to shareholders. Well share more about our 2023 outlook and long-term guidance on March 2 outlook call. Thank you for taking time out of your valuable day to be part of this Q&A. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day March 23, 2023. 1373-5216 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 877-660-6853 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 201- 612-7415.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir. 
Humphrey Lee : Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's third quarter 2022 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver prepared remarks. Then we'll open the call for questions. Others available for Q&A include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, US Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan? 
Dan Houston: Thanks Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll touch on key performance and business highlights for the third quarter. Deanna will follow with additional details on our financial results, including our annual assumption review and an update on our financial and capital position. Our third quarter results demonstrate the strength, resilience and value of our diversified business strategy. We remain focused on aligning expenses with revenues to help offset some of the near-term pressure on our fee-based margins from unfavorable equity and fixed income market performance. At the same time, we continue investing for growth to fulfill customer needs and expand our capabilities to support our growth drivers. Starting on Slide 2, we reported $427 million of non-GAAP operating earnings, or $1.69 per diluted share in the third quarter. Excluding significant variances, earnings per share of $1.60 decreased 2% from the third quarter of 2021. We returned more than $600 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter and $1.9 billion year-to-date through share repurchases and common stock dividends. We also paid down $300 million of debt that matured during the quarter, a commitment we made coming out of our strategic review to lower our leverage ratio and maintain a strong financial profile. We closed the third quarter with $608 billion of total company AUM pressured by unfavorable equity and fixed income performance, as well as foreign exchange headwinds in the quarter. Our long-term relative investment performance remains strong and our short-term relative performance improved over the second quarter despite continued market volatility. This performance is further enhanced by the strong absolute returns and other alpha-producing funds, which are not included in the Morningstar ratings. Third quarter total company net cash flow was a positive $2.4 billion. This included $2.3 billion of PGI managed net cash flow driven by strong institutional flows across equities, real estate and specialty fixed income. Our differentiated investment solutions and our diversified distribution across institutional wealth and retirement channels helped generate nearly $7 billion of positive total company net cash flow year-to-date. Earlier this month we launched an extension of the Principal brand to further spotlight our investment capabilities. By launching Principal Asset Management, we can more clearly leverage the strong brand equity of Principal, while also highlighting our deep local knowledge, distinct global perspectives and investment capabilities. This launch aligns with investments in our client digital experience, global insights program and the development of new products and alternative investment options, including model portfolios and direct lending. We're supporting small-to-midsized business customers in the US, as they continue to weather macro volatility and a tight labor market. In response to these market dynamics, businesses are prioritizing wages and maintaining or expanding benefits to attract and retain employees and it's showing positively in our results. And retirement compared to a year ago, reoccurring deposits and RIS-Fee increased 10% as the number of people deferring is up 5%, the average deferral per participant increased 4% the number of people receiving a match is up 7% and the average match per participant also increased 7%. We've also seen a 12% increase in Specialty Benefits premium and fees over the year ago quarter. Over half the growth was driven by net new business as we deepen relationships with our existing customers, while attracting new customers. We're winning market share. Our capabilities, expertise, and local presence set's us apart from the competition. Our strategic focus on the business market in Life Insurance is working. Compared to a year ago sales of non-qualified deferred compensation and business owner solutions more than doubled for the quarter and increased 74% year-to-date. In total, third quarter Life Insurance sales increased 15% compared to the prior year quarter, as our decision to focus solely on the business market has more than made up for the reduction in the retail market. As we prepare for continued macroeconomic uncertainty it's important to remember that our SMB customers are more weighted to the scientific and technical sectors, which tend to be more resilient during economic downturns and we're less exposed to the hospitality and retail sectors, which tend to be more negatively impacted. Internationally, our business continues to grow despite macro and political. Brasilprev our joint venture with Banco do Brasil has the highest market share of pension AUM and deposits in Brazil. This combined with the continued elevated local interest rates are driving growth in earnings. In Chile, Cuprum has had six consecutive quarters of positive net RIM, the salary base upon which we earn fees; as well as positive net transfers of new customers meaning more Chileans are choosing to move their mandatory savings to Cuprum. At our core, through our business strategy company culture and our foundation we strive to make financial security accessible to more people and businesses around the globe. To do that successfully, we seek to understand the barriers to financial progress and identify opportunities to improve access and solutions. This influenced our launch of the Principal Global Financial Inclusion Index, a global research study across 42 markets that examines how well a government, financial system, and employer base provide the tools and support to enable greater levels of financial inclusion and help more people reach financial security. Through the study, we can identify the structural gaps in financial inclusion and take steps to address them through strategy partnerships and recommended policy building a more productive and protected workforce and society globally. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, including impacts from the annual actuarial assumption review, and an update on our current financial and capital position. Net income attributable to Principal was $1.4 billion in the third quarter, reflecting $1 billion of income from exited businesses. This benefit was primarily due to a change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivative, which doesn't impact our capital or free cash flow and can be extremely volatile quarter-to-quarter. Excluding the income from exited businesses, net income for the quarter was $395 million with immaterial credit losses. We reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $427 million, or $1.69 per diluted share. As detailed on slide 12, we had several significant variances, including impacts from our annual actuarial assumption review that had a net positive impact on non-GAAP operating earnings during the third quarter. On a pre-tax basis net favorable impacts from the assumption review and COVID were partially offset by lower-than-expected variable investment income and Latin American Encaje performance. These had a net positive impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $30 million pre-tax, $23 million after tax, and $0.09 per diluted share. The net positive $86 million pre-tax impact from the annual assumption review was primarily driven by model refinements. We updated our models as part of an actuarial modernization project in conjunction with preparing for LDTI. This resulted in slightly lower reserve requirements for RIS-Spread and Individual Life. While we didn't change our long-term interest rate assumptions, the starting point is approximately 125 basis points higher than where we expected rates to be a year ago. Whereas we saw some positive impact from this change on the operating earnings component of the review, the most significant impact from higher interest rates was in net income on the reinsured ULSG block and did not impact non-GAAP operating earnings. Specific to variable investment income virtually no income from real estate sales and prepayment fees as well as lower than expected but still positive alternative investment returns in the US, were partially offset by favorable returns in Principal International. With approximately 40,000 US COVID-related deaths in the quarter, we had a positive $2 million pre-tax benefit as claims in Individual Life, were more than offset by favorable impacts in RIS-Spread. Total COVID impacts and Specialty Benefits were immaterial as $1.6 million of group life and group disability claims were offset by claim terminations and Individual Disability. Excluding the impacts of all of these significant variances, second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $404 million or $1.60 per diluted share. This was a 2% decrease in EPS compared to the third quarter of 2021 as the benefit from share repurchases and strong customer growth was more than offset by macroeconomic pressures on earnings. Macroeconomic volatility continued in the third quarter and pressured earnings in our fee-based businesses. Unfavorable equity market and fixed income performance relative to both the prior quarter and year ago quarter, negatively impacted AUM, account values fee revenue and margins in RIS-Fee and PGI. Headwinds from foreign exchange rates pressured third quarter reported and pre-tax operating earnings by a negative $7 million compared to the second quarter of 2022, a negative $8 million compared to the third quarter of 2021 and a negative $19 million on a trailing 12-month basis. We're taking actions across the enterprise on expenses due to pressured fee revenue as we have during previous periods of unfavorable macroeconomics, but there's a natural lag to the financial benefits. Some expenses naturally adjust, like incentive compensation and other variable costs, and we're reducing other expenses while balancing and investing for growth. Our efforts are paying off. Excluding significant variances, our third quarter compensation and other expenses were 4% lower than both the third quarter of 2021 and the second quarter. They increased a modest 2% on a trailing 12-month basis relative to a 4.5% increase in net revenue. Turning to the business units. The following comments on third quarter results excluded significant variances. RIS-Fee pre-tax operating earnings and margin declined from the year ago quarter, primarily due to unfavorable equity and fixed income markets, pressuring fees and net revenue. Momentum in PGI continued with $2.3 billion of positive net cash flow. The overall management fee rate of approximately 29 basis points remained stable, despite pressures on revenues and margin from the unfavorable equity and fixed income markets and lower performance fees. In Principal International pre-tax operating earnings continued to be pressured as the regulatory fee reduction in Mexico and foreign exchange headwinds are masking underlying growth in the business. On a constant currency basis, pre-tax operating earnings increased 6% over the year ago quarter and increased 9% over the second quarter. In Specialty Benefits, premium and fees increased a strong 12% over the year ago quarter, fueled by record year-to-date sales as well as strong retention and employment growth. Pre-tax operating earnings were flat as strong growth in the business and lower group life mortality was offset by higher Individual Disability claim severity in the quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate another quarter of lower variable investment income as well as low performance fees in PGI. Additionally, fourth quarter is typically the highest quarter for investment lineup changes and contract withdrawals in RIS-Fee as larger plans typically change providers at the end of the year. I also want to remind you that our enterprise fourth quarter compensation and other expenses are typically higher than the other quarters due to seasonality of certain expenses like marketing and IT. We expect the impact of seasonality will be lower this fourth quarter than our typical 7% to 10% as we're taking action to manage expenses relative to revenue. Turning to capital and liquidity. We remain in a strong financial position and are focused on returning excess capital to shareholders. Excess and available capital is currently estimated to be $1.4 billion and includes approximately $900 million at the holding company, slightly higher than our $800 million target, $450 million in our subsidiaries, and $100 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio. We paid down $300 million of long-term debt in the third quarter and improved our leverage ratio to 22%. This is 90 basis points lower than a year ago and within our 20% to 25% targeted range. Despite the volatile environment we remain in a strong financial position. We have the financial flexibility, discipline, and experience necessary to manage through this time of macro volatility and uncertainty. As shown on slide three we deployed $2.2 billion of capital year-to-date including $1.9 billion returned to shareholders and $300 million of debt reduction. In the third quarter we returned over $600 million to shareholders with $450 million of share repurchases and $157 million of common stock dividends. Last night we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, in line with the dividend paid in the fourth quarter of 2021. Despite significant macroeconomic pressures in 2022 with the S&P 500 daily average down 14% and fixed income returns down 20% compared to our outlook, we continue to see a path to the lower end of our $2.5 billion to $3 billion capital return range. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company and will continue with a disciplined approach to capital deployment in the current environment. As we move forward executing on our go-forward strategy and strengthen capital management approach, we will continue to invest in our growth drivers of retirement in the US and select emerging markets, global asset management, and US benefits and protection, all with an aim to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions. 
Operator: Certainly. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. Deanna maybe on the VII impact, I think you had mentioned that you expect another quarter of lower VII and performance fees. When you had the call last quarter you talked about it being probably positive, but below expectations which is where it ended up coming in. Can you maybe give an early look into that again please?
Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll take a first shot and then ask Pat if he has anything to add. Obviously, a lot of volatility has happened in variable investment income and we've benefited from that over the last couple of years but did see a little bit of a pressure in the third quarter. As we sit here today and look into the fourth quarter we do expect to see similar to slightly more pressured results in fourth quarter than what we saw this quarter. I still think we will have a positive overall return but the all portion of that could turn to be slightly negative in the fourth quarter. 
Pat Halter: John just to add prepayment income is going to be down as it has been in the third -- in the second quarter -- in the third quarter. Real estate sales again will be down like it was in the third quarter. So, we continue to see that being persistent as we go into the fourth quarter, John. 
John Barnidge: Thank you. And then as far as a follow-up. Alternatives within Principal Global Investors has been really strong. I imagine the alternatives pipeline probably has unique characteristics different than fixed income and equity. Given strength in what we saw in 3Q on the alternative side what does the near-term outlook looks like for that pipeline? And then also on equity and fixed income? Thank you.
Pat Halter: Yes, John, first of all, we continue to see really strong I think support for all of our investment capabilities, including alternatives and continue to believe we have a very strong compelling offering across all asset classes in many markets throughout the world to continue to have confidence we can generate positive net cash flow going forward. Particularly in terms of institutional investors, they continue to be very strong and very interested in alternatives. And we continue to see increasing investor interest in alternatives really throughout the road John. And I think with the opportunities that are now being created and investors taking advantage of potentially some of the disruption, we continue to see a lot of engagement by investors to consider and to continue to believe that, there is compelling opportunities in alternatives. As you know, we've been very active in real estate, particularly in the four quadrants of real estate, so not only in private equity, but in the debt markets. And that I think continues to offer compelling opportunities for investors. I was just in Japan and in South Korea, just ride last night, and continue to see a lot of active conversation a lot of interest in real assets, private asset capabilities, and compelling and even more increasing interest in specialized investment capabilities in fixed income, particularly given the going-in yields that now fixed income is offerings. So the pipeline continues to be robust John. The activity and dialogue continues to be quite accurate in alternatives, but also across all asset classes. John, is that helpful?
Operator: Our next question is coming from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Your line is now live.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Firstly, for Deanna. On your comments about looking the path to achieving the low end of your total capital deployment targets for 2022. Just thinking specifically about buyback, do you see a path hitting the low end of the $2 billion to $2.3 billion as well?
Dan Houston: Erik, we got an awful lot of static on the line. So Deanna, will take a shot at and make sure we're answering the question appropriately.
Deanna Strable: Erik, I think your question was regarding the ranges that we had talked about in outlook both regarding the total return to shareholders as well as the share buybacks range. Is that correct?
Erik Bass: Yes exactly. 
Deanna Strable: Okay. So I think as you all are aware, but I'll just reiterate it. But our outlook ranges were based on markets as of 12/31 of last year, which obviously is much different than what we have experienced thus far this year. And I would say those ranges given really didn't contemplate the amount of macro pressure that we have seen. Our focus is really on the total return to shareholder range as in periods of extreme volatility. I'd say the split between dividends and buybacks can be different than what was originally contemplated. And so I feel better about the $2.5 billion to $3 billion than I do about the $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share buybacks, given where we sit today. I actually feel being at the bottom end of that range given that amount of volatility that we've seen is a very strong result. And I'm also confident in that 75% to 85% of free cash flow that we have targeted and are continuing to see as we look at results sitting here today. So obviously, there's a lot of moving parts in that. Macro uncertainty does play into that. And as Dan mentioned, we'll continue to be prudent and disciplined relative to our capital levels and capital return.
Dan Houston: Do you have a follow-up Erik? 
Erik Bass: Yes, and thank you for those comments. Dan maybe a question for you. Just hoping you could provide an update on the expected timing of closing the China JV?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Okay. Very good. I think it was updated on the China situation. Again, we're getting a lot of static on the line Erik. So we actually feel very good about where we stand with China. For those, who are less familiar, we've had a joint venture relationship with CCB back to 2005. This past summer, we received the regulatory approval to become a shareholder. We're in the final negotiations around the revisions to the articles of association as well as to update the register and to update the exchange. We feel very good about that. That would make us only one of three foreign providers of retirement services in the country. I'd also remind you that it includes Pillars 1, 2 and 3 which is around the national provincial retirement savings; the enterprise annuity; and lastly, the retirement funds of funds, all of which by the way we do business here in the United States. So at this point in time the conversations are healthy. We remain optimistic in reaching final conclusions to the negotiations here in the very near future. Does that help Erik?
Erik Bass: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Alex Scott: Hi. First one I had is on the expense commentary. I appreciate that, there's revenue pressure, and I think the average daily value comps begin to be a bit more challenging as we get into next quarter. And so I was just interested, if you could provide any more color around, what we should expect in terms of temporary reductions in margins? And what's reasonable way to think about time frame for something like that? I would think short-term outlook would probably be reasonable to kind of contemplate some of these things. So, any color would be helpful.
Dan Houston: Just a couple of quick comments before throwing it over to Deanna. Erik, we've got  Alex, a very strong track record of going after expenses and aligning it with revenues while at the same time, we know we have to invest in the businesses around capabilities and technology and client experience. But again, I think our track record holds up quite well, and Deanna has been here a big part of that and oversees that function on a very daily basis. So, Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just a couple of questions. Obviously, as we sit here today, we have kind of three levels of activities around thinking about our expense levels. One, we have Chris and his team very focused on making sure that we deliver on the synergies from our IRT integration. We also have stranded costs from our transactions around retail fixed annuities and ULSG. I'd say on both of those, we're actually running slightly ahead of where we thought we would be relative to those. And then add on that kind of the third one, which we, obviously, don't ignore, which is the pressures that the current macro environment has had on our revenues and how we ultimately need to get our margins back in line. That takes some time. There's some lag in when you pull levers and when that actually shows up, but I'd say, the team is collectively focused on that. While still making sure that we don't sacrifice any investments, it's going to ultimately drive long-term shareholder growth. I talked about in the prepared remarks, if you look -- whether you look at third quarter or trailing 12 months, I think our expenses are looking really good. And if I actually go to kind of the full year look, sitting here today, we actually expect our expenses to be down in 2022 relative to 2021 and feel good about continuing to address that as we move into 2023.
Dan Houston: Follow-up, Alex?
Alex Scott: Got it. Yes. The other one I had is just on the commentary you provided on RIS-Fee. Around -- at the end of the year, there's a bit more change in hands of plans than the other times during the year. In terms of switching, I think it's been more benign, I think in recent years because of the pandemic. I mean are you seeing any evidence that that's picking up this year? And I also just wanted to see that's an opportunity or a risk for you all? Do you expect to be a beneficiary of switching? So those were the questions there.
Dan Houston: Chris, please?
Chris Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Thanks for the question. So I mean I think as a reminder and I think as Dan pointed out in his remarks, the underlying fundamentals of the RIS-Fee business are really, really strong with strong recurring deposits, strong client retention year-to-date, strong deferrals and matching performance. So, we're seeing really strong underlying drivers. All that being said, we certainly are seeing an uptick in participant withdrawal activity, and some contract lapses, and so we generally do see seasonality in the fourth quarter, as Deanna pointed out, whereas investment lineup changes are made and as plans changed for the January one year. So we would expect to see some of that. We do expect that there maybe some pent-up demand in that as well, but we are expecting the full year to be a positive from an AV net cash flow basis. And we're sitting at about $5.4 billion positive year-to-date. So I mean we feel like we're in a good position with a strong underlying performance, but we do expect to see some higher outflows in the fourth quarter.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Wilma Burdis: Hey. Good morning. Just a question for Amy. I just wanted to get some color on the elevated Individual Disability claims. I think it was on severity. Could you just give us some color, if it's concentrating a few large claims or anything else?
Dan Houston: Thanks Wilma for the question. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Sure. Thanks again. So, I don't see it concentrated primarily in large claims. So, just to clear a couple of questions on that not COVID-related. I don't really see it as a couple of large claims. I look at it more as when I look at severity, when you take apart the pieces, it was more elevated severity on the new claims that came in this quarter, and then the claims that recovered or terminated had a little bit lower severity. So, just a combination of those two factors sort of move that results around. I do want to note, trailing 12 months is a much better metric to look, to look at trends. So when you're looking at this year's trailing 12 months versus last year's trailing 12 months they're virtually identical. So we're not really seeing a trend there. And it's also probably worth noting that, in fourth quarter 2021, we saw a very similar kind of variance to the loss ratio, but on the positive direction. So the full year results are really more helpful to look at across the block. So, no concerns from my perspective. The additional color I would have is this is normal noise that comes in on a quarterly basis. I love the role that income protection plays in our product portfolio and I'm very comfortable that we're managing it.
Wilma Burdis: That makes sense. Yes, somewhat -- a little bit of variability. And then, on the Life sales, really strong, up 15%. And then, I think, that was a lot more, if you're just talking about the business side. Is that something that's sustainable, or -- I think, usually Life sales are a bit more mild, so looking for some color.
Dan Houston: Yes, and I'll have Amy follow up here in the details. But I just want to reiterate, Wilma, that when we came out to investors and reframed our go-forward strategy, it was very intentional around this business market, because we saw the potential and we saw that diverting these energies towards this opportunity was significant. So we're not surprised by the take up in the marketplace and having our teams really focused. And frankly, the economic environment, perhaps up until -- within the last six months, would lend itself to business owner executive solutions and non-qualified deferred comp. But, Amy, your outlook here?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. No, you've got it right, Dan. When I look at the outlook, what I see is, they're probably was from last year or the year before, a little bit of pent-up demand on the nonqualified side. So there might be a little bunchiness in terms of what we're seeing on non-qualified this year that doesn't continue exactly in pattern next year. But what I'm also seeing is the pickup on our business owner and executive solution story has been really strong. So I would look ahead for strong growth and strong sales patterns within that business owner marketplace, as well as that non-qualified and COLI marketplace.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Wilma.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Your line is now live.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on the RIS-Fee rate. I think it's probably more challenging than normal to calculate it from our end, because we don't have the right average account value. But it did look like the fee rate went up at least some this quarter relative to the last few quarters. So I was hoping you could comment on that. And also, to what extent some of the IRT record-keeping business may be linked to more participants than asset values?
Dan Houston: Very good. Chris, please? 
Chris Littlefield: Yes. So I'll take the first one -- the last one first. So on IRT, yes, certainly on the large end of the market and some of those customers are more tied to participant fee rates than on asset values. So that is -- that certainly is the case. With respect to the fee rate, we certainly are seeing some benefits in our Principal branded character [ph] and as well as a shift in the GA and guaranteed products, which are providing a bit of a revenue lift. Obviously, in a risk-off environment, the guaranteed products attract more flows and those generate a bit more revenue for us. So that's where you're seeing a little bit of that lift. Obviously, that can change, depending on what happens with markets, but we are definitely seeing some of that benefit coming through.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then, I guess, just on RIS-Fee margins. I guess, do you have any -- you guided originally the 25% to 29% for the year. Obviously, markets are a headwind. But, I guess, any thoughts on kind of how to think about the margin trajectory as you -- maybe once you take some of the expense actions?
Christ Littlefield: Yes. I think, certainly, the original guidance was tied to a regional macro environment, we're hitting significant headwinds, not just on the equity side, but also on the fixed income side. So that was having an impact. So, I would say -- what I would say is, as far as we're willing to go out, I think the third quarter is probably a good read into the fourth quarter. We think that those trends will be relatively consistent. And then, as we get into 2023, we got a lot of noise around LDTI and we'll try to provide updated guidance on our outlook called in the first quarter.
Dan Houston: Ryan, one thing and I covered it in my prepared comments and Chris hit on it as well. If you look at those underlying fundamentals of growing the number of participants the deferrals the reoccurring deposits the matching contributions, the most recently passed for 2023 higher limits for deferrals and the potential retire secure 2.0 there's just a lot of support for the workplace for people to save for retirement. So again, I think most of the diminution in the economics there was attributable to the macro as opposed to the underlying fundamentals of the business. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live. 
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First, just Deanna a follow-up on the buyback. So I just want to make sure I've understood your position on it correctly. So the -- it sounds like you're going to come in below the $2 billion for the year from what you said. But would you say this quarter's $450 million is a reasonable run rate to expect for Q4 or should we expect something lower than that? 
Deanna Strable: I think it will probably be in that range. I'd say the wild -- there's two wildcards there right? So one wild card would be where does macro kind of end up and how that relates to fee levels and ultimately earnings for the quarter. And then again thinking through kind of the recession outlook and whether you decided to go all the way down to your targeted levels or if you kept a little bit of dry powder as you go into '23 and then deploy as you kind of get more clarity on the recession. I think we'd be in that ballpark on having the ability to deploy but we'll take that second to obviously be very prudent and disciplined and ultimately making sure we have more clarity on the economic outlook into '23. 
Tom Gallagher: That's helpful. And then my follow-up is just a question on PGI revenues. I'm just trying to get a sense for the transactional type revenues. I think I for the most part have my arms around the fee revenue stream there. But when I try and quantify kind of a ballpark range of transactional-type revenues, I get to something around 10% of your total revenues. Could you give me some sense for whether that's directionally close? And if so any commentary on where you would expect those revenues to trend over the next couple of quarters whether you would expect pressure or you think those might be stable or go up? 
Dan Houston: Pat please? 
Pat Halter: Yes Tom. The transactional revenue would be predominantly whether we have more performance fees, whether we have more of those fees coming off by origination operation within the private asset classes. And I would say on the -- first the performance fees, I guess we'll see some muted performance fees for next couple of quarters ahead. I think the market conditions don't really allow for us to take advantage as much as we want to in terms of harvesting some of the gains, we have in our real estate portfolio. We think there's probably a better entry point when transaction volume starts to increase in the marketplace. So those will probably be muted for the next couple of quarters. On transaction fees relative to our mortgage origination and other sort of debt origination activities I guess those will continue to be pretty consistent as we go into the next quarter or two, Tom. 
Dan Houston: Does that helpful? 
Tom Gallagher: That does. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks. So you guys have some unique perspective given your focus on the SMB market. And from listening to what you're saying about trends, it doesn't seem like your customers are behaving in a way that would suggest a recession is going to happen next year even though it's been probably the most telegraphed recession, I think we've ever had.  So just curious like what are you hearing from your customers? I don't know if you want to take it from RIS-Fee or even Specialty Benefits? I mean how are they preparing for what's going to be potentially a challenging economic environment next year? 
Dan Houston: Well, I laughed enough we've just had a lot of touch points. I know Chris held a client conference where he had his client circle. But Amy just literally -- within the last two weeks is back from the Inc. 500 where we had a chance to hear directly from a lot of our clients and SMBs more broadly. So let me have Amy make her comments and then maybe Chris can pile on. Amy? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Suneet you're -- I mean they understand and they do believe that there is a recession that could happen. So, I don't get the sense from talking directly with business owners and then relying on some of the primary research that we do with things like the well-being index. It's not that they don't understand that there's recessionary risk out there. It's more that they've had to fight so hard for getting the right talent, finding them and placing them, getting them in the right sort of tranche of the wages that's seen as competitive that they're saying in the list of activities, I would take against recessionary pressures. This isn't the top of my list. So, I think the good news is, if you're in the retirement business, if you're in the benefits business, they're saying, that's not where I'm going to go first to take actions, to try to manage through recessionary pressures. So one of the reasons you're hearing, I think is much positive sentiment from us is, because we're seeing through our conversations and through our primary research that they're simply not going to go there first.
Dan Houston: Chris, anything to add?
Chris Littlefield: No. I think that's right. I mean, I think certainly there's been this competition for talent and it continues to benefit our businesses and they aren't really going to pulling the lever on people first.
Dan Houston: Suneet, do you have a follow-up?
Suneet Kamath: I do. I wanted to pivot to capital, real quick if I could. Just Deanna, on your comments on share repurchases and kind of the macro outlook, can you just provide some sense in terms of, what you're seeing on the balance sheet in terms of asset classes, maybe like watch list? I mean just -- I know you said that, it makes sense to have some caution going into next year. But just curious, what you're if anything particularly focused on in terms of where we could see some pressure? Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll maybe take a little bit of a flavor there and then ask Pat to add on. We feel really good about our balance sheet. And obviously, our exposure to credit was lessened just out of the actual transaction. Actually, if we sit here today, we're going to see a very modest impact from drift and impairments as we sit here into '22 are expecting slightly more as we think about 2023. But really, take a really deep look both from a top-down and a bottom-up approach and don't see any real problem areas. Our quality, as you see in the appendix of our deck is at a very, very high level and we feel really good about where we're at. Having said that, obviously, with a recession on that, we need to continue to be disciplined. But as I said, our credit exposure and our balance sheet will position us well as we move into 2023. But Pat, do you have anything to add then?
Pat Halter: Yes. Suneet, maybe just a couple of things to add. Obviously, we're very respectful of the environment we're in, but we actually have a great deal of confidence in the portfolio. It's well positioned. I would say, we've technically had positioned and bias the portfolio to be a little higher quality in assets, given the sort of market conditions right now and our new money investing is more defensive. If you kind of look at our portfolio our high-yield portfolio is very defensive. It's skewed towards BB investments or more defensive there. I think our structured securities portfolio, 95% is in the single A or higher. I think we have a very strong track record in performance in real estate. So we've done a very deep dive in commercial mortgages on real estate holdings and that seems to hold up very well. Our overall portfolio and the mortgage portfolio is a 45% loan to value and 2.5% debt service coverage. So, as we continue to examine and to continue to have a very discipline intensive approach on our portfolio, I think it's well structured, well positioned for a recessionary environment.
Dan Houston: Appreciate the questions, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. I want to follow up on your comments that you expect low performance fees in PGI in the fourth quarter. Can you speak to some of the underlying performance you're seeing so far quarter-to-date that helped inform that view?
Pat Halter: Yes. So, in terms of the real estate markets where we've had most of our performance fees generated Tracy, we are starting to see clearly some valuation reductions in the private equity space. And I think, that would be sort of no surprise, given the macro environment and the continued I think slowdown in the demand curve, relative to the aggressive Central Bank monetary policy. So, there is I think a pause going on relative to valuation increases and we'll probably see some diminution in values over the next two, three quarters to reflect the demand function that [Technical Difficulty]
Tracy Benguigui: Hello?
Operator: Please standby, ladies and gentlemen. Please standby for one moment. Ladies and gentlemen please stand by while we reconnect the speakers line. Do not disconnect. Please stand by. They are now reconnected. Please go ahead.
Dan Houston: Tracy did you get that response? It looks like there was a technical difficulty there. 
Tracy Benguigui: I think I got most of it. Thank you. I'll move on to my next question.
Dan Houston: Okay.
Tracy Benguigui: Trying to do a read-through on your assumption update. I guess, going into the quarter, I didn't think life insurers would transition into LDTI, but it feels like you're doing that in a way given your comments on the model update and risk spread Individual Life. It just feels a bit transitory. I just want to know if I'm thinking about this the right way?
Dan Houston: Transitory the complex, but Deanna will respond accordingly.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tracy. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we don't officially transition into LDTI until early 2023, but we've been on a journey for a couple of years now getting prepared for that. And part of that is obviously to be compliant, but it also afforded us the opportunity to go back and kind of modernize our systems and our processes. We converted a lot of our actuarial balances to a new system. And a lot of that was completed not intentionally, but around the same time as when we did the actuarial review. And so we felt like it was prudent to actually incorporate what we were seeing and changes in those reserve values into this review. So what you saw there -- again about 80% of the impact of the AAR was in model refinement. That is a number that's more sizable than what you might expect. But actually it was right around about 0.3% reduction in the reserve balances, especially on the PRT business. So, very slight reduction in that, but because we had just completed it we felt it made sense to actually reflect it in our results. 
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the question, Tracy. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to talk a little bit on Mexico and understand what the regulatory fee changes there what the future of that business looks like and whether Principal is still the best owner for that kind of business?
Dan Houston: Yes, it's a good question, Josh. I appreciate that. And this is something that we also review on an ongoing basis. For those of you who are less familiar with what's transpired in the Afore business, the regulators reduced the maximum amount you can charge related to the asset fees for purposes of providing this compulsory model within the Afore in Mexico. We've already divested ourselves in Mexico of the Life and Annuity business. We have an institutional retail and retirement asset management business as well as this Afore, which again we manage a lot of those assets. So we're looking at that very closely for what's necessary to be successful around scale and capabilities. Just last week we had our Mexican Board meeting here in Des Moines. The following day we actually held Brazil. So I would just tell you that we are taking a very close look at it. It is something that is top of mind for us looking for the right path forward. And as we've shown in the past, strategically, we'll make the right decisions to be successful long term. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Josh. The only thing I would note there and I know you're probably aware of that, but the regulatory change actually front-loaded the reduction in the fee prior to actually increasing the deferral percentages. And so we will see some incremental benefit from over the next few years as that fee -- the deferral rate goes up I think it's 1% a year. And so that will start in 2023 and flow through our results.
Dan Houston: Does that help Mike -- Josh?
Josh Shanker: Yes, that's great. And then one other thing I sort of talked about it with, Scott, last night but I want to just to confirm. There's nothing trending in Individual Disability here with the numbers. It's just some quarters have a frequency pop and there's nothing that you see going on through 4Q 2022 that gives you any reason to believe that doesn't pack off?
Dan Houston: Amy, is it keeping you up at night?
Amy Friedrich: No, it's not keeping me up at night. We've looked at industry, we've looked at diagnosis, we've looked at region. I'm very comfortable that there's nothing that's emerging as a trend. If there is, we'll be transparent about that. We'll let you know, if we're worried about it. Again, I'd go back to in fourth quarter of 2021, we saw an almost equally sized positive variance in the same block. And so again, better to look for trends in the trailing 12 months. And we're not seeing anything there.
Dan Houston: I appreciate the question.
Josh Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Michael Ward from Citi. Your line is now live.
Michael Ward: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. I guess -- I just wondering, if you could maybe update on the level of interaction you might be having with the activists from last year and kind of how you're thinking about your business mix going forward? Should we think about you as doing more or considering more divestments, or on the other hand, should we think about you maybe even getting acquisitive given the capital flexibility? And I'm kind of thinking a year or two from now.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You know, what I would say is, we're out talking to all of our shareholders on a very regular basis and that's a regular part of what Deanna and I do. And I would tell you that -- and many of them are on this call today there's broad support for our go-forward strategy. We've been sharing our insights and perspective on what's working and what's not working. But again, this diversified business model that we have resonates with investors. Our capital deployment strategy has resonated with investors. Our commitment to the common stock dividend of 40% payout has resonated. And so we believe we already have in place what needs to happen. And a lot of the burden now is on us for continued execution. Love the SMB market. I love what Pat and his team are doing around asset management that really provides the jet fuel for us to drive our international and domestic businesses. And as you've heard Amy discussed today, that Insurance business continues to get more focused and refined, and it fits with the overall enterprise strategy. So I would say all investors have found that the new go-forward strategy is the proper one. Did you have a follow-up to that Mike?
Michael Ward: Thank you, Dan. Yes. I appreciate that. But just quickly on RIS-Fee, again, kind of echoing questions on the fee rate. Chris, I guess I interpreted your comments to potentially mean that part of why, RIS-Fee revenues are hanging in there is partially from inflows to what I think would be variable annuities with guarantees, I was wondering if you could clarify that? And then maybe, is there any chance you could help quantify the contribution to earnings for RIS-Fee that comes from VA [ph]?
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. So let me make sure I add back up on the fee rate here because it's not related to VA. It's really about the benefit that we're seeing from certainly the higher investment yields that we're getting from GA flows, so guaranteed product flows right? So again, as you see market volatility you do see people taking on higher allocations of guaranteed products which generally drive better revenue for us. We also for clarity see some benefits from PDSP which we've talked about in the past. So those increases in interest rates also flow through our PDSP and we get uplift on that in the revenue rate as well. So it's unrelated to VA.
Dan Houston: Does that help Mike?
Michael Ward: Yes, very much.
Dan Houston: Okay. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Houston for any further or closing comments.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Operator. And maybe just piling on Suneet's observation about the market is telegraphing a recession. We don't know if it is or it isn't. We do anticipate volatility, as we have in these last 143 years. I've been here for the 38 of those. And about every seven to 10 years you do see market dislocations and disruption. And we've got a track record of managing expenses, growing revenues, seeking or serving the needs of our small to medium-sized business and institutional customers, aligning expenses with our revenues and making sure that capital deployment is very responsible. So, again we -- this management team has been through this cycle before and whatever it deals us we'll manage it accordingly. We look forward to being on the road with you in the next few months before the next earnings call updating you on some of these factors. So with that, have a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day October 31st 2022. To access the replay please use the code 1373-3517, once again, to access the replay the codes 1373-3517. The number to dial is 877-660-6853 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 201-612-7415. That does conclude today's teleconference Webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. . I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we'll open up the call for questions. Others available for Q&A include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions.  Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. As a reminder, the transaction to reinsure our in-force U.S. retail fixed annuity and universal life insurance with secondary guarantee blocks of business closed in the second quarter. The transaction had an effective date of January 1, 2022, which resulted in a true-up in the second quarter to transfer the associated revenue, earnings, net income and AUM to the counterparty.  As a result, the second quarter financial results are not comparable to prior periods for RIS-Spread, Individual Life and Total Company. Also related to the transaction, we've updated our ROE and book value per share definitions to exclude the cumulative change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivatives as the GAAP accounting treatment is noneconomic. Additional details of the impact of the transaction are available in the second quarter earnings call presentation available on our website. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will touch on key performance and business highlights for the second quarter, including our view on the impacts of our current macroeconomic environment. Deanna will follow with additional details on our results, our financial and capital position, our investment portfolio and our initial LDTI estimated transition impact. She will also discuss the impacts of the reinsurance transaction, which was a key milestone for Principal as we continue to transform and evolve our portfolio to focus on our growth drivers.  The value of our diversified business strategy was evident in our second quarter results during a period of volatile markets, high inflation and macroeconomic uncertainty, strong customer growth across our businesses, rising interest rates and optimization within our general account are helping us to mitigate some of the headwinds from market volatility. We have a long track record of managing expenses to weather challenging times, and this period is no different. We are keenly focused on aligning expenses with revenues to help offset some of the near-term pressures on our fee-based margins.  Second quarter financial highlights are shown on Slide 2. We reported $423 million of non-GAAP operating earnings or $1.65 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, earnings per share of $1.70, increased 3% over the second quarter of 2021. We returned approximately $400 million to shareholders in the second quarter and nearly $1.3 billion year-to-date through our share repurchases and common stock dividends. We closed the second quarter with $632 billion of total company AUM, reflecting the AUM that was transferred as part of the reinsurance transaction, as well as unfavorable equity and fixed income performance and foreign exchange headwinds. Our long-term relative investment performance remains strong, while short-term relative performance was pressured by market volatility and a continued rotation from quality and growth to value investing in the second quarter. We have seen improvement in July. Total company net cash flow was a positive $1.5 billion in the quarter. This included $1.4 billion of PGI managed net cash flow driven by strong institutional flows across equities and real estate, partially offset by industry-wide retail outflows.  The strong year-to-date net cash flow in PGI highlights the appeal and value proposition of our diverse and differentiated investment solutions across equities, real estate and fixed income. We continue to develop products and capabilities to meet the needs of our customers. We recently launched an actively managed real estate ETF that combines 2 core strengths of Principal, active management and real estate investing. It is focused on nontraditional real estate sectors, including data centers, life sciences, single-family rental, medical office and self-storage properties, and provides retail investors access in a liquid ETF structure.  We're also continuing to build our direct lending team and private credit capabilities. We now have 30 professionals on our team, deploying over $1.2 billion in the last 2 years, following the funding of our first loan. The demand for our differentiated solutions remains robust, and we'll continue to expand our existing capabilities to meet our clients' needs. A few other business highlights from the quarter. Starting in Chile. Despite a level of uncertainty in the future state of Chilean pension system, our business continues to grow.  In the second quarter, Cuprum experienced its fifth consecutive quarter of positive net , the salary base upon which we earn fees, as well as a positive net transfers of new customers, suggesting more Chileans are choosing to move their mandatory savings to Cuprum. We remain engaged on the development on pension reform in Chile, and we continue to work with industry peers and stakeholders to promote a more inclusive and well-funded pension system to help improve financial security for all Chileans.  In the U.S., the small to midsized business segments we target are weathering the current environment well, similar to previous periods of uncertainty. Employers are continuing to seek solutions to help attract and retain talent, and they're leaning into Principal to help in a very competitive labor market. This is especially evident in Specialty Benefits, where premium and fees increased 11% over the year ago quarter. Roughly half the growth was driven by net new business. This includes customers moving their benefits to Principal, selling additional products to existing customers, attracting customers that are offering benefits for the first time and maintaining strong retention.  The remaining growth is attributable to employment growth and higher salaries from existing customers. Our dedication to creating unique tech-driven solutions and Group Benefits is receiving recognition. DALBAR recently rated Principal #1 for online Group Benefits administration with its Communication Seal of Excellence for superior web experience. This award spotlights one of our strategic priorities, customer experience, by listening to our customers and responding with systematic improvements to both digital and human interactions, we are consistently improving the customers' experience and helping them take the necessary steps towards financial security. In Individual Life, our targeted focus on the business market is paying off. Compared to a year ago, sales of nonqualified deferred compensation and business owner solutions increased 76% on a quarterly basis and 57% on a year-to-date basis, nearly offsetting the impact of our decision to focus solely on this market.  Through continuous tracking of our brand health metrics, we're seeing steady increases in brand favorability among SMBs. This, in combination with focused distribution efforts and the market demand for our employer solutions, are driving these strong results. The resiliency of the SMB market also comes through our U.S. retirement business. And RIS-Fee second quarter reoccurring deposits increased 37% in total and 14% on our legacy block as compared to a year ago. We're seeing growth across our participant base, stemming from both net new business and employment growth on our existing block. Existing participants are also saving more.  This, along with strong sales retention, drove $2.5 billion of positive account value net cash flow in the quarter. DALBAR also recently recognized Principal as one of the top 5 retirement plan providers with superior mobile enrollment experiences. This acknowledges our seamless rollover process, making it easy for participants to move their retirement savings to Principal and opting into their new retirement plan.  Overall, we're entering the second half of 2022 with momentum, prepared to navigate uncertainty in the macro environment. Our transform portfolio focused on our growth drivers will continue to drive financial and customer results. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, including impacts of the reinsurance transaction, an update on our current financial and capital position, details of our investment portfolio and our initial estimate of the LDTI transition date impact. As Humphrey mentioned, the reinsurance transaction closed at the end of May, and was a key milestone that reinforces our strategic focus on evolving into a higher growth, higher return, more capital-efficient enterprise while also reducing our risk profile.  At close, the economics of the reinsured blocks of business transferred to the counterparty with a January 1 effective date. This resulted in a true-up of the related revenue, non-GAAP operating earnings, net income and AUM from first quarter in our second quarter reported results. Net income attributable to Principal was $3.1 billion in the second quarter, reflecting $2.8 billion of income from exited businesses. This benefit was primarily due to a change in the fair value of the funds withheld embedded derivative, which doesn't impact our capital or free cash flow and can be extremely volatile quarter-to-quarter.  Excluding this $2.8 billion of income from exited businesses, as well as a negative $83 million true-up for the first quarter gains in the funds withheld portfolio, net income for the quarter was $315 million. Excluding true-ups related to the reinsurance transactions and other significant variances, second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $435 million. Operating EPS of $1.70 per diluted share, increased 3% compared to the second quarter of 2021.  The second quarter non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was nearly 20% on a reported basis and 18% excluding significant variances. For the full year, we continue to expect to be within the 17% to 20% guided range. As detailed on Slide 14, we had several significant variances that had a net negative impact on non-GAAP operating earnings during the second quarter.  On a pretax basis, benefits from net favorable variable investment income and inflation in Latin America were more than offset by the reinsurance transaction true-up, COVID-related claims and higher DAC amortization. These had a net negative impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $3 million pretax, $12 million after tax and $0.05 per diluted share. Specific to variable investment income, RIS-Fee, RIS-Spread, Principal International, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life benefited by a combined $56 million pretax, primarily due to higher-than-expected real estate sales and alternative investment returns. This was partially offset by a negative $41 million impact in corporate as the increase in interest rates and decline in equity investments negatively impacted some mark-to-market investments.  With approximately 35,000 U.S. COVID-related deaths in the quarter, we had a negative $10 million pretax impact, primarily driven by disability claims and specialty benefits and live claims in Individual Life. The first quarter reinsurance transaction true-up negatively impacted second quarter pretax operating earnings by $13 million. This excludes stranded costs as they remain in our reported results and were not part of a true-up.  Details of the line item impacts of the true-ups for RIS-Spread and Individual Life are available in the appendix. Macroeconomic volatility continued in the second quarter and pressured earnings in our fee-based businesses. Unfavorable equity market and fixed income performance relative to both the prior quarter and year ago quarter, negatively impacted AUM, account values, fee revenue and margins and RIS-Fee and PGI, as well as DAC amortization and RIS-Fee. However, the higher interest rate environment does benefit our businesses over the long term with our new money yield exceeding 5% in the second quarter.  Foreign exchange rates were a headwind in the second quarter. Impacts to reported pretax operating earnings included a negative $1 million compared to the first quarter of 2022, a negative $5 million compared to the second quarter of 2021 and a negative $7 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Encaje performance in total didn't impact second quarter results as $8 million of higher-than-expected performance in Chile was completely offset by lower-than-expected performance in Mexico. We're taking actions across the enterprise on expenses due to pressured fee revenue, as we have during previous periods of macro uncertainty and volatility. We are committed to aligning expenses with revenues while continuing to invest for growth, but there is a natural lag as we put actions in place. Turning to the business units. The following comments on second quarter results exclude significant variances. RIS-Fee pretax operating earnings and margin declined from the year ago quarter, primarily due to unfavorable equity and fixed income markets, pressuring revenue. Second quarter was also impacted by the final TSA expenses related to the IRT transaction. In RIS-Spread, net revenue was flat despite the reinsurance transaction as growth in the business and higher net investment income, including the benefits from portfolio optimization more than offset the loss of the fixed annuity revenue.  Pretax operating earnings increased despite flat net revenue as operating expenses were lower, reflecting impacts of the reinsurance transaction. Despite macro pressures, PGI reported strong second quarter results with $1.4 billion of positive net cash flow and the overall management fee rate of approximately 29 basis points remain stable. Pretax operating earnings and margin benefited from a net $30 million of performance fees earned in the quarter.  Excluding the benefit from performance fees, PGI's second quarter margin was strong at 39%. In Principal International, pretax operating earnings were flat with the year ago quarter, as growth in the business was offset by the regulatory fee reduction in Mexico and foreign exchange headwinds. On a constant currency basis, pretax operating earnings increased 5% over the year ago quarter.  As Dan highlighted, Specialty Benefits continues to deliver strong results and increased pretax operating earnings 35% over the year ago quarter. This was fueled by growth in the business, including an 11% increase in premium and fees, as well as improve life and disability claims and disciplined expense management. We expect the strong growth in premium and fees to persist throughout the remainder of the year. Corporate losses were elevated in the second quarter, primarily due to the timing of certain expenses related to strategic initiatives.  We continue to expect to be within the $370 million to $400 million guided range on a full year basis, excluding significant variances, implying lower losses in the second half of the year. Turning to capital and liquidity. We remain in a strong financial position, and are focused on returning excess capital to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $2 billion of total company available cash and liquid assets. We also have $800 million of untapped revolving credit facilities available for liquidity purposes. Excess and available capital is currently estimated to be $1.9 billion and includes $1.3 billion at the holding company, higher than our $800 million to cover 12 months of obligations.  Approximately $370 million in our subsidiaries and $200 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio estimated to be 415%. We also have access to a $750 million contingent capital facility. We will continue to maintain a 20% to 25% leverage ratio and expect the ratio to continue to improve, as we pay down $300 million of long-term debt set to mature in the third quarter.  Despite the pressures of the environment, we remain in a strong financial position. We have the financial flexibility, discipline and experience necessary to manage through this time of macro volatility and uncertainty. As shown on Slide 3, we returned nearly $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders in the first half of the year. This includes approximately $400 million in the second quarter, with $162 million of common stock dividends and $240 million through share repurchases. $140 million of the share repurchases this quarter was the balance of the $700 million accelerated share repurchase program that we initiated in the first quarter.  Last night, we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, a 2% increase from the dividend paid in the third quarter of 2021. This is in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio and reflects strong business performance. It's important to note that our full year capital return guidance assumes markets as of the end of 2021 and the targeted $2.5 billion to $3 billion of capital return to shareholders included 3 sources of capital.  Excess capital at the holding company, $800 million of deployable proceeds from the transactions and free capital flow generation from our businesses. We remain confident in our 75% to 85% free capital flow conversion, but the dollars of capital generated is dependent on the overall market environment and the resulting impact on our fee-based businesses. We remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company and will continue with a rigorous and disciplined approach to capital deployment in the current environment.  Turning to Slide 4. After the close of the reinsurance transaction, our investment portfolio remains high quality, diversified and well-positioned. Our total invested assets decreased $23 billion as a result of the reinsurance transaction during the second quarter. As we worked with the reinsurance counterparty between sign and close to identify the specific assets included in the funds withheld account, we had the opportunity to retain certain differentiated, higher-yielding commercial mortgage loans and private credit assets.  These assets fit well with the lower liquidity needs of our go-forward liabilities and increase the portfolio yield by approximately 20 basis points. As a result, the impact of the transaction on the company is reduced with RIS-Spread benefiting the most. The higher yield is driving higher net investment income in RIS-Spread than we assumed in our guidance, benefiting net revenue and margin.  Excluding significant variances, we now expect the margin to be at the high end of our guidance range and a 5% to 10% decrease in RIS-Spread full year 2022 net revenue from 2021 due to the transaction, improved from our outlook of a 20% to 25% decline. We're comfortable with the risk return profile of the remaining general account. The portfolio is high quality, and a good fit for our liability profile. A few other comments on our investment portfolio. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio has an average loan-to-value of 45% and an average debt service coverage ratio of 2.5x.  We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives and high-risk sectors, and importantly, our liabilities are long term, and we have disciplined asset liability management. Additional details of our investment portfolio are available in the appendix of the slides. As many of you know, the targeted improvements for long-duration insurance contracts accounting guidance, or LDTI, goes into effect on January 1, 2023. Importantly, LDTI doesn't change our underlying economics, free cash flow generation or our capital position, but it will have an impact on our reported financial results.  We are adopting the guidance on a modified retrospective basis, and we'll recast 2021 and 2022 financial results under LDTI in early 2023. We're currently estimating that the transition impact from the adoption of LDTI will decrease total stockholders' equity between approximately $4.8 billion and $5.8 billion as of January 1, 2021.  Nearly all of this impact will be in AOCI and is driven by the requirement to update the discount rate assumption on impacted liabilities to the equivalent of a single A interest rate with credit ratings based on international rating standards. As a result, LDTI is expected to have an immaterial impact to our equity and book value excluding AOCI. Sitting here today, we expect the impact of stockholders' equity from LDTI to be immaterial as of the second quarter of 2022 as interest rates have risen significantly from where they were at the beginning of 2021.  Our transformation into a higher growth, higher return, more capital-efficient company focused on our growth drivers is paying off. As of the second quarter and excluding significant variances, non-GAAP EPS increased 3% over the year ago quarter, despite impact from the transactions and macro volatility, and ROE improved to 14.2%. As we move forward, executing on our go-forward strategy and strengthen capital management approach, we will continue to invest in our growth drivers of retirement in the U.S. and select emerging markets global asset management and U.S. benefits and protection, all with the aim to drive long-term shareholder value.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: . And our first question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I was hoping to dig into the investment repositioning a little bit. I was trying to do some back of the envelope math, but I'll just ask to see if you can make it a little bit easier. I guess, can you just help us think about relative to the original guidance you had given for the impact of the reinsurance transaction? How much more -- or how much less of a negative impact you'd expect now due to the repositioning actions that you said?
Daniel Houston: Deanna, do you want to help shape that?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think probably the best way to shape that is to look at 20 basis point impact on a pretax basis on the $70 billion portfolio. And that would be kind of the delta between what we originally assumed and what we received now. On the prepared remarks, we did talk about the impact of spreads outlook, which is where most of that benefit will be. Now we expect net revenue to only be down 5% to 10%, much improved from the 20% to 25% that we talked about earlier. And that would equate in spread to about $20 million pretax per quarter of additional earnings.
Daniel Houston: Does that help, Ryan?
Ryan Krueger: Yes. No, that's great. And then just a follow-up on your comment on capital returns. I think you said that the guidance was based on year-end 2021 market. Are you able to frame how you're thinking about things now with markets where they are today?
Daniel Houston: Deanna, please.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. Obviously, as you just reiterated, our outlook range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion, which included $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share buybacks, was based on markets as of the end of last year. If we look at our implied daily average sitting here today, that's about 15% lower than what we would have anticipated coming into the year, and we've also seen additional fee pressure from fixed income values. I do think, as I sit here today and look at year-to-date financial results, I think it's a really good testament of our diversified business model, where strengths in other businesses has offset the revenue pressure that we've seen in PGI and RIS-Fee.  So I do see a path to those outlook numbers. I still feel really good about the 75% to 85% of free cash flow. Obviously, the transaction proceeds are coming in as expected. But there is obviously still some uncertainty and where we end within the 75% to 85% and where -- and what that produces as far as dollar amount of free cash flow is still going to be pretty dependent on the market and how that market plays into our fee businesses, because obviously, those sit at higher percent free cash flow, flowing into that overall company number.  And so again, like I said, I do think we're going to be disciplined in the current environment, but we're also positioned for a much higher dollar amount of capital return this year. And just as a reminder, we'll also be using some of that capital to pay down debt in the third quarter, that's $300 million. And obviously, the China Pension acquisition could come into play this year as well. So a strong year of capital deployment, but some market uncertainty could play into the absolute dollar amount.
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the questions, Ryan.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: First question just on PGI earnings. I thought those were quite strong, particularly when compared to other asset managers. The $150 million, would you say that's a good run rate heading into Q3 and Q4? And I realize there's an average daily level to consider 2Q versus 3Q, but I think we've covered most of that. But I guess, my real question is, is there anything unusual in this quarter's earnings on the revenue side, like transactional revenues that may not be recurring? Or do you feel like the $150 million is a decent baseline of earnings here?
Daniel Houston: I'll have Pat address that. Again, I would just say, Tom, appreciate the question. We did have really strong results coming out of PGI, and there's a little bit of explanation with regards to some of the fees, but I'll have Pat give you those details.
Patrick Halter: Tom, thanks for the question. And maybe the only thing I'd highlight is in the second quarter, we did have some performance fees that were noted, and I think you're aware of those. And that was predominantly driven by real estate transactions. And as you know, the timing of those real estate transactions is quite variable. It kind of depends on market conditions, client demand when they want to sell, our portfolio management views of when the right time to sell. And so we did have some elevated performance fees in the second quarter that probably are front end loaded a little bit for the year, relative to the full year outlook to take advantage of some of the market conditions that we saw in the real estate center. That being said, we continue to have a good pipeline of real estate transactions that I think will be able to harvest performance fees longer term. But probably as we look forward into the second half of the year, Tom, performance fees probably will be a little more slightly muted, as market conditions warrant, but continue to have very strong, I think, expectations for the management fee outlook.
Thomas Gallagher: And Pat, just a quick follow-up on that. Is the 39% pretax margin, you think it decent? And I think that's an ex performance fee margin. Do you think that's a reasonable expectation for near-term results there?
Patrick Halter: Yes. I think it is, Tom. We clearly continue to see pressures in the management fees, particularly given the negative equity markets and the fixed income results that we saw in the first half of the year, which will put some pressure on, I think, margins. But that being said, we are very focused on preserving margins and within a target range that we put into our outlook for the year, which was 39% to 42%. And we expect to be in that range, likely probably at the lower end of that range, but definitely are going to expire, and our management team is focused on keeping those margins in that range.
Daniel Houston: The only other thing I might add is, a lot of PAT, expenses or variable expenses, and we are across the entire organization aligning expenses with our estimated revenues. And so a very conscientious effort to preserve as much margin as we possibly can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: So first, a question for Pat, just on investment performance at PGI. And it seems like it's gotten progressively worse if you look at a 3-year, 1-year versus the 5-year and longer periods. And wondering if you think this is because of any stylistic differences or anything more company specific? And what's the impact of this, both on PGI where you've shown very strong flows recently, but then also some of your other businesses that rely on PGI?
Daniel Houston: Pat?
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. So on the 1-year numbers, we have had some, I think, performance that is in more in the third and fourth quarter, predominantly due to our style of investing. On the equity side, it's predominantly a quality growth philosophy into our investment approach, whereas value in cyclical, certain style of investing has performed much better. That being said though, Jimmy, we really haven't seen a correlation between 1-year performance and net cash flow, which is really the important, I think, variable to look at.  As we see, and as you look at our 3-, 5- and 10-year performance numbers, those are probably more, I think, insightful in terms of what that translates into investment net cash flow going forward. And we continue to see very strong, I think, results in that longer-term sort of horizon. We still have a really strong base of strategies that are competitive in the eyes of investors and desired by investors in the marketplace. We saw that in the second quarter with some of our equity capabilities, very desired in the marketplace yet.  We saw that in some of our high -- sort of income-orientated capabilities. And we actually think that's continued to create momentum for us in the third quarter, Jimmy. We continue to see very strong desires for some of the things that we offer. Real estate, absolutely continues to be desired. We continue to see desirability for some of our specialty income products, and that's actually starting to accelerate in the high-yield sector and preferred and emerging market debt. And we continue to see some of our equity capabilities continue to be desired in the marketplace. So our sort of solutions, our sort of broad-based capabilities I think, are still relevant in the eyes of investors, and still feel good about the performance, delivering net cash flow that will be positive as we look forward.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on fee retirement, the flows, I'm assuming you're obviously benefiting from the strong labor market and competition for talent. But are you seeing any impact from inflation? And is it affecting withdrawal rates at all? Or are you seeing any hardship withdrawals or anything else of that nature because of consumers being stretched?
Daniel Houston: That's a good question, Jimmy. And as we all know, it's a tight labor market to retain and attract talent. You have to have good benefits. And I'm like you awestruck at just how strong the results are. And maybe we'll just have Chris provide some insights and perspective on the strength of the RIS-Fee business.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Dan, and thanks, Jimmy. Again, I think you're right. We are definitely benefiting from the labor markets, and the competition for talent, both low employment, higher comp, competition, and we're also seeing very strong customer retention. And we're seeing mid-teens growth in our deferrals and employee matches above what we would normally expect.  And if we break that down, we're seeing growth in the number of our participants is up, our in-plant participant growth, those that are deferring is up. Our average deferrals per members are up. The number of participants receiving an employer match has increased by 10% ex IRT. So we're just seeing really, really strong performance from both employee deferrals, employer match increases and the benefits from the labor markets.  On the withdrawal, we definitely are seeing a bit more a little bit elevated, but it's slight, largely due to the job changing that we're seeing and the churn a little bit in the employment market. So that's driving a small -- a slight increase in participant withdrawals as a percent of average AV, but it's modest.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Scott: First one I had is just around the completion of the transaction. I know the actual, I guess, on fixed annuity transactions were completed. But are you done with the, I guess, in totality, like what you announced at the time you announced that transaction, I think some of it had to do with reserve financings and that sort of thing. So is there anything left to do there that we should consider as we look at your capital position?
Daniel Houston: Yes, Alex. I appreciate the question. And we've talked about this previously. And just maybe bring it full circle, the effort that went into the strategic review was really exhaustive, work with the Board of Directors and outside advisers. And we really did feel when we presented a year ago June, our go-forward strategy that we had interrogated every business, every market, every location for its ability to contribute to the long-term success as we've framed it for you and all the other investors.  I would say any other modifications from here are on the margin around products, around market specifically, but the heavy lifting is, for the most part, complete and feel really good about the go-forward strategy. Deanna, any further comments?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think your question was really specific to the $800 million of deployable proceeds and the timing of that. Sitting here today, we have received the majority of that. Some came in first quarter. Most of it came up until -- in second quarter up to today, and a small amount is yet to come probably later this year or maybe a little bit early next year. And that's either sitting in holdco or sitting in the life company. So almost all of that is already in hand.
Daniel Houston: To get the benefit, we already had 2 questions answered with 1 question. So you still get a follow-up there, Alex.
Alexander Scott: I guess for the second question, in RIS-Fee, when I think about the strategy to improve margins there as you sort of bring Wells Fargo completely on, TSA fees gone now. Market's a little more volatile though. What does that look like in terms of where margins go from here?
Daniel Houston: Chris?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thank you. Yes. I mean, I think, as you noted, the fee businesses are certainly seeing a little bit of margin pressure. But as Deanna pointed out in her comments, we also have a spread-based retirement business. And we do look at managing those in total. And so when you get the offset, it's helpful. As we think about the fee margin going forward, the macro headwinds are providing the greatest pressure to the margin performance.  And obviously, as Deanna mentioned in our comments, there's a natural lag to adjusting to the speed at which the market's moved on both equities and fixed income in the second quarter. So we're going to be looking at really pulling revenue and expense levers to narrow the gap to the margin guidance we initially provided. And obviously, some of that will be dependent upon market performance. We certainly have seen a better market performance to start the third quarter. So the combination of us remaining disciplined on expenses, looking for additional revenue opportunities, as well as market should help us close and narrow that gap to the margin guidance we originally provided.
Daniel Houston: Alex, it's also probably worth noting that -- and we've talked about this historically, and that is some of the value creation from the Platform is captured within asset management, where we're able to get mandates for existing customers and the IRT customers, TRS benefits are captured and oftentimes within our NQ or the Life area. And of course, the participants rollover opportunities will show up in our mutual fund complex.  So again, I think we have to be thinking in a very comprehensive way when we think about the value of the retirement platform, and where some of these benefits are accruing within the overall organization. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Actually, I wanted to follow up on the RIS-Fee discussion. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the drivers of the year-over-year decline in normalized earnings, which were down a bit more than the market in AUM over the same period. So I guess, was there anything unusual in expenses here? Or is that kind of $111 million adjusted number a good baseline to think about going forward?
Daniel Houston: Chris, please?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. Erik. Certainly, the macro pressures are the biggest driver of that. There is some offset and some additional expense pressure happening from some post migration work on IRT and the Trust and Custody businesses. As you all remember, we just brought over the Trust and Custody business at the end of February. So we are seeing some elevated expenses through the balance of this year as we bring that business and get that business in our normal state. But again, we're going to be really disciplined in working to narrow that gap to the guidance we provided.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up on just thinking about capital return beyond the second half of 2022. And I think your plan contemplates drawing down a lot of the excess capital. So should we think of kind of for 2023, it really being tied to your free cash flow and sort of the total payout ratio for dividends plus buybacks being in that 75% to 85% of earnings range?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it, Erik. Having said that, our 2023 reported results will be adjusted due to LDTI. So we'll have to understand kind of how that plays through. But yes, that really will be the primary driver of our capital deployment as we think beyond 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Could you walk through the moving parts that drove RBC changes in the second quarter where you're at 415%, and in the first quarter, you're at 400%. To what extent was this due to the amount of excess capital you're drawing down? Or did the reinsurance transaction have an impact? And if I could tag on here, if you're anticipating that your asset allocation changes could impact required capital in any way?
Daniel Houston: Good questions. Thanks. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, there's a couple of moving parts there. Obviously, any of the capital changes of the portfolio would have been reflected in that RBC ratio as of the end of second quarter. Most of the proceeds of the transactions do flow through the Life company. And so we did do a dividend to holdings -- to holdco during the quarter, but it did not entirely offset the proceeds from the quarter. And ultimately, we'll plan to weave that back down closer to the 400% target, as we go through the rest of the year.  So it's really driven by the transaction proceeds, obviously, normal gain from operations, but any capital -- the required capital needed from the change in the portfolio is reflected in that number.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Got it. And directionally, was it -- how did that impact?
Deanna Strable: It did have some -- it did require some additional capital just given the nature of those portfolio, but very manageable within our capital levels.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. And this doesn't affect you guys anymore because -- but just because ULSG has come up as a theme this quarter, I'm just curious back when you're contemplating various strategic updates and you identified the ULSG block transaction, what was it about the block that got your attention? Was it changes in policyholder behavior like a dynamic lapse function or something else? I'm just trying to get an industry perspective here.
Daniel Houston: I think from my perspective, it had way more to do with the strategic direction of the company that we really didn't feel that we had a product that we would be competitive in, in the retail life insurance business. At the same time, we had a strong track record in the business owner executive solutions and around nonqualified deferred comp because, again, it supports our strategy of targeting small- to medium-sized businesses, and this is what they're looking for from us.  So all the other variables around what are long-term interest rates, what's the policyholder behavior, all of those things were interesting to us. But at the end of the day, it was a divestiture of a block of business that we just didn't feel that we had differentiated capabilities to go to the market. And so maybe I'll ask Amy if she has any additional comments she wants to place there as we contemplated that book of business. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Dan, I think you've done a nice job answering that question. I think one of the things that's lost a little bit of focus through this strategic review is we actually prior to initiating the strategic review had announced that we were going to discontinue new ULSG sales. And so this is something that really was even without the extra strategic review or something that wasn't fitting in our portfolio, as well in terms of the future moves we needed to have, the product solutions we needed to have available to those areas that we wanted to grow. So it was, as Dan said, more of a strategic fit issue for us.
Operator: Our next question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: I know people are worried about inflation and job cuts, but group sales is rather strong across products really. Can you maybe talk about what you're seeing in your core SMB market and maybe how that trended as the quarter progressed?
Daniel Houston: Yes. I really appreciate that and what a great quarter and first half of the year for Amy and her team and the Group Benefits. Amy, you want to provide some insights. I think maybe, John, just to tag on to that, a little bit around what we're also seeing in the retirement space in terms of strength in that SMB segment because, as you know, we have a disproportionate percentage of our business in that market space. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So John, you've already noted great sales. Also just not across the industry in terms of group benefits, that clearly all of us who have Group Benefits business has been benefiting from kind of that strong competition for labor. Where I would say Principal's probably uniquely been benefiting is that with that small- to medium-sized business focus, we are seeing a sentiment emerge.  And again, you're aware that Principal does some primary research on this. So we're starting to see some sentiment emerge that says even if we are headed into a point where we have inflation or recessionary concerns, I would say those small business owners and midsized businesses have thought so hard for that talent.  What they're saying is, the first action I am not going to take is, I'm not going to impact wages, and I'm not going to impact employment. So we're seeing very nice persistency in wages and employment. We're also still continuing to see some growth. So our indexing in that small to midsized business market, combined with the sentiment we're seeing, is really putting together some nice growth now, and we continue to see that through the future, as Deanna indicated in her comments.
Daniel Houston: Chris, any comments you want to add relative to your SMB block and what you're seeing in terms of strength?
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. I mean, we're seeing strength across all plan segments. But with respect to small, medium, large and mega, we're seeing really nice momentum. In the SMB market, in particular, we saw a really nice cash flow. We saw participant AVs up at about 5% year-over-year. Our total contracts, our total plan numbers in the SMB space are up, and our recurring deposits in the SMB space alone are up about 14%.  And we have concentrations in our retirement business, I think, similar to Amy's in the professional scientific technical services segment, which is a very large portion of our retirement block, which is projected to have the second highest growth behind health care over the next 7 years or so. So we feel really good about our position on the retirement side in the SMB space as well.
Daniel Houston: John, do you have a follow-up?
John Barnidge: Yes. Thanks, Dan. You had talked about within PGI, there had been some performance fees from real estate gains. Did gain harvesting get accelerated in the first half of the year? And is there a knock on that we should be thinking about variable investment income in the second half from that? Or could you offer maybe a look into the third quarter since that's a one quarter asset lag?
Daniel Houston: I'll defer it to Pat, but I would just simply say this. We think of this as being a decision that lies within our investment professionals on the timing of divestitures. And when we take full advantage of that because, ultimately, we're trying to deliver value to our investors, and without regards to the overall corporation's needs. But Pat, any further insights on the real estate profit harvesting?
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks, John. The timing really is much more aligned with where the properties are at. They're stage of development or stage of just acceptability in terms of sort of harvesting the gains off those properties. It's really a market condition evaluation, John, where the real estate values are, what we're actually sort of looking forward and seeing, what our clients' desires are, what our portfolio managers feel is the right time to harvest those gains.  And so it's not a financial sort of arbitrage discussion, it's really to optimize the performance of that asset. And so the timing is variable, and it will be dependent on market conditions and the decision-making of our portfolio managers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I just wanted to follow up on one of John's questions, I don't think you answered. Any just insights into what we should expect for VII here in the third quarter?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll make a few comments and see if Pat has anything to add. So I think you're aware, and it really got flowed into the last question, more of our VII than probably some of our peers is driven by real estate. Obviously, prepays and other alts flow into that as well. I also think it's worth noting that alts portfolio is less skewed to private equity than our peers, which does reduce the volatility of our VII.  Sitting here today, just given the lag, we could see negative VII in the second half of the year lower than our expectations. But I also think it's really critical to understand that the makeup of our portfolio does reduce the volatility, both on the upside and the downside, relative to our expected levels. But Pat, do you have anything more to add there?
Patrick Halter: No, I just think the second half of 2022, obviously, macro headwinds. And as we talk to the managers, particularly in the private equity side, the current market outlook and lagging nature of the return cycle, we could see some pullback clearly in our alts performance and probably be below trend to what we've been seeing in the past.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then I guess, it was -- maybe if I could just have one quick clarification on it. When you said negative, do you mean like negative relative to expectations or an absolute negative return?
Patrick Halter: Negative relative to expectations.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then just my follow-up is on the assumption review. I know it's less of an issue for you guys now. But anything that you're paying particular attention to as you go through that process? And just wanted to confirm that within the retained Life block that you have, that there's no SGUL sitting in there?
Daniel Houston: Good question. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple of things there. You obviously are -- we're coming up on our third quarter review since we're sitting here today. I do think it's important to understand that as part of the strategic review, and as we worked with third-party consultants, we did take a look at all of our actuarial assumptions. So I think that will play into the magnitude of the changes that we'll contemplate, as we go through this review.  We obviously will be updating for current starting interest rates. So that obviously -- if it stays where it is today, we'll have a positive impact on our actuarial balances. And then specifically to the ULSG, no, we have no remaining secondary guaranteed business within our block. And any impact from an assumption change on the reinsured block would be entirely offset by a reinsurance credit. And so again, that obviously does reduce the risk in our block of business as we go into the third quarter review.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Just clarifying, Deanna, based around your comments, I would assume that from an excess capital standpoint, you want to get to the $800 million that you had specified at your Investor Day, so draw the excess down to $800 million?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Andrew, that is our intent. Obviously, around the edges, whether it gets exactly to $800 million or a range around that, obviously, things happen at the end of the quarter that you don't always understand. But that's our desire. Obviously, if anything, greatly increases the risk from a credit perspective, we'll be prudent and disciplined relative to that. But sitting here today, that's our desire.
Andrew Kligerman: Makes sense. And along the way, from an M&A standpoint, are you seeing any acquisitions that you might be interested in? And if so, could you give a little color around that?
Daniel Houston: Right now, we feel strong, Andrew, that our organic investment is where we want to put our focus in all of our businesses. We certainly have a sort of an active pipeline of seeing and putting eyes on asset prices, and all the businesses in which we do business. But at this point in time, we do not anticipate deploying capital beyond Emerald, which is, of course, the investment in -- I'm sorry, in China, with regards to our enterprise annuity build-out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: So I'm hearing mixed things. You obviously had an interesting commentary about the LDTI impact prior to this quarter and now there's a very limited impact going this quarter. There's some volatility in there. But would you be willing to spend any money on hedging merely to manage the volatility in LDTI? Or does that seem like not a useful use of your capital?
Daniel Houston: I think it'd be inefficient to do so, but I'll defer to my very capable CFO to respond.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think you come back to that LDTI does not impact the underlying economics, free cash flow generation or capital position. We feel good about our hedging positions that we have across our portfolio and don't feel that LDTI will impact that. I also come back to that a majority of that does sit in AOCI that volatility. And again, still feel that looking at equity and book value ex AOCI is the appropriate metric, one, given the fact of the volatility there and not all assets and liabilities are running through with LDTI or mark-to-market. So we wouldn't contemplate any changes sitting here today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi.
Michael Ward: Just a quick one. Any update or further detail you might be able to provide on the China Construction Bank deal, potential use of capital?
Daniel Houston: Yes. So again, very much on track having sought and received the regulatory approval. There's some final steps that we're taking with CCB itself, but definitely see this coming to close before the end of the year and feel very good about leveraging that existing relationship with China Construction Bank.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. And Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: Thank you, operator. I appreciate that. I just want to highlight a couple of recent additions to the Principal leadership team. Teresa Hassara will work with Chris Littlefield to lead our workplace savings and retirement business. Teresa has spent the last 25 years helping shape the workplace retirement solutions, and will be just a tremendous add here at Principal.  We also want to welcome Natalie Lamarque, who has joined us as our new General Counsel. Natalie has had extensive experience and unique experience within the industry that will provide a welcome perspective to the company. She'll also receive compliance and our government relations operations. It's wonderful to have both Teresa and Natalie joined the organization.  I look forward to, and I know the other executives look forward to visiting with investors here over the next couple of weeks to answer any unanswered questions. Thank you for your time today.
Operator: And thank you for participating today. Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, August 12, 2022. 1373-1251 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 877-660-6853 and that is for the U.S. and Canada or you can dial 201-612-7415 for International callers.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference call over to Humphrey Lee, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Humphrey Lee : Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at investors.principal.com. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, the CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open the call for questions. Other available for the Q&A session include Chris Littlefield, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation.  Dan?
Dan Houston : Thanks, Humphrey, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share the progress we're making against our financial targets and touch on key performance highlights for the quarter. Deanna will follow with additional detail around our first quarter results as well as our current financial and capital position.  Before we dive in, I have a few important business updates to share. We continue to work towards the second quarter close of the transactions to reinsure our U.S. retail fixed annuities and ULSG blocks. As shared previously, we expect approximately $800 million of deployable proceeds upon closing and through additional capital management actions.  In China, CCB Pension Management, a subsidiary of China Construction Bank, recently announced they are in the final stages of seeking regulatory approval for Principal to acquire a minority stake of more than 17% in the pension company. CCB is the second largest bank in the world, and we've had a strong relationship with them for over 17 years through our asset management joint venture. We look forward to receiving final approval and expanding our relationship to leverage our global retirement and asset management expertise through our partnership. We plan to share more details once the transaction closes.  Lastly, the integration of the Institutional Retirement and Trust business is now complete as the final piece, the trust and custody business successfully migrated to principal during the first quarter. The IRT acquisition added scale and elevated our position to a top retirement provider, including number 3 provider of defined contribution plans based on the number of participants and the number 1 position for defined benefit, nonqualified deferred compensation and ESOP based on the number of plants. It gave us new capabilities, including an industry-leading depth and breadth of retirement offerings through total retirement solutions. It's providing new revenue opportunities, including IRA rollovers, managed accounts and proprietary asset management. And as a result of the acquisition, we benefited from growth in sales pipeline, driven by our new consultant relationships.  Turning to our financial highlights on Slide 4. Amid market volatility, ongoing impacts from the pandemic and geopolitical events and uncertainties, our first quarter results highlight the focus, strength and resiliency of our diversified business strategy.  In the first quarter, we reported $429 million of non-GAAP earnings or $1.63 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, earnings increased 8% over the first quarter of 2021. We continue to deliver on our strengthened capital deployment strategy to return excess capital to shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned nearly $900 million through share repurchases and common stock dividends. We closed the first quarter with $714 billion of total company AUM, a 7% increase over the first quarter of 2021. Now turning to our business highlights. Focused execution on our growth drivers of retirement, asset management and benefits and protection continue to fuel growth across the businesses. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, we delivered tremendous growth in the first quarter after a strong 2021. The demand for benefits, robust hiring and favorable wage trends continue to increase across our target market of small- to medium-sized businesses. Specialty Benefits premium and fees increased 10% compared to the first quarter of 2021, driven by record sales, strong retention and employment growth. Trailing 12-month employment growth was a record 4.7% for the total block.  In Individual Life, our focus on business market is resonating with distributors as we produce record nonqualified COLI sales and robust business owner sales. Over 50% of the COLI sales were part of a total retirement solution plan with RIS, highlighting the opportunity to build long-term multiproduct relationships with customers through integrated solutions. Our pipeline of new business continues to grow as employers focus on benefits as 1 effective strategy to help them attract as well as retain talent. In our U.S. retirement business, RIS-Fee reoccurring deposits were strong and increased nearly 60% compared to a year ago quarter. This includes a 17% increase in our legacy block in addition to deposits from the IRT retirement participants. As the economic recovery continues, participants are saving more for retirement. Compared to a year ago, the average dollars of deferrals per participant has increased 5% and the average dollars of employer match per participant has increased 6%, both of which are fueling growth in reoccurring deposits.  Additionally, the number of participants deferring across the block has increased more than $2.2 million over the same period, reflecting the full integration of the IRT retirement participants. The increase in deposits, strong sales and retention as well as a benefit from fewer dollars of withdrawals due to lower equity market performance, drove $3 billion of positive account value net cash flow in the first quarter for RIS-Fee. In Global Asset Management, PGI managed AUM of $537 billion benefited from positive net cash flow the addition of certain migrated IRT trust and custody assets. This was mostly offset by macroeconomic market conditions which negatively impacted equity and fixed income markets during the quarter. PGI delivered more than $3 billion of positive net cash flow across both institutional and retail platforms, driven by our differentiated solutions within real estate, specialized income capabilities and alpha performing equity strategies.  Turning to investment performance on Slide 6. Market volatility, combined with a rotation from quality and growth to value investing impacted our short-term investment performance during the quarter. Our longer-term investment performance as well as real estate returns positions us to drive positive net cash flow and to attract and retain assets going forward.  Outside the U.S., our focus remains on growing our diversified fee-based revenue across our asset management and retirement business amid near-term macro and regulatory headwinds. Reported AUM for Principal International was $164 billion at the end of the quarter, driven by favorable foreign currency movements since the beginning of the year. AUM in China, which is not included in our reported AUM grew by 10% from the end of the year to $193 billion with strong growth coming from retail clients. Before I turn it over to Deanna, I want to highlight a notable recognition we recently received. Pensions and investments, once again included Principal on its list of Best Places to Work in Money Management. We're proud to be 1 of only 5 companies that have been included every year in the award's 10-year history. This is just 1 example of how our employees and leaders continue to build a culture that makes people proud to work at Principal and deliver every day for our customers.  Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter as well as an update on our current financial and capital position. Our transformation into a higher growth, higher return, more capital-efficient company focused on our growth drivers is paying off.  As of the first quarter and excluding significant variances, non-GAAP EPS increased 13% over the year-ago quarter, and ROE improved 50 basis points from the end of the year to 14.5% and is well on the way to 15%. Net income attributable to Principal was $376 million in the first quarter, including $50 million of net realized capital losses with $20 million of credit losses. Excluding significant variances, first quarter non-GAAP operating earnings of $478 million or $1.81 per diluted share increased 8% and 13%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2021. The non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was approximately 15% on a reported basis and 16% excluding significant variances. For the full year, we continue to expect to be within the 17% to 20% guided range.  As detailed on Slide 14, we had several significant variances that had a net negative impact on non-GAAP operating earnings during the first quarter. Benefits from favorable variable investment income and inflation in Latin America were more than offset by COVID related claims, lower than expected encaje performance, higher DAC amortization and the final IRT integration costs. We've had a net negative impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $63 million pretax, $49 million after tax and approximately $0.19 per diluted share.  Specific to variable investment income, RIS-Spread, Principal International and Individual Life benefited by a combined $47 million pretax, primarily due to higher-than-expected alternative investment returns. This was partially offset by a negative $32 million impact in corporate as the increase in interest rates and decline in equity investments negatively impacted some mark-to-market investments. COVID continues to impact results in RIS-Spread and U.S. Insurance Solutions. With approximately 153,000 U.S. COVID-related deaths in the quarter, the net $30 million after-tax impact was at the higher end of our rule of thumb.  Looking at macroeconomic factors in the quarter, the S&P 500 Index decreased 5% and the daily average decreased 3% compared to the fourth quarter. This negatively impacted fee revenue compared to the fourth quarter as well as DAC amortization and RIS-Fee. The daily average increased 16% from the year ago quarter, benefiting revenue, AUM and account values in RIS-Fee and PGI.  Foreign exchange rates were a tailwind compared to the fourth quarter and on a trailing 12-month basis, but a headwind relative to the year ago quarter. Impact to reported pretax operating earnings included a positive $3 million compared to fourth quarter 2021, a negative $4 million compared to first quarter 2021 and a positive $11 million on a trailing 12-month basis.  In RIS-Spread, pretax operating earnings were a record on a reported basis of strong net investment income, favorable experience gains and growth in the business boosted results. Relative to the fourth quarter, PGI's margin and pretax operating earnings were pressured by expected expense seasonality and lower fee revenue, including a 4% decline in management fees as well as lower performance fees, which can be volatile quarter-to-quarter. As we discussed on the outlook call, results in Principal International are being pressured by regulatory fee reductions in Mexico that went into effect at the beginning of the year. First quarter earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $10 million as a result of the reduction. We acknowledge there are headwinds in Mexico, and we're taking action to offset a portion of this impact in the near term through expense management. It's important to remember that the mandatory contributions in Mexico are scheduled to increase annually from 6.5% today to 15% in 2030, more than doubling retirement savings. This will provide financial security for our customers and long-term growth for Principal.  Specialty Benefits had a strong start to the year with a 60% first quarter loss ratio, excluding COVID claims and a 10% increase in premium and fees over the first quarter of 2021. As Dan mentioned, we continue to work toward a second quarter close of the reinsurance transaction and our expectations around the financial impacts haven't changed from what we shared on the outlook call. As a reminder, we'll have a year-to-date true-up that will transfer all of the associated revenue and earnings as of the beginning of the year. Turning to capital and liquidity. We remain in a strong financial position and are focused on returning excess capital to shareholders. At the end of the first quarter, we had $1.7 billion of excess and available capital, including $1.4 billion at the holding company, higher than our $800 million to cover 12 months of obligations, and approximately $325 million in our subsidiaries.  Our estimated risk-based capital ratio was 400% at the end of the quarter, in line with our target. We will continue to maintain a 20% to 25% leverage ratio and expect the ratio to improve once the transaction closes and as we pay down $300 million of long-term debt set to mature later this year. As shown on Slide 5, we are well on our way to returning our targeted $2.5 billion to $3 billion of capital to shareholders in 2022, including $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share repurchases. We returned nearly $900 million of capital to our shareholders in the first quarter with $167 million of common stock dividends and $724 million through share repurchases. $560 million of share repurchases was through a $700 million accelerated share repurchase program, the balance of which will be completed in the second quarter.  Last night, we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, a 5% increase from the dividend paid in the second quarter of 2021. This is in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio and reflect strong business performance. As we move forward, executing on our go-forward strategy and strengthen capital deployment approach, we will continue to invest in our growth drivers of retirement in the U.S. in select emerging markets, global asset management and U.S. benefits and protection, all with an aim to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: You've had strong growth in alternatives and PGI, higher fee product seems to be in secular demand. Can you maybe talk about that? And does this make you want to create more products for that business as well?
Dan Houston: John, appreciate the question. And you're right, Pat and his team have been deliberately shifting and they've been doing it for years. And it's obviously paying off here is we continue to see the market cycle. But Pat, do you want to provide some feedback on the alt?
Pat Halter: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. It really starts first with client interest, and we continue to see some very, very strong interest in [alts], particularly real assets and in the private space. As you probably know, we are one of the largest real estate investment management organizations worldwide. And so we're going to continue to build on the differentiated capabilities we have within real estate and offer those capabilities through all the different channels that we serve today. And we think there's a lot of runway in terms of not only in institutional space, but also in the retirement space. And then ultimately, as high net worth individuals continue to seek out new alternative investment strategy. So I think we're going to continue to absolutely grow in our real estate capabilities.  We also have some very strong private credit capabilities, and we think that's a place that also has significant growth potential. And so we'll be continuing to build out our private credit capabilities going forward. Beyond that, we'll continue to seek out new capabilities that we think the marketplace desires, things like hybrid debt, more private equity capabilities would be something that we'd like to sort of aspire to continue to also build out. So we will lean in towards alternatives because client demand is increasing. And I think because we have strong capabilities in that arena, John.
John Barnidge: Fantastic. And then a follow-up. Strong movement in group sales across all products. Can you maybe talk about that, the health of the small business because I know that's a large portion of your consumer base?
Dan Houston: It's a great observation. Clearly, small business is open for business in the U.S. for sure. Amy, you want to provide some additional detail?
Amy Friedrich: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. Yes, it's clear that the small business strategy is working. And so when we look at those small business dynamics, they are hiring, they're taking care of their key executives, and they're worried about competing with all sized businesses in terms of what they do for their key executives and how they attack and retain talent. And so we're really seeing ourselves as the beneficiary of a competitive wage market, a competitive labor market, but probably even more importantly, this is the expression of really what's been years of a build for us at a local market. We have experienced folks who are well seasoned and well developed relationships in our local market. And what we're seeing is we have products that are attractive, underwriting discipline and growth that we see is very strong which is going to continue to be strong. So those macro conditions as well as our own brand and our own developments in technology and processes and relationships that are really paying off for us, and we see that continuing in 2022.
Dan Houston: This might be a good time to reintroduce Chris Littlefield to investors who's new to the role, replacing Renee Schaaf, although he's not new to the industry. He's formally been CEO of 2 other publicly traded companies. I know he knows a number of the analysts on the call today, but honestly, in replacing Renee, he's got responsibility for our RIS-Fee and Spread business. So maybe, Chris, to follow on John's comments with regards to the small, medium-sized business market. How are you seeing that for the retirement space?
Chris Littlefield: Yes. Thank you, Dan. John, good to talk to you again. I think we see the same strength in the retirement space as well. I mean we continue to see strong employment growth across all elements of our business and certainly see growth in small business. We see an uptick in adoption of plans as well as increases in matches across all segments. So we really see the same strong employment tailwinds in the retirement side of our business as we see it in the Group Benefits side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Dan, I recognize you probably can't give specific comments on the China Construction Bank deal that you mentioned. Can you at least indicate whether you would expect that to consume a meaningful amount of your capital from a size standpoint? And would that potentially reduce the size of buybacks? Or it sounded to me like you were still planning on doing the buyback ranges that you had guided to for 2022.
Dan Houston: Yes, Tom, I appreciate the question. I'll have Deanna follow-up here. Just -- I just want to be on the record with this. And many of you have followed Principal for a very long time, and you have known that it has been our long-term desire to expand our relationship with CCB. And I remind investors, it's the second largest bank in the world. We've had a relationship on asset management and the retail mutual fund business since 2005. It's a very healthy relationship. You heard in my prepared comments that we are buying a minority interest in what is already a well-established retirement company.  What makes them a little bit unique, Tom, is they have pillars 1, 2 and 3. So it allows them to manage money for the national and provincial retirement savings pools as well as the enterprise annuity, which has probably been the most common conversation with investors in the past. And then lastly, Pillar 3 is around private retirement funds of funds. So this is just a terrific win for Principal. We're very excited, and I'll have Deanna sort of finish up with some additional details around the transaction.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tom, just as a follow-up there, this was factored into our 2022 capital deployment plans. If you remember back to outlook call, there was a waterfall chart there that showed kind of beginning of the year to the end of the year, and there was a placeholder in there for M&A and/or additional share buyback. So that would have been included in that and thus does not have any impact on what we've talked about regarding return to shareholders in the year 2022. We will obviously give more financial details, capital, earnings implications of that transaction once it's disclosed. But as Dan said, we're very excited about the opportunity and the prospects going forward.
Dan Houston: Hope that helps, Tom.
Tom Gallagher: That does, Deanna. So just my follow-up is Deanna, can you comment on the sequential decline in expenses at PGI that you would expect into 2Q? I know seasonally, Q1 is on the high side. Just want to get a sense if you can give kind of a dollar range. I was thinking maybe $10 million to $15 million reduction seem reasonable given what's happened historically. But if you could provide any color on that?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think at a high level, you're in the right ballpark, but I'll see if Pat has anything else to add on to that.
Pat Halter: Yes, Tom, I think what you're referring to is sort of this every first quarter of the year, we had a sort of a true-up in terms of expenses relative to long-term compensation and payroll taxes. And that does have an increase in the first quarter expense structure for PGI. And it's probably going to be more around $15 million in terms of what that expense is, and you should not expect to see that expense in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Could you -- within PGI, could you discuss how the rising interest rate environment is or could affect demand for your products and your flow outlook going forward?
Dan Houston: Pat, do you
Pat Halter: Yes, Ryan. I think one of the things that's great, I think about our suite of investment capabilities, we have some very strong income-producing investment capabilities. And the actual sort of rise in interest rates are starting to create some very interesting absolute returns, again, in fixed income. So we're starting to see, again, some pivot more towards interesting conversation around the absolute returns that things like emerging market debt, preferreds, high yield sort of debt is producing in terms of absolute return. So that's one sort of aspect of it. Clearly within our existing block because we do have a total return sort of portfolio of fixed income, the rise in interest rates has created somewhat of a headwind in terms of mark-to-market on an existing block in terms of AUM. But from a client perspective, we're seeing some very interesting, I think, eyeballs again on fixed income in terms of allocations.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then, Deanna, do you have preliminary estimate on what the true-up impact would be in the second quarter after the reinsurance transaction closes?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ryan, just as a reminder, and you're correct, there will be a true-up in the quarter that the transaction closes to transfer those economics to the counterparty. I don't have the estimate in the first quarter, but we will be transparent regarding the impact. And I would say it's still an alignment of what we talked about as the outlook call regarding those pieces that will impact earnings in the year. And if you remember, that was a total of about $130 million of after-tax impact including the earnings from those blocks, stranded costs as well as lost revenue in PGI. But regarding the first quarter true-up, we'll make sure you have that in and once those transactions close.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous.
Erik Bass: Maybe to start, one, to follow up on Ryan's question on PGI net flows. I just was hoping you could provide some more color on the trends in the first quarter and sort of the dynamics between retail and institutional. And then with markets continuing to sell off in the second quarter, are you seeing any changes in demand or the institutional pipeline? And is it taking longer for anything to fund?
Dan Houston: Pat, please?
Pat Halter: Yes, Eric. Thanks for the question. We had, I think, a very across the board, strong net cash flow in the first quarter, both in some of the income-orientated investments that I highlighted earlier, along with real estate that we discussed a little bit earlier, along with some alpha generating equity strategies. We're continuing to see that strong demand in the second quarter, Ryan, and it's actually in those 3 areas again. We're continuing to see some very strong institutional demand, particularly in real estate and in the high alpha generation equity capabilities. And then in terms of retail, the continuation of, I think, the storyline toward desires and strong alpha equity capabilities continues, and we continue to see flow there. So I'm quite constructive on the second quarter yet in terms of the continuation of what we're seeing from the first quarter.
Erik Bass: Great. And then 1 question. I just noticed in the slide deck, I think your sensitivity now to a change in 100 basis points of interest rates is 1% to 2% of earnings. I think it had historically been less than 1%. So just was curious why this has increased especially since you're exiting and fixed annuities, which I thought would have been more rate-sensitive pieces of your business.
Dan Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. So we did update that at the outlook call and did reflect kind of the go-forward kind of prospects there. I think we have a better understanding of the impact on some of the fee levels within PGI and RIS that we've reflected in there, just given the fact that a portion of that AUM is fixed income. And so again, I think it's still modest, probably relative to most of our It's positive on a long-term basis but can have some short-term pressures just given the impact on the AUM.
Dan Houston: That was under the category of a as we looked at prior experiences and what that looked like. So I think it's our part refinement, Erik.
Erik Bass: Got it. And just where would the biggest benefits come through by business line?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Ultimately, you're going to see it in a number of places. But again, it can take some time to emerge. Obviously, net investment income, you'll see benefits from. So obviously, that would be primarily in spread in the insurance businesses. You'll have some impact ultimately on our pension costs, which actually gets spread across all of our businesses. Claim reserves and capital backing our insurance businesses would benefit as well. And so again, primarily the benefits would be in more of the annuity and insurance businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: I'm wondering if you could shed some color on your view of favorable non-COVID-19 group life claims that you saw in Specialty Benefits.
Dan Houston: Yes. Absolutely. Amy, can handle that.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So Tracy, one of the things that -- to keep in mind about our block of group life is that our block of group life is going to be primarily underwritten for small cases. The plan designs are going to be designed around those small cases. So when we're looking at small case, they're going to have the ability to have the rate kind of line up with the experience that we're seeing on them on a more -- more frequently than some of the other folks who are writing in that large case marketplace. So we have the ability to kind of get that rate and claims lined up pretty closely together.  What we are seeing in that block of business, though is that our average claim size is probably going to be smaller than some of our peer competitors just from the plan designs we're writing in that space. So we're seeing what I would consider sort of normal positive volatility on that non-COVID group life block. But again, Principal's group life block is probably going to have some characteristics to it that could behave differently than the rest of the industry.
Dan Houston: Do you have a follow-up, Tracy?
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. No, thats very helpful. Yes, maybe sticking with Specialty Benefits. If you could also touch on the increase in your individual disability loss ratio if we should  if I should read into that anyway.
A Amy Friedrich: Thanks, Tracy. Yes, I would not read into that in any way. I would look at the things that happened within individual disability as 1 or 2 claims can move some things around. Ultimately, its a combination of new claims, kind of the incidence of those as well as the termination. So Im seeing what I would consider regular and appropriate patterns for our block of business on the new claims were putting on as well as the termination on rates on those. Im not seeing anything COVID or non-COVID that looks out of pattern.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Just curious on RIS-Spread. I think Deanna, in your comments, you mentioned it was a record result even on -- I believe, on a normalized basis, the results came in much better than your guidance. So could you just unpack that? And I think you mentioned a couple of things, but if you could give us any specificity on what drove it, that would be helpful.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll make some comments and then see if Chris wants to add in as well. Do keep in mind, Suneet, that the current quarter results do include retail fixed annuities. So that will be adjusted out the transaction closes. We also saw some positive volatility and gains. Those again, tend to be stronger in the first part of the year and then normalize out for the rest of the year. But I would probably still point you back to our outlook ranges for the full year and really on those post-transaction ranges for both revenue growth and margin. But again, first quarter was a really strong start to the year. And some of that trend, I think, will continue, some, we'll see some volatility quarter-to-quarter.
Dan Houston: Chris, anything to add?
Chris Littlefield: No, I think she covered it well.
Dan Houston: Excellent.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then I guess my follow-up was on -- is on Mexico. Obviously, you guys guided to the reduction in fees, but we were a little surprised to see that business produce a loss. And it looked like there is some volatility in NII. So I guess, wondering if you think that business can return to profitability. And then relatedly, is that an area where you guys would think about inorganic growth?
Dan Houston: Yes. So let me take it and I'll ask throw to Deanna as well will tag team this a little bit. The first thing I'd say is we've been talking about this for some time. But in spite of the regulatory fee reductions that occurred earlier in the year, we do see a path forward for that business, in large part because the contributions are going to start scaling up from 6.5% to 15% up until 2030. There is -- this is a significant pool of capital in Mexico. We think that the legislative and regulatory changes have been made. So we know what the operating model needs to be. We know that we've got a shortfall as it relates to revenue relative to the expenses. As Deanna said in her prepared comments, we're in a position to take that expense out and get it in a proper alignment. So a good path. And with that, I'll throw it to Deanna to talk to the numbers specifically.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just 1 comment there that you may not be aware of, but Mexico did have a hit from encaje in the quarter. That would have been in the magnitude of $4 million to $5 million. And so that earnings would have been slightly positive in the quarter. So I just wanted to make sure that you understood I don't think we explicitly split out the significant variance by country, but that was the impact in Mexico.
Suneet Kamath: And then inorganic growth there, is that still on the table? Or is the something you'd be interested in?
Dan Houston: Right now, we're focusing on growth in an organic way. We're looking very closely at all the options, and we think there are things we could do from a distribution perspective. There are some things we can do to manage our our expenses, but we don't see that the path forward in Mexico would involve a large acquisition, let's say, in order to change our long-term view of the Mexico market. Does that help, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: Yes, that's pretty clear, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, I had a question on just PGI investment performance. And if we look at 1 year numbers, they seem weaker than 3-year, 5-year or longer term. So wondering if you could just comment on what's causing that? Or like is it market driven, some of the big asset classes you're out of style or what's going on there? And how does this affect your views on your flows over the next year or 2.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, I appreciate the question. I'm reminded of the old adage you're only good as your most recent quarter. But as we know, PGI has put a lot of very solid quarters back-to-back for many years in your the 1-year performance is soft. I don't know Pat and his team have been interrogating those -- the rationale and why we find ourselves in a position today. So Pat, Please?
Pat Halter: Yes, Jimmy, thanks for the question. I think one of the things that just to highlight is there has been a fairly significant shift over the last couple of quarters relative to investors and how our performance has behaved relative to our style of investee versus what the marketplace is providing. And we have a very biased sort of approach on the equity side to grow and to quality. And value really has definitely outperformed growth in the marketplace and quality has not served well in the marketplace in the last few quarters. And some of the sort of sectors that have been very much driving, I think, some of the returns in the value space, energy and commodities, which have been big winners. That's not where we spend a lot of our focus in terms of quality and growth. So there has been, I think, a factor tilt that has caused the 1-year numbers to be as they are.  That being said, as I mentioned earlier in my earlier responses, investors continue to look at our 3- and 5-year numbers in terms of their decision-making. And we continue to see in some of our real strong alpha producing capabilities really in small Cap -- U.S. small cap and mid cap and actually in large cap in terms of our capabilities with Blue Chip. We're continuing to see very strong 3- and 5-year numbers, and that's continuing to attract capital to us in terms of sales activity and retention. So we'll continue to be very focused on obviously navigating short-term performance. But we still have, I think, a very strong long-term investment sort of alpha generation platform here, and we have confidence that, that will endure ourselves as we go forward.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on your retirement business, I think when you initially took on the block in the trust and custody assets, the income dropped because of lower interest rates. I think now you've changed product a little bit, but do you -- how do you think about that business with the increase in rates that we've seen recently?
Dan Houston: Yes, I start with the fact that I think they've -- it's nice to have the trust and fully moved over along with the retirement business, and there's a clear path forward with a lot of momentum, and I'll ask Chris to speak to your specific question.
Chris Littlefield: Yes, yes. Thanks, Jimmy. I think what you're referencing is our Principal deposit program products. So we have moved that over from a revenue share to on a principal bank, and we've seen that sweep deposits increase as we've clawed back a great deal of the revenue with that product. At the end of the quarter, we're sitting at about $2.4 billion of assets in the program, and that was up a bit over the first quarter, and we continue to see opportunities to potentially grow that. But we want to give it a little bit of time to value performance, how it behaves and the risk appetite and returns before we increase our exposure there. But overall, we manage that now more as a net investment margin business -- net interest margin business and wouldn't expect to see big swings or big upsides or downsides as a result of that product.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, we talked in the last quarter that we were trying to make up for that roughly $70 million shortfall and the structure is allowing us to recover some of it. And so again, we like what we're able to navigate here to recover some of those revenues as originally projected to investors.
Operator: And our last question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: My first one is just on expense flexibility in light of the market correction that we've experienced here. Could you discuss your expense base and just how to think through what portion of it is more variable versus the portion that's fixed and how we should expect that to play out?
Dan Houston: I appreciate the question, Alex. The one thing I just want to remind investors of is we have a long-standing history of aligning our revenue with -- or aligning our expenses with revenues. And we've gone through a lot of cycles over the years. And even as we divest businesses and acquire these businesses, we've always prioritized the alignment of those matters. It's a great question given the the current volatility. Deanna, please?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Alex. We can follow up with you to some of the specific splits on the expenses. But I kind of go back to what Dan talked about. Whenever you have a quick move in the markets, there can be some lag in our ability to adjust our expenses. But our management team is really focused on that. We have a proven history of that.  If I look at quarter-over-quarter, even with net revenue up in the 4% to 6% range, our comp and other is only up less than 2%. And if you go back to a trailing 12-month basis, when we saw 12% to 14% increase in revenue, our comp and other is only up 9%. And so something we look at. We take very, very seriously. You might see some lag relative to that, but no doubt that we will continue to focus on adjusting the expense base either through variable natural basis or other actions to make sure that we're producing margins that these businesses should produce.
Dan Houston: Do you have follow-up, Alex?
Alex Scott: Yes. Maybe a quick unrelated follow-up. Just with the closing of the Wells Fargo IRT business, are there any sort of quarter-over-quarter considerations that we should think about heading into 2Q, just in light like a full quarter of having it on board. I don't know if PSAs and so forth go away or I'm sure it's part of your outlook, but just wondering if there's anything that is fully closed that we should think about?
Dan Houston: Yes. I'll throw it to Deanna here in a second. What I would tell you is we've been doing it all along and peeling back those expenses as we've taken over more of the responsibility. What I can reaffirm is that we're very much on track with all the original projections that we had laid out with regards to expense synergies and revenue synergies, and I talked a little bit about that in my prepared comments. But Deanna, anything to add?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll make a few comments and then see if Chris has anything to add. So the first thing is integration costs are now complete. So you're no longer having that come through from a significant variance perspective. And then even though we have seen a ramp down of TSA and a start of the synergies, that will obviously ramp up now that is all complete. And so you will see that flowing through both RIS-Fee expenses as well as total company, and you'll see some more of that as we go through the rest of the year.
Dan Houston: Chris, anything to add?
Chris Littlefield: No, I think you captured I mean, we'll see the TSA runoff prime mostly in the first quarter, and integration costs are complete. So I mean, I think see and we said over the course of the year, we would see margin improve if normal markets existed due to increased expense synergies from the acquisition. So I think you'll see that through the back half of the year.
Dan Houston: Very good. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Alex, for the question.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston : First, thank you for taking the time this morning, and we look forward to getting completion on the ULSG and the fixed retail fixed annuity transaction. We very -- we feel very good about where we're at with regards to return of capital to shareholders, and again, right on track with where we're at, probably equally as excited about the momentum we have in our go-forward strategy and executing on that consistently. We're going to continue to invest in our growth businesses. We're going to continue to invest in talent and we're going to take out expenses that don't add value.  I'd also be remiss if I didn't say how fortunate we are to have Humphrey Lee joined the team. It's been wonderful onboarding him these last 90 days. I know he's reached out to a lot of the sell side and we'll certainly work with the buy side. We want to make sure that the information we're providing to you is transparent that resonates and we'll continue to look for opportunities to continue to improve our disclosures to investors. And frankly, we very much look forward to coming out and visiting with you in person in the very near future. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 p.m. Eastern Time until end of the day, May 6, 2022. 1872237 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups fourth quarter and full year 2021 conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Theres been a key change to our Financial Supplement in the fourth quarter that I want to mention. We changed our definition of AUM to exclude assets managed by third-parties on our Retirement platforms. This had an impact on our reported total company AUM and net cash flow from how we reported previously. Additionally, we broadened our definition of assets under administration to include AUM and other assets, for which we earn a fee for providing administrative services. A detailed definition for both AUM and AUA is included in our Financial Supplement. We restated historical time periods in the fourth quarter supplement to reflect the new definitions. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include: Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, US Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Well provide 2022 guidance on our upcoming outlook call scheduled for Wednesday, March 2nd. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning Ill review the successful milestones we achieved in 2021, share key performance highlights for the fourth quarter and full year 2021 and discuss our go-forward strategy highlighting the growth drivers of our business. Deanna will follow with additional details on our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial performance, as well as an update on our current financial and capital position. Reflecting on the year 2021 was truly transformational for Principal, filled with many milestone achievements. First in June, we successfully completed the integration of the IRT Retirement business, one of the largest acquisitions in our history. The remaining integration will be completed later this month when we migrate The Trust and Custody business to our platform. This acquisition solidified Principal as a top three retirement provider in the US with a balanced footprint across small, medium and large-sized plants and expanded platform capabilities to better serve our customers. In October, we celebrated our 20th anniversary as a public company, a turning point that launched two decades of exponential customer in AUM growth. As we look out over the next 20 years, I have no doubt that Principal is well positioned to lead and continue meeting and anticipating the needs of our 51 million customers. And perhaps our most significant milestone, we completed an intense strategic review of our business mix and capital management approach. We aligned on a clear go-forward strategy focus on our growth drivers of Retirement in the US and emerging markets, global asset management and US benefits and protection. These are higher growth markets, where we have established leadership positions and differentiated solutions to compete and win. We committed to a strengthened capital management approach, improving capital efficiency and returning excess capital to shareholders. With this focus, we announced we would exit the US Retail Fixed Annuity and Retail Individual Life Markets, pursuing strategic alternatives for our retail fixed annuity and ULSG blocks. Over the last seven months, we did this and more. We see sales of Retail Fixed Annuities and focus our Individual Life Insurance segment on serving the business market in the third quarter of 2021. We entered into an agreement to reinsure our Retail Fixed Annuity and ULSG blocks last week, we increased our return of capital to shareholders and we met or exceeded all of our financial targets from 2021 outlook for the enterprise and for each of our businesses. Turning to our financial highlights on Slide 4 and 5. In the fourth quarter, we delivered strong results, including non-GAAP earnings of $498 million or $1.85 per diluted share, a 25% increase over the fourth quarter of 2020. Reported full year non-GAAP operating earnings were over $1.8 billion or $6.77 per diluted share. Full year 2021 earnings per share increased 37% significantly higher than our 18% to 20% guided range. Overall, our strong operating performance allowed us to return approximately $1.6 billion to shareholders in 2021. And more than $520 million in the fourth quarter alone, capping a robust year of capital deployment. Now turning to our growth drivers and our go-forward strategy. In Global Asset Management, we continue to achieve excellent performance across our breadth of in-demand strategies. At the end of 2021, 63% of Principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median for the one-year time period. Performance across our strategies improved significantly compared to the third quarter. Importantly, our long-term performance for the 3, 5 and 10-year periods are all above 80% and 79% of fund level AUM is rated 4 or 5 stars from Morningstar. This strong performance positions us well to attract and retain assets going forward. For the full year, strong performance in differentiated solutions drove positive sourced PGI net cash flow of $2.9 billion, positive institutional flows were partially offset by retail outflows. Investors continue to look to us for differentiated solutions within real estate, high yield, private assets and emerging markets. PGI managed net cash flow was a negative $500 million for the full year as we had outflows from our PGI managed Retirement assets. Despite this, strong investment performance drove record PGI managed AUM of $547 billion and PGI sourced AUM of $276 billion. We continue to add new capabilities to provide forward-thinking solutions to our customers. As an example, Principal alternative credit closed 2021 with a more than eight-fold increase in committed capital, advancing on plans to expand our private debt capabilities. As John noted on the start of the call, we changed our AUM definition in the fourth quarter, and reported $714 billion of AUM managed by Principal, a 7% increase from 2020. Under our prior definition, fourth quarter AUM would have been over $1 trillion compared to $981 billion at the end of the third quarter. Outside the US, momentum continues across our Asset Management and Retirement businesses. With record full year pre-tax operating earnings in Asia, as well as strong growth in retail equity net cash flow in China and Southeast Asia, our equity AUM in China nearly doubled in 2021 and our digital AUM grew more than 200% over year end 2020. In Chile, we produced strong net cash flow for a second consecutive year, including positive net cash flow in Cuprum and record net cash flow in our mutual fund business. We recognized the recent election of President Elect, Boric brings a level of uncertainty for the future of Chiles longstanding pension system. Were actively engaged with the new government regarding any potential legislation to reform the pension system. And we will leverage our Retirement expertise to advocate for pension sustainability and policies that strengthen financial security for our customers. Turning to US Retirement, despite higher dollars of withdrawal in the fourth quarter, primarily due to favorable equity market performance and seasonally higher contract withdrawals. Full year net cash flow was positive for our ASP, on an account value basis, net cash flow benefited from strong transfer deposits and the best contract retention rate in over a decade. Reoccurring deposits increased nearly 40% compared to 2020, including a 15% increase on our legacy block in addition to deposits from the IRT Retirement participants, the number of participants making deferrals increased approximately 60% compared to a year ago, including a 10% increase on our legacy block. With the integration of the IRT Retirement business now complete, we have turned our full attention to capitalizing on synergistic opportunities, both on the expense and revenue side, which are emerging in tangible ways. The transaction was done to grow scale and maximize the value of these assets, and we have clear signs this is happening. Net expense synergies through the end of 2021 benefited earnings by $25 million. On a run rate basis, weve realized about $50 million, more than half of our $90 million target. These savings will increase after The Trust and Custody business migrates to our platform later this month. Were also realizing increasing revenues from automatic IRAs, IRA rollovers and expanding relationships with existing customers across the enterprise. In US benefits and protection, we delivered tremendous growth aided by increased demand for benefits, robust hiring and favorable wage trends in our target market. Notably, Group benefits full year in-Group growth was a record 4% for the total block and over 5% in business with under 200 employees. Full year sales for Specialty Benefits were up 10%, and premium and fee growth was over 7%. In-Group benefits, we are seeing increases in the number of products per customer, both for new and existing customers. Higher sales and excellent customer retention coupled with a strong macro environment and competitive labor market give us a great deal of confidence in 2022 for continued market-leading growth rates. Overall, Principal enters 2022 with significant momentum. The execution of our strategic review has made us a better company, prepared to compete and win in an evolving market. Our transformed portfolio was already driving terrific results, both financially and for our customers. As we look ahead, we will continue focusing on the right markets and the right customers, leveraging our competitive advantages. Executing on this strategy, we have great line of sight and confidence and achieving our long-term financial targets. Before I turn it over to Deanna, I want to thank our employees without whom we would not have had such an exceptional year. Their dedication to Principal and their commitment to our mission is at the core of our success. We will continue to invest in our people and ensure that we are prepared as our industry evolves. Id be remiss if I didnt also take a moment to recognize Renee Schaaf, our President of Retirement and Income Solutions, who announced her retirement last week after 42 years with Principal. Renee has held several leadership positions across the company with global and domestic responsibilities, and most recently, led the Retirement business through a period of significant growth and transformation with the acquisition and integration of the IRT business. Thank you, Renee for your leadership, your passion and your commitment to Principal. We also announce Chris Littlefield, our current General Counsel, will assume leadership for our US Retirement and Income Solutions business. Chris has been with Principal since 2020, and joined us with significant C-suite, operational and leadership experience having served as CEO and President at Aviva USA and Fidelity and Guaranty Life Insurance Holding. I have all the confidence in Chriss ability to grow the business, create value across our lines of business and champion digital transformation. Mark Lagomarcino, who previously served as Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, will step into the General Counsel role as Chris moves into his new role. He will also serve as Corporate Secretary to the Board. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, Ill share the highlights of our financial performance for the quarter and full year, as well as an update on our current financial and capital position. Full year net income attributable to Principal of $1.7 billion included a $137 million of net realized capital losses was lower than expected credit losses of $31 million, $20 million of which were in the fourth quarter. Excluding significant variances, full year non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.8 billion or $6.64 per diluted share increased 15% and 17% respectively, compared to 2020, above our 8% to 10% guided range for EPS growth. This included $470 million in the fourth quarter or $1.75 per diluted share. The non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was approximately 21% for the fourth quarter, and 18% for the full year. The quarter was above our 16% to 19% guided range primarily due to State and [GALT] [ph] taxes. Since the end of 2020, weve increased ROE 340 basis points to 14.3% primarily through growth in earnings. As shown on Slide 17, we had several significant variances that impacted non-GAAP operating earnings during the fourth quarter. Benefits from favorable variable investment income, inflation in Brazil, higher than expected Encaje performance and lower DAC amortization in RIS-Fee were partially offset by COVID-related claims and IRT integration cost. These had a net positive impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $41 million pre-tax, $29 million after-tax and $0.10 per diluted share. Variable investment income was $68 million pre-tax higher than expected in the quarter, primarily driven by alternative investment returns and prepayment fees. For the full year, variable investment income was $234 million higher than expected. COVID continues to impact results in RIS-Spread in US Insurance Solutions. With approximately 125,000 US COVID-related deaths in the quarter, the net $32 million after-tax impact was higher than our rule of thumb. Group Life and Individual Life COVID claims continue to be elevated as the Delta and Omicron variants have had a greater impact on the working age population. Well provide an update on our expected COVID impacts for 2022 on our March 2nd Outlook call. While we adjust earnings for the net positive significant variances we experienced throughout the year, our free capital flow benefited from these net positive impacts and contributed to the higher capital return in 2021, as well as our planned capital return in 2022. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 index was up a 11% and the daily average increased 4% compared to the third quarter. The daily average increased 29% from the year ago quarter, benefiting revenue, AUM and account values in RIS-Fee and PGI. Foreign exchange rates were a headwind compared to the third quarter, but a tailwind on a trailing 12-month basis. Impacts to reported pre-tax operating earnings included a negative $4 million compared to third quarter 2021, a negative $3 million compared to fourth quarter 2020 and a positive $11 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Overall, 2021 was a strong year, fueled by a favorable macro environment and growth in the businesses. PGI delivered record full year pre-tax operating earnings as revenue and margin benefited from strong management fees, performance fees and disciplined expense management. Pre-tax operating earnings and margin benefited by $28 million from net performance fees in the fourth quarter and $58 million for the full year, exceeding our expectations by approximately $35 million to $40 million for the full year. Excluding the higher than expected net performance fees, PGIs margin was 42% for the full year. Turning to capital and liquidity, we are in a strong financial position and are focused on returning excess capital to shareholders. At year end, we had $2.6 billion of excess in available capital, including $2 billion with the holding company, higher than our $800 million to cover 12 months of obligations. $80 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio, which ended the year at 405% and approximately $500 million in our subsidiaries. We will continue to maintain a 20% to 25% leverage ratio and expect to pay down $300 million of long-term debt that is set to mature later this year. As shown on Slide 6, we deployed approximately $1.6 billion of capital in 2021, including more than $650 million of common stock dividends, and approximately $920 million through share repurchases. This includes approximately $350 million of repurchases in the fourth quarter, and in total is higher than the $600 million to $800 million guided range for repurchases in 2021. Last night, we announced the $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the first quarter, a 14% increase from the dividend paid in the first quarter of 2021. This is in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio, and is reflective of our strong business performance. As announced last week, we now plan to return up to $4.6 billion to shareholders between 2021 and 2022 through share repurchases and common stock dividends. This includes $2.5 billion to $3 billion of capital to shareholders in 2022, reflecting our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio, and to $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share repurchases. Before turning to Q&A, I wanted to address a question that came up on our Transaction Call last week, where we announced the reinsurance of our entire US Retail Fixed Annuity and ULSG blocks. At Investor Day, we provided GAAP reserves for US Retail Fixed Annuities of $18 billion and ULSG of $7 billion for a total of $25 billion as of March 31st of 2021. On our call last week, we referenced statutory reserves as of the end of the year for US Retail Fixed Annuities of $16 billion, and ULSG of $9 billion for a total of $25 billion. For Retail Fixed Annuities, GAAP reserves are relatively the same as statutory, but we had some expected runoff in the block which reduced the reserves. For ULSG, there is approximately a $2 billion difference between GAAP and statutory reserves. Due to the specifics of the transaction, statutory reserves is the more relevant metric. As we move forward with a refined focus and strengthened capital deployment strategy, we will continue to invest in our growth drivers of Retirement in the US and Select Emerging Markets, Global Asset Management and US Benefits and Protection, all with an aim to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I had a question on RIS-Spread margins of 73% for the year on a normalized basis. That was above your guided range. Can you comment on if that was driven by I guess maybe favorable mortality experienced during the year or if you think it was say just better general trends in the business?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. Really appreciate the question. And no question, spread was strong this  this quarter and full year. Renee, do you have the specifics on that one?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. And Ryan, thank you for that question. When we look at the spread operating earnings throughout 2021, were very pleased with the results, of course and they were strengthened by very  very positive net investment income. We also saw slightly better non-COVID experience play out through the year. We will give you more guidance in terms of what to expect in 2022 in the upcoming Outlook Call. But the one thing that I would like to remind you of is that, we remain very disciplined and how we manage this block of business. Were very careful about the risks that we take on to make sure that our pricing discipline which creates the kinds of returns that we would expect long-term. So, thank you for that question.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then, do you have any updated thoughts on how to think about the sensitivity of short-term rates on the IRT business going forward?
Dan Houston: Renee, please.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. I suspect youre referring to the  the suite deposits there. Is that what youre asking about?
Ryan Krueger: Yes, thats right.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, okay. Yeah, so let me explain what weve done with the suite deposits. As youll recall, when we announced this transaction  the acquisition of the IRT block of business, the suite deposits were tied very closely to the IOER rates. And, of course, IOER rates quickly went to zero, which had an impact of about $70 million to $80 million of revenue. In the last half of 2021, we purposefully reached out to The Trust & Custody blocks of business and began to convert those deposits accounts on to a Principal deposit suite program that essentially move those deposits onto our balance sheet. And so now we are  we generate revenue on those deposits through net interest margin. The impact of this on our annual run rate basis is about $40 million in additional revenue, which helps significantly to shore up the financials for the IRT block of business. So, we will again give you guidance on this in the  in the Outlook Call for 2022. But so far to this point, weve had about $2 billion of suite deposits come onto our balance sheet.
Dan Houston: Ryan, appreciate the questions. Thats a good example of Renee and her team looking at some of the challenges on the IRT block, and ways to leverage current capabilities of Principal, in this case, Principal Bank to receive those deposits and add more value to shareholders. So, we really feel good about the innovation and the creativity of the team to get us to a healthier spot. Thank you.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. All the inflows were at the highest level in really a  very long time. Can you maybe talk about that opportunity to grow that? And is that going to be a bigger focus for you? Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks, John and good to hear you this morning. And Ill have Pat to take that. But again, its an asset class were all too familiar with real estate and  it is adding a lot of value at a time of very low interest rates. Pat?
Pat Halter: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, John and as Dan mentioned, real estate is a big part of that growth in the outs AUM, as you probably know, were one of the top real estate investment managers globally in terms of the size of our real estate footprint and the size of the assets under management we have. And weve seen, like a lot of other alternative managers, really grow their real estate capabilities and their real estate presence. And we have continue to see some very, very strong deposits, some very strong ability to take the dry powder of our clients commitments and deploy that into the marketplace and continues to see some very, very strong new commitments of capital from clients that we either serve today or new clients that were generating a new relationship with. So, youll probably continue to see and hear more of the growth story around real assets  private equity, real estate assets and private debt real estate assets as a part of our growth engine going forward, John.
Dan Houston: John, do you have a follow-up?
John Barnidge: Yes, please. If I could, thank you very much. Can you maybe talk about the COLI opportunity in the backdrop of wage and benefits inflation in the fight for talent? Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You know its exciting because that certainly fits with our strategy of exiting the retail portion of life and doubling down on the business life insurance and we see that as a real growth opportunity. Amy, more details, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. So thanks for the question, John. We do see COLI as a great opportunity. And as you know, weve built up a huge market-leading position in  in terms of being experts in the non-qualified marketplace. So whether that non-qualified funding, and again, thats going to be part of our TRS suite, and its going to help our Retirement business as well as our USIS business. And so that knowledge is built on not only knowing what COLI business or Insurance products, we can put in place to help fund those plants, but also giving them alternatives for mutual funds and other  other pieces of business. So, when we look at that COLI opportunity, where weve really distinguished ourselves is, we are consultants in that marketplace, we tend to know that marketplace best, we tend to also know the insurance placement products the best as well in the industry. So again, with our new narrowed focus on the business market and employer opportunities for life insurance, expect to hear more from us in terms of COLI production.
Dan Houston: Thanks, John.
John Barnidge: Thank you 
Operator: The next question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi. First question I had is on PGI. You know, thats a place where you know theres no doubt youre disciplined on expenses and so forth has produced very strong earnings and margins. And  and so I just wanted to understand how youre thinking about the sustainability of  of those margins as we think through you know some of the wage inflation impacts that are out there, as well as potentially T&E maybe coming back into that business a little bit. Any color you can provide there.
Dan Houston: Yeah, appreciate that  that question, Alex. You know, one thing I will say about the asset management business, its incredibly scalable, and there is higher cost of doing business, but we have a lot of capacity and a lot of ability to add assets to existing capabilities. And PGI frankly has got a great track record as you point out of aligning their expenses with the revenues. And so with that, Pat additional thoughts?
Pat Halter: Yeah. So, Alex, appreciate the question. First let me start with just on the revenue side. We have, I think a broad depth of specialist investment capabilities. So I feel very good about the diversification of our revenue streams and diversification of the solutions we can offer to the clients throughout the world, whether its retail, retirement or institutional. So, I feel good about the revenue sort of side of the equation. Relative to the margins, as  as you heard in our sort of discussions, we continue to see some very strong margins north of 40%. I think you know 2022 will be a year where were going to try to continue to maintain strong margins, well probably at the Outlook Call discuss margins going forward in terms of what we see. But were going to continue to  to absolutely manage our business very aggressively, in terms of both generating growth, with that very depth and broad depth of specialist investment capabilities we offer to the marketplace, but also to continue to have very strong expense management discipline. That being said, Alex, we will continue to invest for growth. Were developing a very strong alternative credit platform in terms of private credit to the marketplace. And were very excited about that platform, what may mean in terms of revenue growth in the future, we are investing in talent, you highlighted wage  wage increases and were not immune to that. But we believe we need to continue to invest and continue to nurture new talent within the organization. And that will be a very keen focus for us. If you may recall in December, we actually were noted again for the 10th straight year as best places to work in money management. Were one of only five asset managers in the globe that have achieved that recognition for 10th straight years. So were very proud of the fact that we can attract and retain talent. And were going to continue to  to aspire for that in the future.  Well continue to invest in new technology to make sure that our client experience continues to be very strong. So we will continue to be investing for growth and for the retention of a very important client experience going forward. So, I feel good about the  the year ahead. And for those reasons, Alex, hopefully has helped you in terms of our story as we think about profitability and sustainability organization.
Alex Scott: That was very helpful. Thank you. And I had a follow-up question on international. I think Mexico has some pension reform that  that goes into effect at the beginning of the year that  that has an impact on the commission rates. And so I just wanted to see if you could help us think through like quarter-over-quarter, what  what that commission rate decline will do to revenue? And you know, I assume you know it may take some time to offset the expenses. And  and what that can mean for the bottom line for  for that business? And you know I think theres puts and takes, it sounds like AUM probably in terms of flows, youll benefit over the long-term. So I appreciate you know theres two aspects of it that maybe you can comment on. But I just wanted to make sure I had my hands around you know the  the immediate sort of decline in revenue that we should expect.
Dan Houston: Yeah, hi Alex. Really appreciate the question. And theres been sort of two bites of the apple, if you will, in Mexico, because they had codified a new set of rules on what the fee structures could be and then what the change look, frankly, the stroke of a pen, they adjusted on even further downward. And so were well under way to aligning expenses with future revenues, we had a path that was charted in terms of, as you pointed out, growing our AUMs at lower basis points. And now were sort of back at the table again, looking at our expenses to ensure that we can align those expenses with the new projected revenues. All of that is to say, we still believe that the Mexican [ORA] [ph] business is one worth investing in and continuing to be part of scale matters, capabilities matter, we do have a differentiated capability. And we  as you know, weve streamlined some of the operations down there with the divestiture of our life and annuity business that we mentioned last week on our call. And when we get to the 2022 Outlook call on March 2nd, well provide you with a little bit more color on PI and some of those challenging spots. But again, we feel that its a business that we can continue to participate in. Appreciate the question.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Operator: The next  the next question is from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. It was nice to see last week that you upsized your capital return target. And Im curious when youre coming up with that, did you take into account potential implication of the S&P proposed capital model? And I guess what Im speaking specifically about is their treatment of structured assets, especially those not rated by S&P, Moodys or Fitch, because it looks quite onerous and Principal just hold  holds more of that asset class.
Dan Houston: Yeah, great question. Thats right down the wheelhouse for Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, a couple of things that I would say there. What we came out with last week would not contemplate any impacts on that. Id say were still working through the model to understand changes and its really too early to speculate on how that would impact us. As we think about our targeted capital as youre aware, we have grounded ourselves on RBC as well as a certain amount at our Holdco. But we do look at the rating agencies and theres capital formula as well. But Id say its still too early to speculate on how that will impact us as we go forward.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. So maybe it will just be helpful to understand the proportion of your CMBS, RMBs assets that are not rated by those big three rating agencies instead by the likes of Kroll or Morningstar?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, Tracy, I think thats a great question. And well follow-up with you after the call on that.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay 
Dan Houston: Did you have a follow-up question, Tracy?
Tracy Benguigui: Yeah  yeah my follow-up question, you mentioned Chile I know were really early. In your reform discussion, do you have any update on how AFPs could be charged if there are  there are no longer any mandatory contributions?
Dan Houston: Yeah. You know, I think the reality is, theres  theres been a lot of discussion around pension reform in Chile. And as you may have already  and also noticed, they did pass a universal guaranteed pension, which is going to really help out sort of on pillar zero making sure that lower income Chileans have a bit of more certainty about their retirement income. There seems to be support for the AFP model. Weve been participating heavily, Roberto Walker, who leads our Latin American operations as well as right  located right there in Santiago, Chile. Theres some you know recent statistics that we found very helpful. There were 28 million distributions that took place as part of that hardship, and that was $50 billion that went back into the hands of Chileans, and theres been a lot of survey work thats been done about AFPs and their viability. But right now, we know that 92% of Chileans favor keeping their pension savings in an individual account. And we know that 73% of Chileans want to choose their own pension provider. So the ongoing dialogue with the regulators and the government is around, how do we peacefully coexist and ensuring that the AFP model continues to be in the private sector supporting the needs of the  of the people of Chile and so again, those conversations are ongoing. It isnt without its challenges, but we feel as if there are options available to Principal and well continue to refine that work. We have a lot of work going on to look at what is the most successful path forward for our customers is also recognizing the impact it has on our  on our shareholders. Hopefully thats helpful.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallager with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallager: Good morning. Just curious I  Ive always on PGI, Ive always thought of  that that business being well positioned in a low rate environment just because of the strength of your commercial real estate fixed income, real estate broadly. And if Im not mistaken, your equities business has also done well from a growth over value standpoint. I dont  I dont even know if thats entirely still true today. But my question is, if were in a rising rate environment and were seeing a broad shift from growth to value on the equity side, is that  do you view that as a headwind for flows and the business model or do you  do you believe youre more balanced, youll  youre still  you still look good from a flow visibility standpoint?
Dan Houston: I think, Tom its been intentionally balanced. And I dont even think that the observation on growth versus value, I think theres been a tendency to be cognitive of the marketplace and have solutions that fill all the gaps. But I think were a bit of an all season manager of assets across the broad range of asset classes. And so with interest rates rising, I  I dont see that necessarily as a bad thing. As a matter of fact, I think  I can see where it would be quite helpful. But let me turn it to Pat where he can provide some additional thoughts on where we think we can win in the future here. Pat?
Pat Halter: Yeah, Tom. I  I think you know from my perspective, Id like to broaden the discussion a little bit, because to  to Dans point, we really want to make sure that we are intense  intentionally very nimble in terms of the capabilities we can offer to the marketplace, as Dan mentioned, in all seasons. We do have, in general, a  a high quality growth volumes in our equity platforms. But we do have capabilities that are  diversified in terms of philosophy, diversified in terms of approach and our original sort of intention to create a boutique model in terms of different investment teams that operate a different and unique philosophy approach and process within the organization, I think has served us well to be quite nimble in terms of different markets. I would also sort of suggest to you though, that there is still a very strong interest in fixed income investment capabilities. And a suite of investment capabilities that we still offer in the marketplace are still very viable. So for instance in the fourth quarter, one of our largest institutional flows was in emerging market debt. One additional sort of very large flow again in the fourth quarter institutional side was high yield. So we continue to see some very strong interests in some of the more sort of higher returning unique investment capabilities in fixed income. And then as I mentioned earlier, there is absolute significant growth going on in the broader private markets. And we are pivoting and positioning ourselves to build upon our strong, very deep credit analytics to offer more private capabilities going forward, more solutions in that space. So, I think were in a good place, both on the equity side, on the fixed income side and in the alternative side, Tom.
Dan Houston: Tom, did that help?
Tom Gallager: That does. Thanks, guys. My  my follow-up is, when I look at Specialty Benefits, and I strip out the COVID impact, youre  youre kind of unique somewhat in the industry, youve had good underlying performance below  I think below your guide actually, if I look at it this quarter, that 60 to 65 benefit ratio guide. Any reason to think that this may be sustainable? And why  any  any sort of guesses you have at this point as to why PFG is seeing favorable experience, excluding COVID, when a lot of your competitors are seeing adverse trends?
Dan Houston: As you might expect, Amy is in a really good position to respond. But I would say this, Tom, you know, there is an advantage of that SMB space, where you look at the small  small employers and they have to go back to work, they  theyre taking care of customers, less flexibility and maybe the large plant market and frankly, good underwriting, but I think all of those sort of go into the mix and having very favorable results. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, thanks for the question. And  and I agree. When you look across the industry, Principals block that weve built in Specialty Benefits really is a positive outlier. And what I would go back to is, you know, sometimes this isnt one factor, but a collection of factors. I think Dans already hit on one of them which is that small market focus. What that means is, were not always doing competing against another company for takeover. But sometimes were establishing some of these benefits for the first time. When youre establishing a benefit for the first time, you often are in a position you can help consult, you can actually help the broker or an advisor, get educated about these products and you can help that business owner get educated. So with that education and with that consulting side of the practice on building new market, you also get a relationship established, and that relationship tends to pay off. We mentioned, existing cases in terms of how much were penetrating in terms of number of products per case, when you look at 2020, we had in our existing cases, 2.66 average number of products, when you look at 2021, thats gone up to 2.75. That is unique in the industry as well. And so, when you look at our ability to have multiple products that we touch, to have disciplined pricing and underwriting, strong claims management and then limited concentration risks, often because of that small to medium size focus, we have the ability to grow, but to do so in a way that has really stable results. So when I look at the industry it probably is, those collection of things that make us a bit different than everybody else.
Dan Houston: Hope, it had helped, Tom.
Tom Gallager: That does, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first just had a question on RIS-Fee flows. And they were negative this quarter and I realized that with the market going up through withdrawals might have ticked up. But if you could just comment on what drove that, and what youre seeing in terms of deferral rates, matching contributions and stuff and whats your outlook is for the business?
Dan Houston: Yeah, thanks for the question, Jimmy. You know, Id be remiss if I just didnt call out specifically how the strong underlying fundamentals are of this business, whether its  Hello? Okay 
Jimmy Bhullar: Not my line.
Dan Houston: Jimmy. Okay, Jimmy, you can still hear me?
Jimmy Bhullar: I can hear you and that wasnt mine, unless someones in my room that I dont know. But 
Dan Houston: Okay. Its okay. Its okay. All right. So I lost my train of thought there just for a second, okay. Underlying fundamentals of that business remain incredibly strong, whether its reoccurring deposits, the sales number doubling from a year ago you know $24 billion plus in total sales. And this net cash flow is worth spending a little bit of time on this morning to understand how these inflated equity markets look and  and have the appearance that  that the business fundamentals are not as good. But the reality is, theyre incredibly strong. And Renee can walk us through the sort of the math of why the net cash flow looks soft in spite of the strong underlying fundamentals. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Dan. When you look at fourth quarter, fourth quarter was impacted by seasonally higher contract withdrawals. And of course, as already mentioned, strong equity markets tend to have an adverse impact on net cash flows, because of the impacts specifically on withdrawals. When we think about net cash flow, I think its helpful to look at a trailing 12-month basis to  to eliminate some of the impact of seasonality. And so  so to Dans point, when you look at transfer deposits for the trailing 12-month period, they were up 87% over 2020. So a very strong results. And it reflects that our value proposition continues to resonate in the marketplace. And that goes across small, mid and large plants. So our  our established footprint is really paying off and its generating those important transfer deposits. From a recurring deposit perspective on a trailing 12-month basis, were seeing recurring deposits up 40% year-over-year. When you isolate and you peel back the onion, you see that the legacy Principal business had an increase in recurring deposits of about 15%. And if you take that 15% and you drill down even further, there are two primary factors that are creating this very positive and strong recurring deposit result. The first is simply the increase in the deferrals themselves. Thats about a third of that  of that 15% and the rest of it is an increase in the number of participants in our block. So then you take a look at the withdrawals, and of course, this is where strong equity markets tend to have a really  a negative impact on net cash flows. So, the way to look at it then to help put that into context is to take your withdrawals and express that as a percent of average account values. When you do that for 2021, you see that withdrawals were 14% of average account values. That compares favorably to what we saw in 2020, which was a 15% withdrawal rate. And as Dan mentioned in his comments to start, we see record  the best in the past 10 years in terms of contract retention. So were very pleased with results, we think the under  underlying fundamentals of this business remain very strong 
Dan Houston: Jimmy, do you have a follow-up?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yeah. Just on the Chilean business with the Presidential election, do you have a better idea on what some of the proposals could be or what some of the changes could be? And how they would potentially impact your business?
Dan Houston: Yeah. So were dissecting every one of those suggested proposals. And the reality is, today, there are a lot of ideas that are floated in the market, one might put more constraints, if it  if it remains a private system, where you could have more constraints on the actual charges that you could make. Theres all the way to the range of where the government would have a competing AFP system. So there are probably a half a dozen different ideas ranging all the way from no change, the AFP stays at it is to a complete government run AFP, and as I said, choices in between. The job of the industry and the job of Principal is to work with the elected officials and the regulators to find a sensible solution. And as I said earlier, the universal pension solution that has already been enacted, the guaranteed pension, I think it has helped where some of the concern was for lower income individuals, it does go a long way in helping provide them with a base. And now the question is, how do we modify AFP to meet the needs of  of everyone? Hopefully that helps, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: That does. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I just had a follow-up to Ryans question on the suite deposits and want to make sure I was following the answer correctly. So I think you said that the change that you made is adding about $40 million to revenue. So offsetting about half of the decline from the lower IOER rate. But Im wondering, do you still have sensitivity to short-term interest rates where you benefit if they go up? Or is that sort of a locked in revenue stream at this point?
Dan Houston: Renee, please.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So the  the earnings that we will capture on these deposits are a function of the net interest margins. And so its going to be less sensitive to short-term interest rates overall. But more importantly, it  it simply gives us, it restores a revenue  revenue stream that we had lost when it was attached to IOER rates.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then  that should start coming through with that higher level kind of immediately in 2022?
Renee Schaaf: That  thats correct, because we have $2 billion of those deposits, a little over $2 billion, on our balance sheet right now. Thatll increase a little bit in 2022. Theres a little bit more to come over. But well provide guidance on what 2022 will look like in the  upcoming Outlook Call.
Erik Bass: Perfect. And then just to clarify, all of thats getting booked in RIS-Fee or does any of that show up as revenue in the Bank?
Renee Schaaf: That is all being reported in RIS-Fee.
Erik Bass: Great, thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Erik.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. As Im looking over the benefits segment, if I compare to pre-pandemic years, our Group life and disability have sold more, the dental visions down relative to pre-pandemic years. Can we talk about whats been successful in selling? What the pipeline is and  whether or not you expect to grow in the various product any good benefits in 22?
Dan Houston: Some of that will, of course, will get added to 2022 Outlook Call. But you want to talk about your pipeline in your  your current opportunities, Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Sure, happy to do that. Thanks, Josh. So, I think you know well get after again, Dan said some of this in the  in the Outlook Call. But when I look at kind of pipeline and I look at reestablishing sort of the pre-pandemic baseline, you had characterized some things around dental vision and life and disability. And heres the way I would  I would think about it. Dental and Vision and life and disability as well as our, what I would consider sort of supplemental and worksite products, all play a role in meeting our employer-customer needs. So, some of the things that we look at is, what benefit design are they trying to fill? Sometimes theyre looking after dental and vision first, because theyre the most utilized benefits, sometimes theyre doing something different in terms of life and disability. What weve seen post-pandemic is the heightened awareness of needing life and disability coverage has kind of brought those to the forefront. So were seeing small employers almost start the conversation there and then fill in with some of the other benefits. The piece I would pull some attention to, is, we are going to continue to see build up in our portfolio of those things that are more worksite or  pure voluntary-based. So accident and critical illness, those pieces get reported through that disability line today. And were going to continue to see them make good progress as they position in our portfolio. So one other things that probably doesnt get as much attention is sort of that voluntary or worksite portfolio, weve been quietly and slowly building up those capabilities. And we see those as a potential future margin expansion opportunity, as well as of high interest to our customer base.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you very much for a thorough answer.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Josh. You know, one thing is for sure thats happening out there right now is, with wage inflation. Theres also the built in benefit that the value of life insurance goes up, the disability goes up. And employers are trying to attract retain talent and benefits have historically and continue to be a way to differentiate out there. Next question, please.
Operator: The final question is from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you. A question on the transaction announced last Monday, I understand there was a closed block in their life insurance business. And as we looked it up, I think there was a reserved efficiency of $400 million. So my question is  is the $400 million part of that $800 million of capital freed up? Did you free up $400 million on the closed block? And if not, what  what might have been released?
Dan Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, a couple of things on there. You know, as we talked about on the call, you know, we arent going to itemize all of the things that go up to the $800 million of proceeds. We have capital release, we had a net ceding commission that was negative, we had to kind of true up our economic reserves, we had one-time negative impacts regarding loss of covariance benefits, as well as financing break fees. And then what youre referring to is, we did do some capital optimization on our remaining life insurance business, part of which was the closed block, but not all of it. And so, you know, that  that  those all  all those pieces came together to get to the  the net proceeds of $800 million of a deployable proceeds, which was in line to slightly better than what we would have contemplated at the time of the Investor Day. But every transaction and financing that we did was contemplated back at the time of Investor Day. So  so all in line with what we had anticipated. Net proceeds were at or better and there were a lot of moving pieces that got to the $800 million of proceeds.
Dan Houston: Andrew, you have a follow-up?
Andrew Kligerman: Yes, please. It sounds, Dan, like youre  youre somewhat more or maybe a little bit optimistic about Chile. And I  I was kind of thinking and maybe a worst case scenario, I just like to size it. Would I be correct in that roughly 4% of operating earnings is attributable to Chile? And  and then I was curious how much capital is allocated to that business?
Dan Houston: Yeah. So in Chile, its actually  in  lets talk specifically around Cuprum, its about 4% of our earnings on just Cuprum and well get back to on the capital allocation. But again, I think were a long way from  from that as it relates to sort of a doomsday approach. We think there is a lot of road to travel. We have, as I said earlier, Andrew, we had some very helpful dialogue with government officials and legislators. And again, with the passage of the universal guaranteed pension product, we think there is a viable path. Again, having said that, were not pollyannish were looking at all possible outcomes. And well continue to manage that effectively, and as things change and become more clear, well be sure to update in investors. Appreciate the question.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session, Mr. Houston. Your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Yeah, thank you. And again, appreciate everyone tuning in this morning. I think what youve seen in the most recent quarter and year is strong results. And it was benefited from being in the fee, the spread and the risk businesses focused in on the business markets. Again, as I said in my earlier prepared comments, we think that the strategic review was very helpful and focusing our attention on high growth markets and opportunities across each of those areas. And again, were very pleased with the capital deployment, from the dividend to the share buyback to the acquisitions, as we, you know, see the value of IRT. So, well look forward to visiting with all of you on March the 2nd, when well have our Outlook Call and we appreciate your  your input and your insights. Thank you, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for a replay beginning at approximately 1 PM Eastern Time until end of day, February 15th, 2022. 4488026 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 US and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 International callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference call. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's third quarter 2021 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks, then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include: Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss the progress we are making towards our strategic and financial targets and the key performance highlights for the third quarter. Deanna will follow with additional details of our third quarter results as well as our current capital and financial position. Last week, Principal celebrated 20 years as a public company. Our evolution from a mutual insurance company to a global financial services provider has been remarkable. Since our IPO in 2001, we've increased our AUM by more than eight times from $120 billion to nearly $1 trillion. And the number of customers we serve has increased nearly four times from $13 million to $49 million today. Over the last two decades, we have weathered through a global financial crisis, volatile financial markets and geopolitical conditions and the complexity of a global pandemic we've deliberately evolved our portfolio, product offering, and go-to-market approach to grow the business and meet the changing needs of our customers. At the same time, we've stepped up and worked to act in a way that benefits society and the planet guided by a robust ESG strategy that's focused on reducing our carbon footprint, strengthening our communities and advancing access to financial security for more people and businesses. At our Investor Day in June, we shared how our long-term strategy puts the customer at the center of what we do and leans into our competitive advantages, which are differentiated and integrated solutions, our leadership position and higher growth markets and our deep and established customer reach. We emphasized how our focus on a higher growth, more capital efficient enterprise through our growth drivers, retirement in the U.S. at select emerging markets, global asset management and U.S. benefits and protection positions us to win, grow and create shareholder value today and long into the future. As shown on Slide 4, we are committed to achieving near-term financial targets. Excluding significant variances, we've delivered a 12% increase in earnings per share on a trailing 12-month basis, the high end of our 9% to 12% target range. And at nearly 14% we're making great progress towards reaching our targeted 15% return on equity. We're executing on our strengthened capital management strategy and on our way to return $3 billion of excess capital to shareholders by the end of 2022. With our prior announcement to exit the U.S. retail fixed annuity business and the retail segment of our U.S. life insurance business, we've see sales as of the end of the third quarter. We're actively engaged in conversations with the counterparties of transactions for the U.S. retail, fixed annuity and universal life secondary guarantee blocks. And are confident, we'll have more to share in the coming months. In our U.S. individual life insurance business, our focus is now solely on business market through business owner executive solutions and non-qualified deferred compensation offerings. In fact, Ibis & Associates recently ranked Principal the top life insurance provider in small case business market, in terms of both premium and case count underscoring the strength of our go-forward strategy. With this intense focus on executing on our strategy and serving our customers, we're already beginning to see benefits in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 5, we reported $458 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the third quarter. Excluding significant variances, earnings increased 7% over the third quarter of 2020, driven by growth in the business and improvement in the macroeconomic conditions, including a robust U.S. labor market across many of our businesses. We closed the third quarter with a total AUM of $981 billion, including $688 billion of AUM managed by Principal. Total AUM increased 34% compared to third quarter of 2020, reflecting $17 billion of net cash flow over the trailing 12 months, strong investment performance and the migration of institutional retirement and trust retirement assets. Total company net cash flow was a positive $4.6 billion in the third quarter, more than double the prior year quarter with positive net cash flow across all of our business units. Third quarter results are a testament to our focus on delivering outcomes for our customers through our integrated solution and differentiated capabilities. In global asset management, third quarter PGI managed net cash flow was a positive $2.2 billion with positive debt cash flow across institutional, mutual fund platforms and general account. PGI generated record managed AUM of $535 billion and record sourced AUM of $265 billion in the quarter. As shown on Slide 6, we continue deliver strong long-term investment performance as 69% of the Principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median for the three-year period, 72% for the five-year and 86% for the 10-year. For our Morningstar rated funds, 73% of fund level AUM had a four or five star rating. Longer-term performance continues to position us well to attract and retain assets. Our flagship real estate products and yield oriented products, including preferred securities, high yield and private assets continues to be in demand. We are expanding our direct lending capabilities and looking for opportunities to deliver ESG capabilities across the variety of product categories and investment vehicles to meet evolving client demands. In U.S. retirement and principal supersaver study shows that despite market volatility during the pandemic over half of these retirement participants said they have saved more in their retirement plans over the last 18 months and only 3% said they save less. These trends are contributing to the 67% growth in recurring deposits and RIS-Fee compared to third quarter of 2020. This reflects a 20% increase in recurring deposits on our legacy block, deposits from the migrated IRT retirement participants, as well as the strong increase employer matches combined with strong transfer deposits and record contract retention, RIS-Fee reported positive debt cash flow of approximately $1 billion in the third quarter. Additionally, we had $2.2 billion of RIS-spread sales in the third quarter, including $1.4 billion of MTN and GIC issuances and nearly $500 million of pension risk transfer sales. These strong sales generated more than $800 million of positive net cash flow. Outside of the U.S., Principal International reported $400 million of net cash flow and $156 billion of AUM in the third quarter, a 5% increase in AUM on a constant currency basis compared to a year ago. Despite negative cash flow in Brazil during the quarter, we continue to see growth in our multimercado funds now which account for almost 30% of AUM in Brazil pref. With BRL53 billion net cash flow year-to-date, weve captured 69% of the market through these value added solutions for our customers that are higher revenue diversified funds. China AUM which is not included in the reported AUM was $158 billion in the third quarter. Benefiting from positive debt cash flow across all asset classes, we continue to see growth in equity, net cash flow and AUM as retail investors look for higher value add products. In U.S. benefits and protection, were seeing increased demand for benefits, robust hiring and favorable wage trends notably group benefits trailing 12-month in group growth was a record 2.7% for the total block and nearly 5% in businesses with under 200 employees. Turning to Slide 7, we continue to make progress on our ESG efforts. We issued our first sustainability bond during the quarter. The bond $600 million proceed will be used to support green and social initiatives that reinforce our ESG commitments. We also launched a municipal bond impact strategy during the quarter. Our first in the U.S., which is primarily offered to high net worth clients as a separately managed account. Were focused on developed new ESG products and strategies while enhancing existing products to meet the growing client demand for these products around the world. Were very optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead. As momentum continues to build in many of our businesses, we are evolving our portfolio to bring greater focus to our growth drivers and create greater value for our shareholders. Ill now turn it over to Deanna who will go further into how this translates into our results. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, Ill share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, as well as an update on our current financial and capital position. Net income attributable to Principal was $360 million in the third quarter, including $99 million of net realized capital losses with $6 million of credit losses. We reported $458 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the third quarter or $1.69 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings of $444 million or $1.64 per diluted share, increase 7% and 9% respectively compared to the third quarter of 2020. Since the end of 2020, weve increased ROE 300 basis points to nearly 14% through growth and earnings and higher levels of capital deployments. Were on track to reach our targeted 15% ROE by year end 2023 as we deploy capital in a more purposeful manner to higher return businesses, return excess capital to shareholders and grow earnings. The reported non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 19.4% for the third quarter, slightly above our guided range of 16% to 19%, primarily due to higher taxes resulting from our international businesses. We expect the full year tax rate to be within the guided range. As shown on Slide 8, we had a number of significant variances during the third quarter. A benefit from very favorable variable investment income was partially offset by a net unfavorable impact from the actuarial assumption review, COVID-related claims, IRT integration cost and lower than expected encaje performance in Latin America. These had a net positive impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $18 million pre-tax $14 million after-tax and $0.05 per diluted share. Variable investment income was $91 million pre-tax higher than expected in the third quarter, primarily driven by very favorable alternative investment returns and prepayment fees. The net negative $33 million pre-tax impact from the annual assumption review was primarily driven by updates to experience and economic assumptions. Unfavorable impacts as a result of updating variable annuity lapse rate assumptions were partially offset by a favorable impact in individual life, primarily due to interest rates. While we didnt change our long-term interest rate assumptions, the starting point is approximately 40 basis points higher than where we expected rates to be a year ago. In the third quarter, COVID impact RIS-Spread in U.S. insurance solutions with approximately 90,000 U.S. COVID-related deaths in the quarter, the net $20 million after tax impact was higher than our rule of thumb, primarily due to elevated group life claims and specialty benefits. While our COVID impacts have been volatile quarter-to-quarter, the cumulative impact since the start of the pandemic is tracking right in line with our overall rule of thumb. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the third quarter, the S&P 500 Index was flat and the daily average increased 6% compared to the second quarter. The daily average also increased 34% from the year ago quarter benefiting revenue, AUM and account values in RIS-Fee and PGI. Foreign exchange rates were a slight headwind compared to the second quarter, but a tailwind on a trailing 12-month basis. Impacts to reported pre-tax operating earnings included a negative $2 million compared to second quarter 2021, a positive $4 million compared to third quarter 2020, and a positive $6 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Turning to the business units, my following comments exclude of the impacts of significant variances. As a reminder, we took action in 2020 to reduce expenses due to uncertainties from the pandemic. Some of the expenses were naturally lower, like travel, sales-related expenses and bonus accruals. And we intentionally reduced other expenses, including hiring salary cost, third-party spend as well as marketing and advertising. As revenues have increased over the past year, some of these expenses have increased as well impacting comparability of results year-over-year. RIS-Fee pre-tax operating earnings were flat with the year ago quarter, growth and net revenue was offset by higher expenses, including variable compensation and DAC amortization. While weve been reporting the IRT revenue in our results since the transaction closed, the associated account value didnt fully migrate until last quarter. And thus is now fully reflected in average account value. As a result, our average annualized fee rate declined approximately 25 basis points from a year ago. And we expect annual fee compression to be between two basis points to three basis points in 2022. Our revenue mix also is now less equity market sensitive as the IRT block included more transaction based and participant based fees. As a reminder, the IRT trust and custody business will migrate in the first quarter of 2022 later than what was assumed in our 2021 outlook. As a result, we will continue to have some TSA and integration costs as well as delayed synergies pressuring full year 2021 earnings and margin. We now expect that the full year margin to be at the lower end of our 23% to 27% guided range. Expense synergies have already started emerging, and we are confident that well achieve our targeted $90 million in 2023. PGI benefited from strong management fees, performance fees, and continued disciplined expense management in the third quarter, boosting growth in revenue and earnings and producing a 45% margin. Pre-tax operating earnings and margin benefited from a net $9 million from performance fees in the quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate another quarter of favorable impacts from variable investment income and PGI performance fees. I also want to remind you that our enterprise fourth quarter compensation and other expenses are typically higher than other quarters due to seasonality of certain expenses like marketing and IT. We expect the impact of seasonality will be lower this fourth quarter than our typical 7% to 10%. Turning to capital and liquidity on Slide 9, we are focused on returning excess capital to shareholders and plan to grade down to our targeted capital levels by year end 2022. At the end of the third quarter, we had $2.5 billion of excess and available capital, including $1.8 billion at the holding company, $1 billion higher than our target of $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations, $190 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio estimated to be 412% and nearly $500 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. We will continue to maintain a 20% to 25% leverage ratio and expect to pay down $300 million of long-term debt when it matures in late 2022. As shown on Slide 10, we deployed $371 million of capital during the third quarter, including $203 million of share repurchases and $168 million to common stock dividends. Since the beginning of the year, we returned over $1 billion of capital to shareholders. We remain committed to returning $3 billion by the end of 2022, including $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion of share repurchases and $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion in common stock dividends. This excludes any impacts of potential transactions. Last night, we announced a $0.64 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, a $0.01 or 2% increase from the dividend paid in the third quarter. Our dividend yield is approximately 4% and were on track to achieve our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio for the full year. Through our refined focus and strengthened capital deployment strategy, we will invest in areas where Principal has established competitive advantages and the ability to meet targeted returns. We have a clear path to becoming a high growth, more capital efficient company, creating long-term value for shareholders. We are excited about the path forward, focusing on our growth areas with established differentiators, allowing for improved focus, returns, and risk profile. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Humphrey Lee of Dowling and Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is about your capital deployment. You reiterated the plan to return $3 billion to shareholders in 2021 and 2022. But given the excess capital in RBC, you intend to draw down and the expected free cash flow generation between now and the end of next year. There seems to be substantial flexibility at your disposal. Like how should we think about the capital deployment as you right size the excess capital?
Dan Houston: Yes. Good morning, Humphrey. And appreciate your question. I think the best way to look at it is we went through a very rigorous process with the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors when we were leading up to the strategic review. And what you see today is this $3 billion of targeted capital deployment through dividend and share buyback. We also want to be mindful of potential ways to grow the business organically as well through acquisition, which is why you see that debt equity ratio where its at today. But the bottom-line is we have a lot of financial flexibility as we move and push our way through 2022 and into 2023. And my guess is here when were updating you in January on our outlook for next year, well be refreshing that. But with that, let me throw it to Deanna if she wants to add additional comments.
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple things there. I think you got to the right bottom-line is that we have a lot of flexibility. In addition to buybacks, we remain committed to a 40% payout on our dividend ratio and has continued to prioritize that as we think about capital deployment. And we have announced that we will use $300 million of that excess capital to pay down our debt that matures in third quarter of 2022. And so again, as we move through the next few quarters and into outlook, well continue to refine those numbers. But again, we are very much committed and on the path of getting down to our targeted levels of capital at both the Lifeco and the Holdco [ph] by the end of 2022.
Dan Houston: Do you have follow-up Humphrey?
Humphrey Lee: Yes. My second question is about the pension business in Chile. There have been many headlines on the proposed for withdrawal and the potential overhaul of the system proposed by one of the presidential candidates. Can you just talk about the kind of overall dynamic and in the worst case scenario, what would be the impacts on Principal?
Dan Houston: Yes. So its a great question. And if youll allow me, Im going to probably be a little elongated in terms of trying to provide a comprehensive response, because I think its a really important question. Its one that weve touched on here before. Just as a reminder in Chile, this is a 40-year-old pension scheme that has actually worked quite well. There  its a compulsory model. The Chileans led the world around building this out after the PAYGO system was shut down. Its biggest gap was not recognizing and having too low of a cap on wages. The actual percentage of payroll in the compulsory plan was working well up to roughly $40,000 or so in annual income. So the AFP model, which was a public private sector scheme it works. It has potential  it was complemented with a voluntary scheme that was added in addition to that to help people achieve that goal. As I said, it was voluntary, not compulsory. And so theres relatively low participation. Well, then comes along a pandemic and the government in addition to other ways of trying to provide solutions for COVID relief allow for AFP withdrawals abruptly 10%. And as you know, those were treated on a very favorable tax basis. There have been now three approved AFP withdrawals, and one annuity withdrawal, and theyre now contemplating a fourth AFP withdrawal and a second annuity withdrawal. Its although its being heavily debated, literally as we speak theyre contemplating alternatives to these two structures and we dont know what the outcome is going to be. But we also know that were looking down the road here in a presidential election, which will certainly have some impact on the timing and the magnitude of this change. So now the question might be directly Humphrey to your question. The answer is we have been working extremely collaboratively with the government officials to try to educate key decision makers on ways to improve and stabilize the existing AFP model. You did or you may have read that Principal did invoke our rights as an investor requesting consultation with the Chilean government. And again, we look forward to those continued conversations. We have a good working relationship. We obviously, along with the rest of the industry, want an amicable solution in protecting the retirement interest though of all the Chileans that is a huge priority for us. There is a proposed pension modification that would enhance the basic pension or the solidarity model. We support that. Were squarely behind it. If you think about pairing that along with an enhanced employer based system and removing that cap, you can see how that could be quite additive to financial security. And then lastly, there is a working session with the congressional folks thatll be occurring in the first quarter of 2022 and will be working hard to try to promote the idea of a sustainable multi-pillar retirement system. So Chile by very definition is an emerging market. Theyve had a good track record of good pension policy. Principal has a good working relationship with the key decision makers. Roberto Walker and his team have just done a magnificent job down there. So we remain quite hopeful that there is a solution that allows us to still benefit from being a market participant. We have not tried to quantify at this point in time what the financial ramifications are. To-date, youll notice they have not been necessarily significant. And that has a large part with the way in which fees are collected. So probably more than you wanted to know, but I know that this has been top of mind for a lot of our institutional investors as we've been visiting with them. So hopefully that helps Humphrey.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. If I could just ask one quick follow-up on Chile. How big is, I know that you don't  your earnings are not affected by excess AFP withdrawals, but how big is the annuity business in Chile for you at this point?
Dan Houston: Deanna, if you want to quantify for that, quantify that and then also its  yes, I know we'll find it here in the supplement for besides the annuity. The other point worth mentioning on the pension scheme, we do have a higher average balance for annuitants. And as you know, we have actually gained the number of participants in the AFP and large part because of the system that we put in place that allowed us to have payouts that occurred literally in a more expedited manner in a digital way, which again has allowed us and endeared us. That gives us more opportunity to span on those relationships with those participants. Deanna, do you have a number there on the annuity piece?
Deanna Strable: Yes, a couple of comments here. I don't have the exact answer. We can get back to you, Ryan. But if you look on Page 20 of the supplement, you'll see that our total AUM in Chile is around $41 billion, and the Chile Cuprum AFP fund balance is at $34 billion. The remainder of that would be our voluntary mutual fund as well as our annuity. So it would be  some portion of that difference there. The other thing to expand upon Dan's comments on the fact that our customer base has been less impacted, obviously having the Chilean people have money in their AFP is critical for the long-term viability of a strong pension system. Our customer base has been less impacted partially due to the composition and partially due to some of the digital outreach that we've done for our customers. So just to put that into perspective, as of the end of second quarter, industry wide 20% of AFP participants had a zero balance in their fund and for Cuprum it was only 4% and the next closest competitor was at 13%. And so again, we are focused on obviously the long-term financial security of the customer, and I think that's a testament and a proofpoint relative to that.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, Deanna.
Dan Houston: Ryan, do you have a follow-up?
Ryan Krueger: Yes. On RIS-Fee, I guess, can you give us any sense of how much cost saves have been achieved to date relative to the $90 million target, and then once the trust and custody migration occurs, would you expect the remaining cost saves to be achieved fairly quickly?
Dan Houston: Yes, I'll throw that Renee pretty quick edges. I'd be remiss if I didn't go on the record to say that. Whenever you're going to acquire 10 years of organic growth, you're going to have some challenges. And it was a big milestone this past quarter to who have successfully migrated over this block of business. So hats off to Renee and her team for doing that. And we frankly feel very good about the revenue and expense synergies, but I'll have Renee add the appropriate detail. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Okay. Ryan, thank you for that question. We are on track to achieve the $90 million net expense synergies by the end of 2023. And so far we have recognized about 25% of that. But you have to understand that is on an annual run rate basis. So in any one quarter, you'll see about we've achieved about $5 million of the savings so far. In terms of the pattern for how we think this might emerge. Certainly once the trust in custody business has been fully integrated, it is on board. That'll allow us to begin to sunset the duplicate record keeping system on the Wells Fargo side. It allows us to reduce some of the duplicate headcount. But then longer term, the synergy gains will continue to emerge as we automate processes, and we continue to streamline the customer experience. So you can expect to see that the expense synergies will emerge relatively smoothly from now to the end of 2023.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Renee. Hopefully that helps Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you. Its very helpful.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Sorry to go to South America again. But I'm wondering if we can talk a little about Brazilian inflation. John helped me out a little bit earlier, but I still need some help on the two indicators of inflation whether they're converging or not, whether they're, I think that they're not diverging further. Can you go into some details and how it impacts your outlook?
Dan Houston: Absolutely. There's two things in addition to the inflation that have been helpful here, and that is in the current quarter, they stayed on top of one another. We didn't see divergent, which was quite helpful. The other thing that occurred is we actually saw the interest rates move up roughly 2% from the year ago quarters from roughly four and a quarter to six and a quarter. So these are modest improvements going back to a higher interest rates and of course, inflation coming in line without that separation. Deanna, any additional detail on the two indices for inflation.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll just make a few comments and if we need to go offline after the call, we can go further Josh. But yes, in the fourth  in the third quarter, as we had anticipated, they did converge and come back on top of each other. So again, much more of what we had seen kind of pre the current cycle when we did see some those two indices separate. So our outlook would continue to expect that convergence, but you could have some periods where there is a little bit of a difference. But we do expect that to be more modest than what we've experienced over the last 12 months. So again, we can follow up in more detail, but that would tell you what we saw here in the third quarter and what we anticipate going forward.
Dan Houston: And ironically enough, in spite of the interest rate movement, which is favorable in inflation. We're still the market share leader when it comes to deposits for PGBL as well as VGBL for the industry roughly 30% of the flow. So strong operating results here masked by some macro events. Did you have a follow up Josh?
Josh Shanker: Yes. So if I just extend that chart you included in the 2Q 2021 presentation out one quarter has the gap narrowed or is it has that just held  the gaps held persistent, but not gotten worse?
Deanna Strable: No, again, we will extend that out, but they were right on top of each other for the third quarter.
Josh Shanker: Okay.
Dan Houston: Didn't get worse or better.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then on, look, your long-term, you're the rating of your current performance is excellent. But it did deteriorate a little bit in 3Q. I'm just wondering if we can talk about which strategies and whether or not it's a bias on how Principal invests or whether or not it will revert and what you think about the third quarter performance?
Dan Houston: Yes, my guess is it's a bias on everything that we do in terms of how we invest in short term and long-term performance. Pat?
Pat Halter: Yes. Josh, thanks for that question. Just in terms of the performance on the one year, I think is really your specific question. We have a few strategies predominantly in our international suite that have dipped a little bit below the second quarter to the third quarter. One is our diversified international continues to beat its benchmark. But from a performance perspective relative to peers, a little bit behind in that performance. Long-term, very, very strong performance. Don't see any concerns with the process or with the approach that the teams taking with their respect to that. The other two international sort of investment capabilities that are a little bit sort of in the third quarter category. Now our third quartile category, our international small cap and origin. Again, a little bit of a preference in terms of what investors are looking for. With international small cap, we have a very strong quality bias, strong fundamental bias. And really, I think there's been a little more of a risk on in a way from strong fundamentals and quality bias right now in that category. And then relative to origin, again, just hard to keep up again, quality bias rated sort of lower quality name seemed to be winning the day there. So our process, our approach, our philosophy continues stay intact. Long-term numbers are very good for those two investment capabilities also. And then just to round out U.S. equities. Our U.S. equities continues to do very well third quarter in terms of the first and second quartile, 67% of those funds were still in the first or second quartile. So still feel pretty good about our equity suite. Feel good about our international suite Josh. And frankly, as you highlighted long-term performance is driving really our flows and that's what investors are really looking at when they're making decisions to retain their activity with us, or to grow their activity with us. And the four and five star Morningstar ratings that we're receiving. And really the areas that we're continuing to produce significant net cash flow growth, whether it's our, go-tos like a line or small cap U.S. or capabilities in our income suites like preferred, munis, emerging market debt, high yield rates, all continue being at four and five star Morningstar category and I will continue to see positive net cash flow in the third quarter. So feel good about the depth, breadth of our investment capabilities relative to what we're seeing in terms of the investor interests. And we're actually, I think, very aligned with investor interest. They are still looking for yield. They're still looking for non-correlated asset, experience and exposure. I think our suite of investment capabilities offer a solution set for that. I also think they're looking for inflation protection. So real estate today is offering a nice sort of a fit to that capability and desire. And they're looking for global exposure. And I think we have, I think some long-term investment capabilities that are well suited for that need. So feel good about our capabilities, our suite, the one year numbers aren't really concerning me at this point in time. And I think we're starting to see, I think strong, I think interest in the continuation of our builds also, and new things like listed infrastructure. So all good on that front.
Dan Houston: Thanks for asking the question.
Josh Shanker: Clean answer. I appreciate it.
Pat Halter: Yes. Very good.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. A few follow-up questions on some of the earlier questions. With regard to capital management, my understanding from the June Investor Day is that free cash flow from the subsidiaries to the parent would be about $1.8 billion to $2 billion over the 2021 through 2022 timeframe. That figure represents roughly 50% to 55% of earnings. But the company Principal targets 70% to 80% capital return to the parent company. So as I think about that figure in particular, and I know Dan and Deanna talked, you both talked a little bit about flexibility earlier. I just want to zero in on that number because it's probably north of a $0.5 billion shy of that 70% to 80% range. And hence, is it possible then given that flexibility that there's room for at least another $0.5 billion on the buyback?
Dan Houston: Amy, do you want to go ahead and take that?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Thanks Andrew for the question. So, obviously there's a lot of components that go into free cash flow and they can be volatile by any one period. But over the long term, we do feel post transaction. We can be in that 70% to 80% range, and we're continuing to work across our businesses to make sure that we stay and remain in that range. So again, relative to the particular timeframe, we're not saying every timeframe will be in that range. There could be some volatility around that, but I think as you've done the math, there could be some upside to that number as we think through the next couple of years.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. And then just following up on the Chilean [ph] questions. Could you  I think it's  I think AFP is around 4% of earnings. Could you clarify if I'm right on that? And then with respect to the capital in that business, if you ever did decide to exit, how much capital is sitting there and could that be extracted if you made that decision and not that you would?
Dan Houston: Well, yes. I mean, there's a lot of speculation in there. I think the earnings are approximately 4%  6% in that range and we'll get back to you on the capital that's currently deployed and sorted out the difference between Cuprum and the balance of that business. As you know, we also have an annuity business there in Chile, but that's a good item for follow up Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And the 6% is all in meaning it includes annuity and mutual fund as well.
Dan Houston: It is everything. Yes.
Andrew Kligerman: The pension?
Dan Houston: Its our entire delay and yes, it is.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question is from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tracy Benguigui: Yes, I'm curious if you have any updated views on COVID fatalities. We saw another life insurer forecasting COVID death of 75,000 to 125,000 in 4Q and 150,000 next year with the bulk of the first half of the year. Just trying to think about what your updated forecast, maybe just given the elevated activity in the third quarter?
Dan Houston: Yes. And that's certainly the Delta variance, given us all something to think about as we look at our modeling and our original projection, Deanna, further thoughts.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I mean, obviously, we can only go by what other governments and other agencies are forecasting. And so we would be pretty close to what you see there. Our current forecast would have 90,000 in the fourth quarter and around 150,000 in 2022. But obviously that's going to be very impacted by the different variances as well as vaccination rates. And so I think, I wouldn't lock those in and we'll continue to update those as we go into outlook. We did see a heightened number of deaths in the third quarter in our block, more heavily weighted toward the younger ages. We still think our rule of thumb is appropriate. But we could skew a little bit higher over the next few quarters if it continues to be more heavily dominated in the younger ages, just because of our composition of business. But since the start of the pandemic, our rule of thumb is right on. There's volatility by quarter. We'll still continue to see that. But that outlines what our current thought process is on fourth quarter and 2022.
Dan Houston: Follow up Tracy?
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. Thank you. And yes, and turning to block deal plans, it's good to hear that you'll be able to brief us in the coming months. But I'm wondering if you could discuss the process where are you spending most of your time in these conversations that get into the bid ask spread?
Dan Houston: I'm sorry Tracy. You broke up when you  at the beginning part of your question. Could you ask that again?
Tracy Benguigui: Sure. I mean, you kind of alluded that in the next coming months. You're going to be able to brief us on your block deal plans with your retail FA on ULSG blocks. And I'm just wondering in the meantime, in those  in that process, if you could just shed some light where you're spending most of your time in these conversations that ultimately get into the bid ask spread?
Dan Houston: Yes. Happy to try to respond to that and the best way that I can. And first recognize that as you point out, we made the decision to divest the retail annuity business, as well as ULSG. There's better owners for those businesses. The first thing I'd say is there's been very strong interest in the assets, absolutely strong interest. And so I think our window was actually quite good for the first round of bids. The starting of the second round of bids has now begun. And undoubtedly, there's more refinements that'll take place. And as you ask the question, our conversations are  conversations through ourselves and the advisors very healthy. These are pretty straightforward blocks of business. So I don't think there's a lot of confusion. We're very confident in our ability to execute on the transactions. And as we've said, we'll look for opportunities to be increasingly capital efficient in creating long-term shareholder value as we contemplate the proceeds. But it's right on track with where we thought it would be. There's strong interest in the assets. We're expediting it. We're certainly moving it through the process at an appropriate pace, while at the same time, creating long-term shareholder value. And so as anything changes, and I'm sure if the next update with investors, we'll be able to give you more clarity on the outcome of that. Hopefully that helps Tracy?
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. On an adjusted basis, RIS-Fee earnings were roughly flat 3Q 2021 versus 3Q 2020, which I guess I found somewhat surprising given the tailwind from positive markets, positive flows, and then some of the emerging synergies was just hoping you could give a little bit more color on the drivers there and then talk about kind the expected earnings power of the business heading into 2022?
Dan Houston: Yes, Erik. Good morning. It's a great question. And the backdrop of all this, which I find really interesting is we've got record retention, lowest lapses that we can think of. There's higher deferral, there's higher retention. There's employer matches returning. We've expanded into the larger case market. And I  in spite of all of those strong fundamentals of the business, including TRS still really being the mainstay of our value proposition to customers. It doesn't necessarily it reflected in operating earnings growth and the revenue growth. And so really Renee is in the best position to provide you some additional insights on that. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for that question, Erik. And you're absolutely right. The  when you look at third quarter 2021 earnings compared to one quarter year ago, the earnings were flat. And let me walk through the components of that and then share some additional insight with you about how to view this business going forward. First off, as you noted, we did see nice tailwinds from the equity markets over the past year. But those tailwinds were offset first by and notably by the IRT shock lapse, which was right in line with where we had expected. So shock lapses on a revenue basis came in right where we had anticipated with our acquisition model. We also saw very normal fee compression during the same time period. And as Deanna noted in her comments, we did see increase in comp and other expenses as we returned to a more normal work environment. The other comment that I'll make is that we did have a one time revenue true up in third quarter 2021. And so when you compare revenues from second quarter 2021 to third quarter 2021, there it created about a $7 million reduction. And again, this is a one time revenue adjustment. So now let me turn my comments towards how we think about the fee business. So one of the comments that Deanna made was that if you look at our revenue as a basis point applied against account values, you see about a 25 basis point drop one year from  a quarter one year ago. So in third quarter 2020, if you look at that fee expressed as account values, it was about 63 basis points. Third quarter of this year that fell to about 38 basis points to 39 basis points. The primary driver behind that decrease is that we are combining an IRT block of business that is characterized by large plan sizes with our legacy block of business that is more characterized in that small to medium size. And so large plans typically have a lower price point when you look at it on a basis point method. So logically when you blend those two together, the fee rate declines, and this was completely in line with our expectations when we acquired the business. And as we see the business began to unfold. We also saw normal fee compression in that time period again in line with our expectations. So moving forward, we think that that 38 basis point, 39 basis point revenue, the revenue run rate is a good place to start with your modeling. Then as Deanna also noted, we would expect to see about a two to three basis point headwind applied against that for normal fee compression. So if that's how the  to think about the revenue, let's turn our attention to the margin. So as noted, we are deferring the trust in custody integration, and we're doing that in keeping with our core value of keeping the customer at the center of everything that we do. And by deferring the integrations, we're able to provide a much more smooth experience for our customers is they migrate onto our platform. So what this means then is that the TSA and the integration expenses will continue through first quarter 2022. When we look at full year 2020 margins, we do believe that we will be in that 23% to 27% range that we communicated to you at the 2021 guidance, but at the low end of the range for the entire year. I think in closing the thing that it's so important to see, I think from our perspective is that the IRT acquisition did exactly what we wanted it to do. It increased our scale, it increased our capabilities particularly in the large plan market. And it created momentum for us across all plan sizes, as we strengthened our position as a top tier retirement provider. And I think the underlying strong fundamentals of this business reinforced that strong sales, strong client retention, strong recurring deposits. I'll speak to the strength of the underlying modeling. We are very, very pleased with what we see in terms of the strength of the business itself. So I'm hoping that helps Erik.
Erik Bass: Yes. Thank you very much. It's helpful and appreciate all the detail. And then for my follow up, just starting to go back to Chile one more time, but I guess just with the election looming at the end of November, just wondering how much power does a new President have to make changes in the AFP system? And if there were changes put in, how does that mechanically happen?
Dan Houston: It still requires congressional approval. So there isn't, I don't believe, and I  maybe the nomenclature is wrong here, an executive order that would give them the power to just simply modify it. So it does require, it goes through the Senate and the House for the approval process. So I think there's a lot of debate now, all of in every country, people have their proclivities with regards to how things like this are vocalized by a President in terms of their advocacy. But I think there is a realization at least that's what we're hearing locally, that this system isn't completely broken and that it's been undermined by these withdrawals. And that at this point in time, they need to be mindful of what steps can be taken to reinforce and enhance and improve on the existing AFP system. And I think that the voters out there are realizing that as well. So hopefully that helps. One additional comment, Erik to your, the back and forth with Renee that I wanted to weigh in on. So the  so what on that to me would be, it's why we have increased scale to drive down our cost per participant, which we've done that. We're leveraging our technology. We're pulling all those other levers around asset retention and proprietary asset management and those roll ins and rollovers. And as you very well know, a lot of those economics are not necessarily captured within that RIS Fee line they're captured within PGI and other parts of RIS. So just, again, and we probably need to continue to work on refining how we demonstrate the value of that platform., But there's no question in my mind, the long-term value creation of the RIS Fee platform is really significant. Hopefully those answers help.
Erik Bass: Yes. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Dan Houston: All right.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallager with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallager: Hi. Just a follow up Renee to the point you made on the $7 million revenue adjustment in RIS Fee. Should we be adding that back to normalize the run rate? I think Deanna, you showed a normalized run rates for that segment of $123 million. When we think about the go forward, should we add back $7 million for that one time revenue adjustment, or is that already factored in to the $123 million?
Renee Schaaf: Tom that's already been factored in. In terms of may go a little bit deeper. So the actual revenue true up was $3.5 million, which created a $7 million swing from second quarter to third quarter. So when we think about that run rate revenue that $3.5 million adjustment is already reflected in, would be reflected in what we see going forward. Does that make sense?
Deanna Strable: But we did not adjust the significant variances for that. So the x significant variance earnings would be pressured by that $3.5 million.
Dan Houston: That makes sense, Tom.
Tom Gallager: Okay. So, is, I guess is the punchline the $123 million is a good baseline to assume going forward to build of off?
Renee Schaaf: Tom, I think I would go back to using the revenue run rate that we described the basis points that we described and then thinking about the margins for full year 2021 being at the low end of the range and using that as a guide for determining how 2021 will unfold. And then longer term, we communicated guidance in the Investor Day that looked at where we anticipate earnings and revenue growth at the end of 2023. Those guidances remain intact. And then what will do in 2022 is give you further guidance on how to view 2022.
Tom Gallager: Okay. That's fair enough. And just my follow up is, Dan just can you give any more color? I think the last comments you made on what you were thinking about for risk transfer is you were going to package, fixed annuities and life insurance together. Is that still the case or has that evolved at all where you might consider separating them. And are you on the life insurance side is it still ULSG only, or are you open to doing something broader?
Dan Houston: What we've said and what we've  what is currently out there being contemplated by potential buyers is our retail fixed annuity and our ULSG block. Again, the balance of the light business, as we think about its importance strategically to the company, still very much remains intact, which is something we talked about at the strategic review. There's other potential things we could do within the closed block of the life insurance business, which would be separate apart from the current transactions in which we're obtaining bids on for today. As it relates to structure, we said our ideal outcome would be if they were combined. However, having said that, we know that the second round bidders there are combinations of standalone and combined. And again, the objective here is to maximize shareholder value for obviously our investors. But let me throw it over to Deanna and see if she wants to add to that.
Deanna Strable: Yes, just a clarification. We're marketing them together. The actual structure that we transact will depend on what we think is the best for our customers and our shareholders. And so we're entertaining different combinations of those. But we're marketing them at the same time, because we do know that some of these interested parties may think of them differently if they contemplate them together versus separately. So we're laser focused on executing on those blocks that we have told you about. But obviously we'll consequently evaluate if there's other options that would make us provide shareholder value and positively impact our capital and returns.
Dan Houston: That help, Tom?
Tom Gallager: That does. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the question.
Operator: The final question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. Can you talk about the strong growth in group sales? It's now above pre-pandemic 3Q 2019, distribution demand driven or kind of where is that coming from? Thanks.
Dan Houston: Yes. Hats off to Amy and her team. Amy, you want to take that one?
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question. I glad you noticed the strong growth, because it's really pretty remarkable. We're seeing good traction all across the nation in terms of there's just general attractiveness in terms of group benefits products. I think the pandemic has helped the entire industry, see how these products really help provide a support mechanism. And so the demand is high across the industry. I would say it's particularly high in the areas where Principal does really well, which is working with smaller or midsize or growing employers and putting together packages across the ancillary lines of business that can make really good sense for them, whether they're voluntary or employer paid packages. The other piece I would say is that really strong sales growth is also being complemented in terms of the total revenue growth by strong persistency. Our lapse numbers look good, and our in group growth, the places where we're saying, we particularly do business with the types of customers who are either increasing wages or adding jobs. We're seeing that as particularly notable, all of those things mean it's a really good sign for revenue growth as we head into fourth quarter in 2022.
Dan Houston: John, do you have a follow up?
John Barnidge: No, we're at the hour. Thanks for the answer.
Dan Houston: Yes, really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, any closing comments?
Dan Houston: Yes. The first thing I just say, as we talked about some of these challenges, the demand for the products and services we have remaining high demand, both in the U.S. as well as Asia and Latin American. As I said earlier, those emerging markets can be challenging. We know that, we're going to continue to be disciplined on our capital deployment. And we're going to continue to emphasize and grow these capital like businesses. That's a priority for the organization. When we can deploy capital more capital intensive in some of these more capital intensive businesses, we want to make sure we're getting adequately paid and compensated for that. So we certainly appreciate your continued support. Look forward to visiting with many of you on the [indiscernible] So with that, have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern time until end of day, November 2, 2021. 7184017 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's second quarter 2021 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com\investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events, or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss takeaways from our 2021 Investor Day, key performance highlights for the second quarter, and how our growth drivers continue to deliver results and fuel momentum across our integrated and focused portfolio. Deanna will follow with additional details on our second quarter results, our progress against financial targets and our current financial position. Starting on slide five, our recent Investor Day, we announced the results of our strategic review, including the areas of our business that we will continue to invest in and expand on as well as select markets and products we will exit and we shared how these priorities enable us to reach our financial targets and deliver against our strengthened capital management approach. Our resulting go-forward strategy is focused on our growth drivers of retirement in the U.S. and emerging markets, global asset management, and U.S. benefits and protection. These businesses offer the greatest opportunity for growth, leverage our differentiators and integrated business model, and meet our financial objectives of being more capital-efficient with higher returns. We're exiting U.S. retail fixed annuities as well as the retail segment of U.S. individual life and we are seeking transactions for the related in-force blocks, allowing us to free up capital and de-risk our portfolio. We are focused on executing on the transactions and expect they are actionable in the near-term. These moves will better enable us to achieve our financial targets, which include: delivering 9% to 12% annual growth in earnings per diluted share from 2020 to 2023; achieving a 15% return on equity by 2023; and generating free capital conversion of 70% to 80%. And lastly, we outlined a plan to return more capital to shareholders, totaling $3 billion between 2021 and 2022. This does not include any excess capital that may be generated from potential transactions. Bottom-line, the changes to our business portfolio and capital management strategy will drive future growth, reduce capital intensity, improve risk profile, sharpen our strategic focus, and reinforce our commitment to returning more capital to shareholders, all aimed at driving long-term shareholder value. We are in a strong position to continue to create long-term shareholder value and to grow meaningful ways for our customers and shareholders as evidenced by our second quarter results. As shown on slide six, we reported $467 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the second quarter. Excluding significant variances, earnings increased 21% over the second quarter of 2020, driven by continued execution of our long-term strategy and improvement in macroeconomic conditions in many of our markets. We closed the second quarter with total company AUM of $990 billion, including record PGI-managed AUM and more than $130 billion of institutional retirement and trust retirement assets that migrated over the last nine months. Total company net cash flow was a positive $2.1 billion in the second quarter, including $1.6 billion of PGI-managed net cash flow. Our growth drivers continue to deliver performance for the enterprise, generating strong earnings growth and creating long-term value for shareholders. In our U.S. retirement business, the underlying fundamentals remain strong and are fueling growth in the business. Reoccurring deposits increased 33% over the second quarter of 2020 with more than half of the growth coming from our legacy block and the remainder from the IRT migration. Participant withdrawals were 2.4% of average account values in the second quarter, in line with our historical average and lower than the 2.8% we experienced a year ago during the pandemic. However, as a result of strong equity markets, participant withdrawals increased $3 billion over the second quarter 2020. This is consistent with prior periods of strong equity performance and the opposite is true when equity markets decline. These withdrawals led to negative net cash flow in RIS-Fee of $400 million in the second quarter as the strong growth in sales and reoccurring deposits as well as the low contract lapses were offset by higher dollars of participant withdrawals. We completed the migration of the IRT retirement business during the second quarter. As we discussed at the Investor Day, the migration of the trust and custody business will be completed in the first quarter of 2022. Over the last nine months, through the IRT migration, we've added 2.4 million retirement participants and $140 billion of account value to our platform, increasing scale, driving growth and positioning Principal as a top three retirement provider. The strategic benefits of the acquisition continue to emerge, including revenue and expense synergies. We're beginning to see lower TSA expenses, increased proprietary investment management opportunities and greater IRA rollovers and expanding retirement plan and total retirement solution opportunities. Our sales pipeline has nearly doubled over the last year with the strongest growth in the large plan market, which we expect to largely benefit sales in 2022. In the RIS-Spread business, we had approximately $750 million of MTN issuance in the second quarter and $500 million of pension risk transfer sales. The PRT business continues to be a core offering of our total retirement solutions. And we remain disciplined in pricing to ensure opportunities meet our return thresholds. Looking forward, our U.S. retirement business has four key growth engines, which we referenced at Investor Day; momentum from the IRT acquisition; differentiation from an unmatched set of Total Retirement Solutions; and engaging participant experience evolving with more digital enhancements; and PGI's world-class investment management solution. These four powerful engines will drive future growth for our retirement business as well as the rest of the enterprise. Outside the U.S., our emerging market retirement and long-term savings business is facing near-term challenges from macroeconomic conditions and the pandemic. In Chile, second quarter AUM was negatively impacted by $1.6 billion of COVID-related AFP hardship withdrawals as the country approved a third wave of withdrawals during the quarter. As a reminder, this does not impact our revenue in Chile as fees are collected on salary, not AUM. Principal International reported a flat net cash flow and $167 billion of AUM in the second quarter, a 7% increase on a constant currency basis compared to a year ago. China AUM, which is not included in reported AUM, was $143 billion in the second quarter and was pressured by negative net cash flow from institutional money market funds. Despite these challenges, we have the competitive advantage needed to drive growth over the long term within our chosen markets. We have strong local and global investment management capabilities, the right joint venture partners with meaningful reach, distribution, and brand recognition locally and a digital strategy that allows us to access and service customers where they are. We continue to diversify our offerings in Principal International. For example, in Brazil, our multi-mercado funds, balanced funds and investments in equities or fixed income have become more attractive due to the decline in interest rates. At the end of the second quarter, these funds accounted for over 20% of AUM in Brazil pref. With BRL28 billion of net cash flow year-to-date, we've captured 54% of the market share and 55% of second quarter sales were in these funds. Emerging markets are long-term investments. We're well-positioned to navigate the inherent volatility that comes with doing business in emerging markets. We will continue to capitalize on our competitive advantages by offering higher value-added products and differentiated solutions to our customers as well as leveraging our global asset management capabilities to drive future growth in Principal International. Our global asset management business is driving growth and demonstrating the strength of our integrated operating model. In the second quarter, PGI delivered $1.8 billion of sourced net cash flows, a 45% margin, strong pretax operating earnings as well as record PGI-managed AUM of $532 billion and PGI-sourced AUM of $263 billion. And we continue to deliver strong long-term investment performance as 70% of Principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median performance for the three-year period, 74% for the five-year and 88% for the 10-year. This performance positions us well to attract and retain assets going forward and is contributing to positive net cash flow. We're continuing to see strong interest in our flagship real estate products and continued demand for our yield-oriented products, including preferred securities, high yield, and our scaling emerging market debt strategy. Together, our strength in high-growth investment capabilities, our ability to leverage Principal's global multichannel distribution to develop and deepen customer relationships, our highly efficient globally integrated operating model, and our ability to attract and retain top talent will continue to drive growth in our global asset management business. In U.S. benefits and protection, our small to medium-sized business customers continue to show signs of resiliency and are returning to normal sales levels, expected retention levels and positive in-group growth. In group benefits, trailing 12 months' in-group growth turned positive for the first time since the pandemic, increasing nearly 0.5% for the total block with the strongest growth in businesses with under 200 employees, our focused customer segment. In individual life, premium and fee growth increased, reflecting very strong non-qualified corporate-owned life insurance sales, which are critical to our business market strategy and our total retirement solutions offering. Our latest well-being index reiterates the strength of this market. 57% of small to medium-sized businesses that responded to our survey said they are optimistic about the overall economic outlook for the next 12 months. This is a higher level than before the pandemic began. ESG continues to be a priority for Principal as highlighted on slide seven. Our ESG approach is aligned to the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals. It is woven into our investment philosophies, our approach to diversity and inclusion, and is embedded in our philanthropic strategies. We've recently published specific ESG commitments and will provide continuous updates to our sustainability website on principal.com and our annual corporate social responsibility report. We're very optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead as momentum has returned in many of our businesses and we've evolved our portfolio to bring greater focus to our growth drivers. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, our current financial and capital position, and additional details on how the outcomes of the strategic review will drive improved financial results. Net income attributable to Principal was $362 million in the second quarter, including $106 million of net realized capital losses with $5 million of credit losses. We reported $467 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the second quarter or $1.70 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings of $453 million or $1.65 per diluted share increased 21% compared to a pressured second quarter of 2020. This is also a 14% increase compared to the pre-pandemic second quarter of 2019. As shown on slide eight, we had a number of significant variances during the second quarter. These had a net positive impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $10 million pretax, $14 million after tax and $0.05 per diluted share. Pretax impacts included: a $61 million benefit from higher-than-expected variable investment income; a $15 million benefit from lower DAC amortization and RIS-Fee and model refinements in individual life; a net negative $11 million impact from COVID-related claims; a negative $21 million impact from IRT integration costs; and a negative $33 million impact in Principal International, including a negative $24 million impact of inflation in Brazil, and $9 million of lower-than-expected encaje performance in Latin America. Additional details of the Brazil inflation impact are available on slide 20. The second quarter financial impacts from COVID were limited to mortality and morbidity in RIS-Spread and U.S. Insurance Solutions. With just over 50,000 U.S. COVID-related deaths in the second quarter, the net $8 million after-tax impact was higher than our rule of thumb, primarily due to a large claim in individual life. This is a significant decline from prior quarters, and we expect the impact will be relatively immaterial to results the remainder of the year. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the second quarter, both the S&P 500 Index and daily average increased 8% compared to the first quarter and the daily average increased 43% from the year-ago quarter, benefiting revenue, AUM, and account value growth in RIS-Fee and PGI. Foreign exchange rates continued to improve in the second quarter but remained a headwind on a trailing 12-month basis. Impacts to reported pretax operating earnings included an immaterial impact compared to first quarter 2021; a positive $13 million compared to second quarter 2020; and a negative $14 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Turning to the business units, my following comments exclude the impacts of significant variances. As Dan mentioned, we completed the migration of the IRT retirement business in the second quarter, and we are seeing the benefits begin to play out. In RIS-Fee, we continue to expect $55 million to $65 million of IRT integration expenses for the full year as we continue to work to integrate the trust and custody business. PGI benefited from strong management fees, performance fees, and disciplined expense management in the second quarter, boosting growth in revenue and earnings and expanding the margin to 45%. Pretax operating earnings benefited $11 million from performance fees. Specialty benefits pretax operating earnings declined from the year-ago quarter due to higher dental and group life loss ratios driven by severity. Corporate pretax operating losses were in line with expectations as higher one-time expenses were offset by higher variable investment income. Turning to capital and liquidity on slide nine, we remain in a strong financial position with $2.5 billion of excess and available capital, including: $1.7 billion at the holding company, more than double our target of $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations; $325 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio estimated to be 421%; and $460 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. As shown on slide 10, we deployed $431 million of capital during the second quarter, including $266 million of share repurchases and $165 million to common stock dividends. Through the first half of the year, we've returned more than $680 million of capital to shareholders. Last night, we announced a $0.63 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, a $0.02 or 3% increase from the second quarter. Our dividend yield is approximately 4%. And we continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio for the full year. Through the first half of the year, the impact from credit drift and credit losses has been relatively immaterial and we expect it to remain immaterial for the full year. This has improved from the $100 million estimate at the end of the first quarter. As we discussed at Investor Day, the strategic review validated that our capital and leverage targets are appropriate. We plan to return to our targeted levels by the end of 2022, including a 400% RBC ratio by year-end 2021 and $800 million of excess capital at the holding company by the end of 2022. We will continue to maintain a 20% to 25% leverage ratio and expect to pay down $300 million of long-term debt when it matures in late 2022. Between 2021 and 2022, we plan to deploy approximately $3 billion of capital to shareholders to return to our targeted capital levels, including $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion of share repurchases and $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of common stock dividends. This excludes any impacts of potential transactions. Through our refined focus and strengthened capital deployment strategy, we will invest in areas where Principal has established competitive advantages while increasing our returns to shareholders. We have a clear path to becoming a higher-growth, more capital-efficient company creating long-term value for shareholders. We are actively pursuing transactions for several in-force blocks, including fixed deferred annuities and single premium income annuities with $18 billion of reserves and universal life secondary guarantees with $7 billion of reserves. While we don't have details to share on transactions, we will continue to update you as we know more, including timing as well as the financial and capital impacts. As a result of these portfolio changes, this results in approximately $110 million of lost pretax operating earnings on an annual basis. But we expect a seven to 10 percentage point increase in free capital flow conversion and a positive impact on our return on equity. As we look forward, we are targeting a 9% to 12% annual growth in earnings per diluted share. We have a path to a return on equity of at least 15% and we expect to generate 70% to 80% free capital conversion. These targets exclude proceeds from potential transactions, but reflect the lost earnings and capital impacts from discontinued products and segments. The path forward is attractive and will benefit returns, capital, and our risk profile. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore. 
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Deanna, I just had a -- first question is just a follow-up to your comment about specialty benefits. Did you say the weakness in the quarter was related to one large claim in group life? And if so, how large was that claim? That's my first question.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tom, I'll comment and then I'll turn it over to Amy to see if she has more to add. That comment was relative to the COVID impact in that we were slightly above our rule of thumb of $10 million after-tax impact for every $100,000 of U.S. debt. And that one large claim was in individual life. And then that took us just slightly above our rule of thumb. And so it wasn't a comment on specialty benefits. It was a comment on the COVID claims within individual life and total company.
Dan Houston: Anything further Amy?
Amy Friedrich: No.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is, Dan, a competitor, Great-West, recently announced that its acquiring Pru's 401(k) business. And I guess, my question, it surprised me a little bit just because Great-West is still in the process of integrating their MassMutual block. But it obviously raises the bar in terms of scale by competitors. I guess, just in light of that transaction, just curious how you're viewing the market, your scale. Do you still feel like post the IRT deal, you have sufficient scale for the next several years? Or do you think this raises the bar for you to consider future M&A in 401(k)?
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks Tom for the thoughtful question. The first thing I'd say is I certainly like the valuation ascribed to the block of business. I think that speaks volumes about our platform, which I would emphasize is inclusive of more proprietary asset management. We have a lot of success in roll-ins and rollovers. We also have a lot of success around nonqualified deferred compensation and all the other drivers of our TRS business model. So, all that hangs together really well. The other comment I'd make, Tom, is that this thesis that apparently is out there in the marketplace is the rationale behind why we bought the Wells Fargo IRT business in the first place, which was to gain scale, gain access to additional distribution capacity, certainly create new capabilities and allow us to have a bigger footprint out there with distributors, marketers, and intermediaries. So, frankly, we enjoy good scale today. We have good capabilities. We're constantly supplementing those and building on it from a digital perspective. But we think that we've got a really good place to fight from at this point in time. So, Renee, anything you'd like to add on top of that question, please?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, I think, Dan, you did a great job of covering exactly how we're thinking about it. It's clear that the market will continue to consolidate. And scale is important as our capabilities. We're really happy with the IRT acquisition in terms of what it did bring to us and does bring to us in terms of scale and increasing access to consultant channels that we may not have had before as well as really rounding out our set of capabilities to benefit not only the IRT customers that were acquired but our legacy customers as well. So, as we think about consolidation in the future, we're very mindful about the need to continue to watch our unit costs and scale. If acquisitions make sense in terms of scale and capabilities, we'll keep a close watch on those. But we're happy with the acquisition that we made, and we continue to watch the market very closely.
Dan Houston: Thanks Tom for the question.
Tom Gallagher: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. My first one is on PGI. So, looking at the performance for this quarter, both fee income and margin were very strong and you highlighted there's a component of performance fees. But even if you kind of back that out, the margin is still kind of around 44%. Just can you talk about the moving pieces for the strong margin for the quarter? And how should we think about that in the near term, especially if the market conditions remain relatively stable?
Dan Houston: Yes. And it really was a really strong quarter across the board for PGI. I couldn't be more proud of the team. Pat, do you want to provide some additional comments and details here?
Pat Halter: Yes, Humphrey, thanks for the question. I think one of the things that I want to highlight is that we continue to see strong revenue growth because we have strong investment capabilities that are desired in the marketplace. And we're seeing the desire from retail, from retirement, and from institutional clients. So, our multichannel multi-distribution model is really playing well with capabilities that are desired in the marketplace. So, I think that's been a nice sort of revenue generator for us as an organization both in terms of sales and in terms of retention. In terms of the margin question, Humphrey, if the macro market and markets continue to, I think, cooperate, we believe we're going to continue to generate, I think, these strong margins in the upper end of our guidance range, which is 37% to 40% and probably likely a little bit north of that 40% guidance range going forward as you kind of think about the expense control as we continue to have in place in the organization and our sort of view that our capabilities will continue to be desirable in the marketplace. And so I feel pretty good about the ability to continue to have some fairly strong margins in the second half of the year. I think we may have a little bit of additional sort of performance fees on the margin in the second half of the year also. But the margin outlook looks quite strong yet as I look forward into the second half of the year, Humphrey.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you for the color. My second question is related to specialty benefits. I think as you -- in Deanna's prepared remarks, you talked about dental, you had some severity in the quarter. I was just wondering if Amy or Deanna can talk about like what you saw in the quarter and how has that trended kind of into July.
Dan Houston: Yes. Good question. Amy, please?
Amy Friedrich: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So, just to take a little bit of a step backwards, we always expect to see either loss ratios in the first half of the year that are going to be greater than that second half of the year, just in terms of how these benefits get utilized. And in the first quarter, we saw the type of utilization that we expected. Second quarter, we would have assumed we drew down on that a little bit in terms of frequency and severity. And what we saw is frequency actually stayed pretty well within the ranges that we expected. It was severity that was a little bit higher. So, when we think of severity for dental, severity for dental is going to be those unit two or unit three procedures being done, so something all the way from a bridge or a crown to a filling. And so I think what we would say there is we have really great plan design features, really great maximum features that tend to be sort of self-regulating mechanisms on those plans. So, even if severity comes up a little bit in the second quarter, what we're going to see that second half of the year is that it's going to come back down. So, we're seeing a little bit more of those procedures. And again, I've heard lots of people speculate on what's causing that. We don't tend to speculate as much as we tend to make sure our pricing is aligned to what we're seeing in terms of the patterns. And again, we have great access to a bunch of in-network dentists who give us some good insight into this. So, what we're saying is that second half of the year, we think it's going to return to normal. Those types of things like severity don't tend to keep happening in second and third and fourth quarter because we've got plan design features that are good self-regulators.
Dan Houston: I think we've got that advantage, Humphrey, in addition to the fact that this business is annually priced. And coming out of a global pandemic, I would expect some degree of volatility in our claims experience, so thanks for the questions.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. 
Andrew Kligerman: Hey good morning. Just to maybe first layer on to Tom's earlier question about scale and multiples paid, we're seeing huge multiples being paid in emerging markets, specialty benefits, asset management. So, maybe just along the same lines, do you feel that you've got scale in those businesses? And if so, when you do divest of the cited operations and you raised -- I think you had cited over $1.5 billion or at least we think as much, would that more likely go to share repurchases as opposed to acquisitions, given the scale question?
Dan Houston: Yes, so appreciate that. One of the benefits we have just still being 30 days out of having reported on our strategic review -- and again, I won't reiterate all of what was said during the course of our Investor Day. But we literally interrogated every one of our businesses, our markets, our look-back and our look-forward. And so we do feel as if any gaps that might exist around capabilities and scale are under our clear understanding. And frankly, we feel like we're in a very strong, competitive position across the businesses. The ones we're exiting is where we didn't feel that the economics were in our best interest relative to a go-forward basis. And we felt there were other organizations that were better owners of these assets. We need to complete these transactions before coming to a conclusion on how we'll deploy those proceeds. But we are on the record already with investors that for the two-year period of time, we're going to deploy $3 billion back in the form of dividends and stock buybacks. We feel we've got our arms around our capital position. We're in a very strong position, which gives us frankly a lot of optionality. I'll ask Deanna if she has any additional comments she'd like to make here.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think one of the things we did lay out at Investor Day is the fact that one of the reasons why we have a low leverage ratio, it does allow us to fund any potential inorganic acquisitions through the issuance of more debt as well as our strong free capital flow position allows us to use some of the near-term free capital flow to also help aid in that. So, obviously, we're going to be looking to see if there are organic or inorganic opportunities. I think what Dan said is we feel good about the scale and the capabilities of our go-forward growth strategy. But we'll continue to be good stewards of capital. Our plan is to return that capital release from transactions unless there is a clear value-accretive opportunity to deploy it in another way. So, hopefully, that helps.
Dan Houston: Thanks Andrew. Do you have a follow-up?
Andrew Kligerman: Yes, a follow-up -- very helpful answer. I'm just curious now in RIS-Fee, now that you've brought the IRT onboard, sales were $3.3 billion, up from $2.8 billion year-over-year. Just kind of curious now that it's all onboard, what kind of sales trends you will likely see as you're now expanding your reach into larger markets? So, could we see a big uptick in sales?
Dan Houston: Yes, I think one way to look at that is we'll help frame that as we get fully integrated, as we sort of set our targets here in 2022, they might be premature. Your observation is a good one with regards to increase in sales from $2.8 billion to $3.3 billion. I'd also remind you that embedded within those PGI numbers in terms of strong results, we had another $3.8 billion of DCIO sales. And so these strategies are working very well. And maybe with that, I'll ask Renee to talk a little bit about the markets that we have historically have not played in that will be additive to our existing distribution strategy. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, Andrew, thank you for that question because I think there's a lot to be said in terms of the organic growth that we're seeing within RIS-Fee. So, maybe starting with first quarter, you'll recall that in first quarter 2021, we had about $8 billion of sales, which was an exceptionally strong result and included a couple of very large plan sales in there as well as strength in the small to medium-sized market. So, that indicates that we are, we can and we will play in the large plan market, we are successful and we're winning. Then we turn our attention to the second quarter. And what we see is a very strong $3.3 billion, which is up 17% from a quarter -- a year-ago quarter. The second quarter sales were really dominated by small and medium-sized plans, which again speaks to the fact that we have strength in small-, medium- and large-sized plans. We communicated at Investor Day and in last quarter's call that we are seeing a really nice increase in our institutional or our large plan pipeline. And we're very pleased with that. And it reflects the fact that we're making good inroads and relationships with top-tier consultants. The large plan market, however, has a longer sales cycle. So, we would anticipate that those sales will hit in 2022. So, all said, very pleased with the momentum that we see in organic growth. It's strong across small, medium and large plan markets and the -- we continue to be very optimistic about our capabilities and our ability to compete in this marketplace. 
Dan Houston: Thanks Andrew for the question.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first, just had a question on investment performance. And if you look at the data that you disclosed on your funds, it seems like the one-year performance is worse than three-year, that's worse than five-year and that's down from the 10-year. So, just wondering if this is because of a few funds or more broad-based. And then what the implications of this are in your ability to attract flows?
Dan Houston: Very good. Pat, please?
Pat Halter: Yes, thanks for the question. I think in terms of our performance, we still feel very positive about our long-term performance. Our one-year has dropped off a little bit. And specifically, it dropped off in our U.S. and non-U.S. equity performance. As you know, the U.S. equity markets in the first half of the year, because of just a strong stimulus, fiscal and monetary optimistic growth, the environment was really one of owning risk in that marketplace and you're rewarded for that. Our sort of overall fund sort of approach is more -- it's not universal, but it's probably biased more toward higher quality and lower -- higher quality than lower quality sort of the companies. And that's probably held back a little bit of our performance. Our investment approach process, we have a lot of conviction that will come back again. We've had periods in the past where we had sort of this risk-on approach and our high quality, low vol sort of style has been made out of favor. As we talk to our clients, they know our process. They know what they're investing in, in terms of our processes. They feel very confident and comfortable with what we're doing. So, we have not seen any drop-off at all in terms of either retention or sales because of that. So, that's probably the most important part of the sort of, if you want to say, less drop-off or a little bit of a drop-off in performance.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, do you have any follow-up?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. And then on the international business, your flows seem weak across a number of regions, so if you could just talk about that. And then also on the Chilean pension market, given how the election has gone thus far, how do you feel about the sort of any potential pension reform there?
Dan Houston: Yes, all good questions. So, the first place I'd start is in relative to PI net cash flow. I think it was a challenging quarter. But frankly, on a trailing 12-month basis, you've got $4.4 billion of positive net cash flow. That's three percentage points at the beginning of year account balances. It's up 10% compared to the trailing 12 months' second quarter 2020. And that's up 25% on a constant currency basis. I could get into the details. But examples might be, for example, last quarter, we saw $900 million positive in Southeast Asia. In Malaysia, negative $300 million this quarter entirely attributable to an institutional money market fund moving in and moving out. So, again, when we look at our long-term equity strategies across the board, they're actually holding up really well in these markets. And where there is downward pressure, some of that, of course, is coming from -- they are frankly still struggling from an economic recovery perspective, in large part due to COVID and some of what's happening here in the U.S. So, at the end of the day, we still feel we've got a really strong position. As you could see, when you adjust OE for encaje inflation in the Chile variable investment income, it's a good result for PI and still retaining 32% margins. As it relates to the Chilean elections, that's interesting. A couple of candidates who are challengers here have what I would consider and categorize as more moderate approach to AFP reform. Obviously, we're involved and engaged and talking about those topics with regulators on the value creation to Chilean citizens and how the AFP system has actually worked quite well. It's frankly what's allowed them to use it as a funding vehicle as they've authorized these 10% withdrawals coming out of the AFP system. So, we've got a lot of work to do to continue to inform legislators, inform the public. It's a concerted effort to do that. It has served the people there well in the past. And we believe it still will survive going forward. As you know, we'll have the first round of elections in November, second round of elections in December. And we'll continue to be vigilant in making sure that our point is made relative to the strength of the AFP. Did that help?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. Thank you.
Dan Houston: You're welcome. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi thanks. Good morning. I just had one quick one in terms of the guidance that you had given at the Investor Day, the 9% to 12% EPS growth. I know you included stranded overhead. Did you include anything for lost fees that you earn on the general account assets that would be reinsured within PGI?
Dan Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, that was included, Ryan.
Dan Houston: So, the loss fees on GA were included in the 9% to 12%, yes.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thanks. Thats all I had.
Dan Houston: Thanks Ryan. Appreciate it. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Maybe just a follow-up on Ryan's question on the EPS growth guidance, I do continue to get some questions from investors. So, I just want to clarify that we're looking at it correctly. But I think you're starting from a base of $5.67 in 2020, then assuming 9% to 12% growth, which would imply a range of roughly $7.35 to $7.95 for 2023. And I believe the growth rate assumes the $110 million pretax drag from lost earnings from the businesses you're exiting and you're not assuming any benefits from redeploying that capital. So, I guess, first, do I have that baseline correct? And then if so, should we assume that a sale of the fixed annuity and/or SGUL blocks would be accretive to your EPS growth as you redeploy the proceeds?
Dan Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes, you are correct. And then just following up on that last question from Ryan, it also included an estimate around stranded costs and PGI lost revenue from the general account. Obviously, those last two items are estimates, and they would be dependent on the specifics of the transaction. But you have that right. And so again, relative to that guidance, there could be some upside relative to the deployment of the proceeds from the transaction. Obviously, the magnitude of that will depend on the process and the specifics of the deal. But again, the confusion was probably that I made a comment, slightly dilutive. Slightly dilutive was not relative to that outlook. It was relative to a BAU result that obviously would be hindered by that lost earnings that I just discussed.
Dan Houston: Erik, does that help? Are we clear on that one?
Erik Bass: Yes, thank you. That helps. And then maybe the follow-up on it, could you give a sense of what you're assuming for growth in the RIS-Spread and Individual Life businesses in your guidance? And should we assume that earnings from these businesses are flat or maybe even down over the period, given the planned product exits from the stranded costs?
Deanna Strable: Yes, what I would say there is standard costs are not just in those lines of business. They go over into PGI and they actually go across the entire enterprise. The reason we didn't go into a walk-forward on those two lines of businesses as well as obviously, corporate is those are the ones that are going to be impacted by the transactions. And likely what we expect to see is somewhat of a reset and then a growth that would be more typical from what we have seen up to this point. And so again, I think that's one that we'll give you more insight as we transact and as we go forward. But again, the three that we didn't give you specific guidance are rolled up into that 9% to 12%. But that's how I would think of it as somewhat of a reset and then a growth from there.
Erik Bass: Perfect. That's helpful. And so just take out the $110 million is a fair assumption?
Deanna Strable: Yes.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks Eric for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. 
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. Can we talk maybe a little bit about the PGI in the equity product? Because I look at the withdrawal activity experience, it looked like it was the lowest level since 2Q 2016. And clearly, the turnaround in equity flows really helped PGI there. Can you maybe talk about what you're seeing from a withdrawal activity perspective as well as your expectations going forward? Thank you.
Dan Houston: Pat, some insights?
Pat Halter: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question. I think on the institutional side, we're actually seeing a positive net cash flow on the equity side, some small-cap, international are two notable areas. We're also -- I think I mentioned at our Investor Day, discussion at Origin, which is one of our emerging market investment boutiques, has had some very strong sales growth and they continue to attract some institutional sort of sales activity. So, the institutional side, the activity looks quite good on the equity side. I think what you're probably referring to, John, is what you're seeing maybe within our platforms. Platforms, we are seeing some withdrawals within the mutual fund, particularly the mutual fund. We're actually seeing some, I think -- on a broader sort of commentary, we're seeing actually some positive net cash flows in our international wealth, Dublin [ph] platform, and our SMA sort of product line, specifically with Aligned Investors, which is a very strong sort of mid-cap, large-cap manager. So, it's going to be a mixed bag in terms of mutual funds. But I think we still believe we have a very strong lineup of equity capabilities across the different segments that we cover, John.
Dan Houston: Follow-up, John?
John Barnidge: Yes. Great. Thank you for the answer. Yes, Deanna, a follow-up maybe on the specialty benefit side and the increased loss ratios in dental and vision in the first half of the year. Can you talk about addressing that from a pricing dynamic on renewal and how you're maybe thinking about whether this could lead to more regular frequency than pre pandemic since we all suddenly became aware dentist offices could be closed on a long-term basis?
Dan Houston: Amy, please? 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Sure. Happy to give an answer to that. So, I think Dan mentioned that at the tail end of the question that we took before, but that is that the dental business is one of our highest product lines in terms of annually renewable. So, when we look at those things that are going to be naturally repriced every year, that's going to include dental. We do trend. We do a look on trend on a regular basis. We do a lot of regular pricing scrutiny, in fact, more than once a year, probably on more of a quarterly basis to look at our dental prices exactly what they need to be in the marketplace. So, the good news there is the brokers and employers who have those products are used to sort of that regular cadence. And so what I would say we're seeing first half of the year, though isn't probably indicative of big pricing changes. I would say we tend to look at those over the course of the full year. Now, the pandemic has put some different dynamics at play, so we'll continue to be really agile in responding to those. But if the second half of the year emerges the way that we believe it's going to, we will not be facing a large pricing movement. Now, what I would say is that when we look at April and May in terms of their utilization and severity, those were more notably higher than even what we're seeing in June and July. So, those getting to taper off. So, that's increasing our certainty that, that second half of the year is going to behave on a more normalized pattern. And so I don't foresee we're going to have to make large movements.
Dan Houston: Hopefully, that helps, John.
John Barnidge: It does. Thanks for the answers and good luck.
Dan Houston: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Turning to your strategic update, I know you're not saying a lot about it. But is it fair to say that an FA block sale could potentially happen sooner than ULSG since on the buyer side, there's a lot more saturation from alternative asset managers?
Dan Houston: Yes, I think the best way to think about it is we view these as potentially one transaction. And there's no shortage of interest in these blocks, whether it's the annuity or the life. As you can expect, we are pulling a lot of data together and initiating the process. But we -- our intention is to go in, is to maximize shareholder value and whatever structure that is. You're correct in making the assumption that there is sort of a better path or a more well-worn-out path relative to the annuity blocks than something like ULSG, but again, we feel like there are good buyers out there. Deanna, anything you'd like to add to that?
Deanna Strable: No, I think if we think about the outreach that we've had since the announcement and the discussions that we've had, we do think there's a path for execution on both of those. We're diligently focused on that. And we think that we'll have further announcements over the next six to 12 months on both transactions.
Dan Houston: On full completion. Tracy, a follow-up?
Tracy Benguigui: Yes. My follow-up is I'm wondering why you wouldn't refinance your $300 million 2022 debt maturity, would still be in the 20% to 25% leverage range and it would leave more room to get to a capital return at the higher end of your range?
Deanna Strable: We are planning to refinance that. So, is your question why we would do that?
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Yes, it wasn't clear to me in your comments. I thought you just mentioned you'll pay that down, which felt to me that there was no refinancing, but you're--
Deanna Strable: No, we are planning -- we are not refinancing. Our plan is to pay that off when it comes due in the third quarter of 2022. If you remember back, we, during the pandemic, took the opportunity to issue $600 million of extra debt due to uncertainty in the marketplace at very, very attractive rates. Fast forward today, we found that we do not need that for that volatility or any credit pressure from the pandemic. And so we felt it was prudent to again take down the debt and retire that $300 million that comes due in third quarter of 2022.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. So, I should think about that as prefunding and more likely you would want to operate at the lower end of that range?
Dan Houston: That's correct. That's exactly right. 
Deanna Strable: Correct.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thanks Tracy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to come back to the scale issue in RIS-Fee and maybe just ask for your thoughts on something. So, last week, Empower said on the call that they viewed scale in kind of a DC business as 6 million plan participants, which was up from 2 million five years ago. And I guess, what surprised me was just the rate at which that changed, like a threefold increase in plan participants to get to scale. And I guess, I'm wondering if you had any thoughts on that change, like that pace of change or if there's something different about your business mix or your target market that maybe would be inconsistent with that commentary.
Dan Houston: Yes. Everyone's entitled their own views and opinions on what is the right scale. And those people with a lot of scale like Principal would argue that having more is better and it helps drive down your unit cost. So, I would agree with the overall arching view that more is going to be better. And then you have to start focusing on the things that really matter, which is what is the quality of the customer service that you're able to deliver, what are your capabilities? And that gets around the Total Retirement Suite in DB and nonqualified. And clearly, the importance of defined contribution, 401(k) and, of course, what is that customer experience. So, the scale is one key component. It's an important component. We're there, and we're going to continue to enhance and deploy technology to help us be more efficient. Renee, I don't know if you have any additional thoughts on this topic?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, thanks. And Dan really you've nailed the really critical pieces of this. I think the thing to remember, when we talk about our value proposition and how we compete in the marketplace, we differentiate on several things. First off is Total Retirement Suite and our ability to take our capabilities far beyond defined contribution. Defined contribution, there's no doubt, that is a highly competitive marketplace. And record-keeping fees are being driven down not only by competition but also just automation and digitization of the business. But when we look at our ability to pull together multiple retirement plan types and serve that up to the plan sponsor and the participant in a fully integrated basis using proprietary capabilities and technology, it sets us apart. And the same thing is true with the participant and the plan sponsor experience that we deliver, again fully integrated across multiple plan types. And last of all, our ability to work closely with a global asset manager that truly is expert in retirement. And so all of those things create a differentiation that allows us to successfully compete against other competitors that might be more solely or primarily focused on the defined contribution market.
Dan Houston: Does that help, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: Yes. No, that makes a lot of sense. Thanks for that. And then I guess my follow-up for Deanna, on the $110 million of pretax earnings from the blocks that you plan to divest, our assumption is that the vast majority of that is from the fixed annuity block and there's not much of an earnings contribution from the SGUL block. Is that a fair characterization? And can you give any help in terms of that $1.5 billion of capital that's in those businesses, what the split is between the two blocks? Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption on the earnings. I don't think we feel it's prudent to split those numbers into the underlying pieces, given the fact that we are planning to market the divested business as a single transaction and we're already providing incremental disclosure to interested parties. We'll take the opportunity when we announce the transactions to determine whether disclosing more details on the specific blocks that we transact is warranted. But at this point, I think your assumption on the earnings split is directional.
Dan Houston: Hopefully, you can appreciate the rationale behind the discussion, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, understood. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Yes, sorry about that. Thank you. I just had a question about calculating this inflation issue in Brazil. Is that a year-over-year change or is that a quarter-over-quarter? And if the if the quarter were to end today, how could we sort of translate that into an outcome for the quarter?
Dan Houston: Deanna, do you want to shed some light on that?
Deanna Strable: So, a couple of things I'll talk about there. And again, that is a quarter impact. And so this is all coming about. And if you actually go back to the -- it's actually a true-up is basically what it is, right? And so we have to calculate based on this closed block of business that we have not sold since 2001.
Dan Houston: There's a little bit of feedback coming in on the line. You might want to go on mute.
Josh Shanker: I'm going to mute while you're talking.
Dan Houston: Okay. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So, the liability and the underlying contract provision links the inflation to an index, the IGP-M. Due to unavailability of those assets, only about 50% of the assets backing that liabilities we're able to exactly match to that indices. The other remainder, we track to a retail inflation index, the IGPA. Over a long period of time, this has actually been very benign. Back to 2011, it's actually been a cumulative benefit. But it has been a hit over the last 12 months. There's a portion of that in the given quarter that is a lag. But the majority of that impact is the fact that there's a mismatch between what we're earning on the assets versus what we're crediting on the liability. We can take it offline with IR and get into some more details of how you could potentially track this a little bit more closely. But we do believe that over the long term, this will come back into more congruence between the two indexes. But we have a little bit of a mismatch, just given the economic and financial volatility that's occurring in the Brazilian market.
Dan Houston: It's also probably worth noting Josh that this is a --
Josh Shanker: Yes, go ahead.
Dan Houston: This is an active conversation with the regulators and the appropriate authorities. They're aware of it. There's a lot of domestic players that are obviously impacted, including our joint venture partner. So, this is getting a lot of air time and a lot of debate and discussion on what is an appropriate solution. I cut you off, go ahead, your question?
Josh Shanker: I'll take the month-to-date conversation offline with you guys and figure out what I can do there. I just wanted to change to PGI for a second. The results were very good in the quarter. I'm wondering if there is a strategy shift going on, where you're able to push more money into the higher fee-generating strategies. And is there -- can we talk about really what led to the really strong results in the quarter?
Dan Houston: I don't think we want to ever push. I think the idea is that we're going to have very attractive products for our customers. And right now, the performance and the asset classes line up well with what customers are asking for. But Pat, some additional color?
Pat Halter: Yes, Josh, I think it really is that we have an incredibly very vibrant marketplace right now, both in terms of market conditions and in terms of the flow of capital. And some of our flagship capabilities, like real estate, which are absolutely higher fee generation capabilities, are in vogue right now. So, I think that's one area just to highlight. We're very sort of alpha-producing active specialist capabilities, where we're really providing that sort of upper first and second quartile performance. We're getting a lot of strong support with that. And I think our multichannel distribution model, our distribution teams led by Tim Hill and Kirk West, both on the platform side, the U.S. side and on the international side, are really performing very well right now. So, we seem to be doing really well, both in terms of the capabilities that we can offer to the marketplace and getting those capabilities to the broad reach of the retail retirement and the institutional marketplace. So, it just seems to be coming together quite nicely right now. 
Dan Houston: Thanks Pat.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Mike Ward with UBS.
Mike Ward: Thanks for fitting me in. Good morning. I was just wondering if you could maybe frame the strategic review results, you recognizing you still have to get through the business exits and de-risking that you've identified, which is no easy feat, I'm sure. But I'm just wondering if we should think about the review as being largely complete or is it sort of ongoing? Was this kind of the first step? Could there be more incremental de-risking or divestment in other lines over time?
Dan Houston: Yes, I really appreciate the question, Mike. And what I would first say is our Board and our Board Finance Committee just did an incredible job under Clare Richer's leadership and Scott Mills, our Lead Director. As I said earlier in my comments, it was an incredibly thorough process. We've put in some additional internal mechanisms to monitor performance and to ensure that the go-forward strategy lives up to our investors' expectations and our expectations. And so I don't think it's ever complete. I think the reality is you're constantly looking at your portfolio for those businesses and those markets that can drive growth to reward investors. And so I'd say Phase 1 is certainly in play as we speak. And I would look for us to continue to look very closely at these businesses in these markets to make sure that they're meeting our appropriate thresholds and we'll continue to update investors as we go along. Did you have a follow-up?
Mike Ward: No, that was it. Thanks very much guys.
Dan Houston: Appreciate the question.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please?
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you. And again, if I were to summarize, I think it was a very strong quarter, both measured by financial and customer metrics, strong return of capital and advancing our strategy. My closing comment really before, and those were the same comments I made when we closed out our Investor Day, which was we're going to stay focused on our long-term growth strategy. We are committed to creating long-term shareholder value. We're confident in our ability to execute and we've demonstrated it historically and again, this quarter was no exception. And we've got 38 million customers around the world to help achieve financial security. And that's job one for us. So, appreciate your time today and look forward to follow-up conversations with all of you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 o'clock P.M. Eastern Time until end of day, August 3rd, 2021. 7696420 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for international callers. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's first quarter 2021 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com\investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision CEO, Dan Houston, and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement Income Solutions, Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; and Amy Friedrich U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation. We're looking forward to connecting with many of you at our 2021 Investor Day, which will now be held on June 29th. The event will be virtual and will share more details in the near future. Additionally, our 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility report was recently released and we launched a new sustainability subsection on principal.com. Our 2020 CSR report highlight several achievements from the year and new commitments we've made. View the report and learn more about our ESG strategy at principal.com\sustainability. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will discuss key performance highlights for the first quarter and their growing momentum we're seeing across our diversified business. Deanna will follow with additional details of our first-quarter results and our current financial position. 2021 is off to a strong start. Beginning on Slide 4, we reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $424 million excluding significant variances non-GAAP operating earnings increased 18% over the first quarter of 2020, driven by solid execution and improved macroeconomic conditions. We're very optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead as momentum has returned in many of our businesses and we continue to see resiliency in small to medium-sized businesses. In the first quarter, we had strong in-group growth from positive employment trends and group benefits and we had record sales in our retirement business while participant deferrals and company matches increased and return to pre-pandemic levels. We continue to be in a very strong financial position with $2.8 billion of excess and available capital. We deployed over $250 million of capital in the first quarter through share repurchases and common stock dividends. Last night, we announced a $0.61 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, a $0.05 increase over the first quarter dividend. This increase helps us stay on track with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio we're confident that our businesses will continue to generate strong earnings and create long-term value for shareholders. We closed the first quarter with record total company AUM of $820 billion, an increase of nearly $190 billion or 30% over a pressured first quarter of 2020. This includes $19 billion of positive net cash flow and we achieved record PGI managed and PGI sourced AUM of $508 billion and $250 billion respectively. Our diversified suite of products and solutions are in demand in the current market and continues to be relevant to institutional retail investors as well as our affiliated businesses. Investment performance remains strong, is 57% of Principal mutual funds ETFs separate accounts and collective investment trust were above the median for the one year time period, 77% for the three years, 76% for five years, and 89% for the 10-year. For our Morningstar rated funds 71% of fund level AUM had a four or five-star rating. Longer-term performance, which drives our net cash flow remained strong and positions us well to attract and retain assets going forward. Principal International reported $161 billion of AUM in the first quarter, a 15% increase on a constant currency basis compared to a year ago. China AUM, which is not included in our reported AUM increased to $155 billion in the first quarter. Total company net cash flow was a positive $8 billion in the first quarter, $5 billion higher than the first quarter of 2020. ISP generated $5.7 billion of net cash flow, driven by a record $8 billion of Retirement sales growth in reoccurring deposits as well as low contract lapses in participant withdrawals. The pipeline is robust, especially in the large plan market, and is expected to drive strong growth in full-year sales. Participant withdrawals as a percent of average account values returned to pre-pandemic levels in the first quarter, a recovery that is expected to persist throughout the year. While PGI sourced the first quarter, net cash flow was a positive $400 million, driven by strong institutional flows PGI managed net cash flow was a negative $500 million. To better meet customer's needs we chose to move approximately $7.5 billion from mutual funds to collective investment trust in April. This will not impact second-quarter net cash flow nor will there be a material impact on revenues or earnings. Principal International reported $1.4 billion of first-quarter net cash flow, the 50th consecutive positive quarter driven by Southeast Asia in Hong Kong. Although not included in our reported net cash flow China had $34 billion of net cash flow in the first quarter. While China clearly benefited from money market funds being in favor in the first quarter, we're making progress to diversify our offering through our joint venture with China Construction Bank, including $360 million of positive net cash flow and equity strategies in the first quarter. In addition, our digital distribution continues to grow in China. We added 3 million new digital retail mutual fund customers and doubled our digital AUM in the first quarter alone. The pandemic continues to impact many countries we operate in. Brazil, in particular, industry-wide net deposits were down 19% from a year ago while we continue to lead the industry and pension deposits first-quarter net cash flow of $100 million declined from the fourth quarter. And in Chile, first quarter AUM was negatively impacted by $600 million from COVID hardship withdrawals improved from $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter. I'll now share some additional execution and business highlights. Starting with the integration of the Institutional Retirement and Trust business, the integration is going very well and remains on track with a third successful migration occurring just last week. The migration of the retirement business will be completed in the second quarter and trust and custody and the third quarter. In total, we are adding more than 2.2 million retirement participants and approximately $140 billion of retirement account value through the IRT acquisition. Expense synergies will begin to emerge in the second half of the year and the transition services agreement will wind down by the end of the year. To offset some of the pressure on earnings, we're working on solutions to mitigate the impacts that the low IOER rate has had on the acquired trust and custody business. We're beginning to realize some tangible benefits of the IRT acquisition having scale and additional distribution channels helped drive record retirement sales in the first quarter and our pipeline has doubled compared to a year ago. As we're servicing, more customer revenue synergies are starting to build and exceeded our expectations in the first quarter including IRT rollovers, automatic IRT, and asset management opportunities. This business is a powerful growth driver for Principal. We are increasing our scale to better serve small, medium, and large size clients, we're enhancing our capabilities and we have a more robust platform that is needed to compete in the retirement business moving forward. A few other business highlights to note in RIS spread we had approximately $900 million of opportunistic MTN and GIC issuances in the first quarter. The IRT pipeline continues to build and we expect a robust second half of the year. Individual life sales rebounded with a 30% increase over the prior-year quarter, driven by non-qualified deferred compensation, an important component of our total retirement solutions and our small to medium-sized business strategies. A few weeks ago, Principal unveiled new Corporate Responsibility commitments to bring additional accountability to our ESG strategy. Through these commitments, we're pledging enhanced support for women and minority-owned businesses, continuing to nurture a diverse and inclusive work environment, and by 2050, we are targeting net-zero carbon emissions. As many of you are aware, we entered into an agreement with Elliott Management, earlier this year, to conduct a strategic review of our business mix, capital management, and capital deployment, as well as added two independent directors to our Board. The review, which is being led by the finance committee of our Board is well underway and we'll share the outcome in late June. We are considering the entire spectrum of options to enhance shareholder value, meet the needs of our customers, and strengthen our position as an industry leader. We've had very insightful conversations with many of our investors and sell side analysts since reaching our agreement with Elliott Management in mid-February. I want to thank all of you for your candor and your perspectives. Our conversations with Elliott remain constructive. Last night, we announced Claudio Muruzabal. He's joining our Board of Directors. Claudio's immense global experience and leadership in the technology industry will bring valuable insights to our digital initiatives around the world, combined with the addition of [Mary Beams] in February, we've now added two new independent directors in 2021, per our agreement with Elliott. With that, let me turn it over to Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, the impacts from COVID, as well as our current financial position. The first quarter was a strong start to the year with net income attributable to Principal of $517 million, including $94 million of net realized capital gains with minimal credit losses. We reported $424 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the first quarter or $1.53 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings of $442 million or $1.60 per diluted share, increased 18% and 19%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2020. As shown on Slide 4, we had three significant variances during the first quarter. These had a net negative impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $25 million pretax, $18 million after tax, and $0.07 per diluted share. Pretax impacts included a net negative $21 million impact from COVID-related claims, a negative $19 million impact from IRT integration cost, and a $15 million benefit from higher than expected variable investment income. Specific to variable investment income, alternatives and prepayment fees benefited RIS spread in Individual Life by a combined $25 million. This was partially offset by a negative $10 million impact in corporate, as the increase in interest rates negatively impacted some mark-to-market fixed-income investments. The first quarter financial impacts from COVID were limited to mortality and morbidity, and RIS spread in US Insurance Solutions. With approximately 200,000 US COVID-related deaths in the first quarter, the net $21 million pre-tax impact was slightly better than our sensitivity would have suggested, primarily due to more favorable impacts in our RIS spread. For the full year, we're now estimating a total of 275,000 US COVID deaths or about 75,000 in the remainder of the year. This is slightly lower than what was anticipated in our outlook due to the vaccine rollout. We continue to see further recovery across our US businesses in the first quarter. Group Benefits and Group growth was a strong positive at just under 1% during the quarter and dental claims returned to expected levels for the quarter. In the Retirement business, recurring deposits increased 10% compared to the first quarter of 2020, driven by an increase in both the number of people deferring and the number of people receiving as well as the impact from the IR team migrations. Additionally, a record $8 billion of sales and low lapses contributed to the strong first-quarter net cash flow. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the first quarter, the S&P 500 Index increased 6% and the daily average increased 9% compared to the fourth quarter and 26% from the year ago quarter, benefiting revenue, AUM, and account value growth in RIS-Fee and PGI. Foreign exchange rate tailwinds emerged in the first quarter, but remain a headwind compared to a year ago. Impacts to reported pre-tax operating earnings included a positive $3 million compared to fourth quarter 2020, a negative $4 million compared to first quarter 2020, and a negative $45 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Excluding significant variances, first-quarter results were in line with or better than our expectations for all of the business units. A few comments. PCI's trailing 12-month revenue growth of 2% was muted due to lower performance fees and transaction and borrower fees due to the pandemic. We expect to be at the high end of the 9% to 13% guided range for revenue growth for the full year. In Principal International, while encaje performance was $5 million lower than expected in the first quarter. It was offset by favorable variable investment income in Chile. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, Principal International's trailing 12-month revenue was flat compared to the year-ago with a 33% margin. Revenue growth is expected to improve throughout the year and to be within the 8% to 12% guided range for the full year. Turning to Capital and Liquidity on Slide 6. We remain in a strong financial position with $2.8 billion of excess and available capital, including $1.8 billion at the holding company, more than double our target of $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations, $575 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio, estimated to be 437%, and $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. We expect the estimated 437% RBC ratio to move down toward our targeted 400% throughout 2021 as capital is deployed. Our non-GAAP debt-to-capital leverage ratio, excluding AOCI is low at 23%. Our next debt maturity of $300 million isn't until late 2022, and we have a well-spaced ladder debt maturity schedule into the future. As shown on Slide 7, we deployed $252 million of capital during the first quarter, including $100 million of share repurchases. We remain committed to $600 million to $800 million of share repurchases in 2021. So far, in the second quarter, we've completed approximately $75 million of repurchases through April 26. Last night, we announced a $0.61 common set dividend, payable in the second quarter, a $0.05 or 9% increase from the first quarter, and our dividend yield is approximately 4%. During the first quarter, the impact from credit drift and credit losses was immaterial and we're now estimating $100 million impact for the full year, improved from the $300 million estimate at the end of 2020. 2021 is off to a great start with record assets under management and strong earnings in the first quarter. The macroeconomic outlook has improved from year-end and will help fuel continued growth across our businesses. We're looking forward to welcoming the remainder of the IRT retirement customers to Principal in the second quarter and are excited for the opportunities that lie ahead. As John mentioned at the beginning of the call, I look forward to connecting with many of you at our virtual Investor Day on June 29 where we'll share our strategies for long-term growth. This concludes our prepared remarks, Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So, I had a question on the Retirement and the Asset Management business and you had very strong flows in your FSA business and I think they're a couple of large wins and typically when FSA flows are strong your Asset Management flows tend to be good as well. But I think in this case, the plans had more of an open architecture platform. So just wondering if that's a trend we should see going forward as well. And also how - what are the implications of this for your overall earnings for the enterprise, because in the past obviously, a majority of the FSA assets have been managed by PGI.
Dan Houston: Good morning, Jimmy. This is Dan and it's a great question and clearly when you make an acquisition, the size of the Wells Fargo IRT business, we knew that it was going to come with larger plan capabilities. We also know that we had tapped into a new set of consultants advisors that might bring us this size opportunity, so it's worthy of spending a few minutes and digesting that to do that in a constructive way, I'll have Renee talk about our continued commitment to the S&P market, but also this larger case market. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely and Jimmy, thank you for that question. Let me first start by talking about the sales that we saw in the first quarter and they are very strong, and we're very pleased with the development so far. And I think the thing that's the most pleasing is that when we look at first-quarter sales, they were strong across all plan sizes, small, medium and large, and in particular in the large plan market, we've seen very robust pipeline growth and in the corresponding sales and of course, we did have two very nice large plan wins in first quarter. I think the thing to know, there is the sales cycle is a little bit longer in the large plan market, and so that will result in a little bit of volatility in terms of when that business will close and a lot of that business may not become effective until 2022 just because of the long sales cycle. But nonetheless, we are very pleased with our sales across all plans size segments. The second part to your question was, what happens with asset capture and how are we driving assets to PGI, and a couple of comments there. First off, Principal is unique from the perspective of having a very strong track record in driving proprietary asset management capabilities in our new sales. So while the industry average is somewhere around 30%, we routinely beat that particularly in the small and the mid-sized plan market. Larger plans can be expected to drive assets as well to PGI and an important source of that comes from the rollover opportunities and also the small amount for subs but also we are introducing our proprietary asset management capabilities on a client-by-client basis, where it makes sense and where we compete very well. And so we do anticipate seeing some nice lift there too as we begin to migrate the IRT business into R block and we begin to work with the plan sponsors as they consider their investment lineups. So again, very pleased with first quarter results. Strong momentum across all plan sizes and we continue to capture a good share as proprietary asset management, particularly in the small and mid-sized market.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, a lot to think about there. Any follow-ups?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes, just on the same topic, should we assume that your fee rate would decline as you become more competitive than the larger case market, obviously you can generate good margins if you've got scale, but in terms of the fee rate itself should that be going down over the next few years as you're putting on more large case business?
Deanna Strable: Yes, so the average fee - if you look at the fees overall, you'll see that the highest fees are associated with small plan market and then, of course they scaled down with the larger plan market simply because of economies of scale within a particular plan. Now in terms of overall competitiveness and what we're seeing in the marketplace, we see fee competitiveness across all segments, but I can't, it would be unfair to say that we see the fee pressures in the large plan market at a greater rate than what we see in the other sized markets. So again, we continue to see fee pressures of a whole industry sees fee pressures you typically see higher amounts of these in the small plan market compared to the large, but we're not seeing a disproportionate competitive pressure in the large plan market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: I guess just to follow up on IRT fees. I think in your prepared remarks you talked about the revenue synergies from the IRT block exceeded your expectations in the first quarter. Can you quantify that for us and how should we think about it as you continue to migrate the business into your platform.
Dan Houston: Yes. So it's a good question and then I'll have Renee speak to, but again we made initial assumptions having underwritten this opportunity, and frankly, as I've said before on these calls, it's about a three-quarter delay from where we want it to be in terms of transitioning those clients over, we've now transitioned over very successfully three of the five blocks of business with two remaining that will be completed by the end of the second quarter. And the reason that's so important is it although it did generate higher expenses, it allowed us to retain a lot of business and also to be in a position to capture more revenue and as well as more revenue opportunities. It also allowed us to capture some expense synergies so again hats off to Renee and her team for really good execution here, but I'll have Renee speak specifically to your revenue questions Humphrey.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely and thank you for the question. Humphrey. So first off, our ability to work directly with the plan sponsors on revenue synergies it increases as those clients begin to roll over to our platform, but generally speaking, there are several opportunities for us to add to the revenue and to capture synergies. In the first area that I would point to is our very broad total retirement solutions offering. So, and you've heard us talk about this before, we are strong, not only in a defined contribution that number one and defined benefit number one in ESOP and number one and non-qualified in terms of a number of plans. So one of the areas that we look at right away is what additional solutions can we bring to the table for those plan sponsors and deliver in a very integrated and coordinated way. So we've seen some good early success in bringing particularly defined benefit capabilities to the table as well as non-qualified. The second area that I would point to is in the IRA rollover spectrum and there again, we have a very strong IRA rollover capture capability and as those participants come onto our platform and we have the ability to work within the benefit event will begin to see the results of that and it creates a nice lift to proprietary Asset Management flows. The next area of course is the small amount for south, which is a benefit to the bank. And then last of all, we work with the fiduciary committees at each of our plan sponsors to identify opportunities to introduce our proprietary asset management capabilities as they make sense and that will be something that continues to unfold as this block of business migrates over. So we're off to a strong start with a lot of runway left as that block of business migrates over.
Dan Houston: Any follow-up Humphrey?
Humphrey Lee: Yes, sure. So just on IRTs in terms of the flows, so clearly you start off first-quarter very strong. I think at the - on the outlook call you talked about kind of the expectation for flows for 2021 will be flat for the year given the strong performance in the first quarter did that change your outlook for the balance of the year or were those two large case wins were kind of expecting in the other cost although it didn't change it?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Humphrey. That's a great question. And let me tackle that by walking through each component of the net cash flow formula. So first off, in terms of transfer deposits, we've already talked about the fact that we're seeing really good momentum in both pipelines and in sales across all plan segments and we anticipate that that will continue throughout 2021 and that we'll see good quarter-over-quarter increases in sales. So good momentum in the transfer deposits. The same thing is true for recurring deposits, we saw a 10% increase in recurring deposits in the first quarter, driven by increases in the number of people who are participating as well as a nice uptick in actually the match and the deferral contributions themselves. And as a reminder as the IRT block migrates over to our platform, the recurring deposits will begin to increase as a result of that IRT business now being on our platform, which brings us then to withdrawals and we're seeing really interesting phenomena this year and it's related to the strong market appreciation. So let me cover that just real quickly, we expect to see account values appreciate over 30% in 2021 and it's driven as a result of equity market performance and we'll also see participant withdrawals from the IRT block of business show up in our block, and it will - and it will go through the participant withdrawals as well. So as a result, when you look at the dollar amount of withdrawals, you'll see that increase over 2020. But if you compare those dollar amounts of withdrawals to the average account values, what you'll see is that we expect our results will be at the pre-pandemic levels, which is very favorable. So as a result of this, this is what led us to guide towards a flat net cash flow in 2021 and our outlook call. We're certainly very pleased with what we've seen in the first quarter and so that gives us nice optimism for the rest of the year, but it largely depends, too, on the pattern of the large plan sales that we might see for the rest of the year. That was a long explanation that hopefully
Dan Houston: Hopefully, that helps, Humphrey. Yes, and it is. And every time we've seen the markets go up into the right this aggressively. It's the same pattern that emerges, it's just the opposite when the equity markets go the other way. So, thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: So I'm thinking a little strategically, Dan at the beginning of the call, you're alluding to the Individual Life business being important to your S&P businesses, and I think Income Solutions sales were great, but I'm wondering if you could elaborate a bit more on strategically how that business fits in with your RIS businesses, et cetera. How important is it?
Dan Houston: Yes, so let me give that a high level and then kick it over to Amy, but I would start with where we've always been, which is our overall arching strategy - strategy as you very well know is the S&P market and larger employers and we bolstered that and the acquisition of the Wells Fargo IRT business. We also know that some of those products that lie within USIS service is really strong vehicles for the funding mechanism, for example, non-qualified deferred compensation those tax benefits from very, very compelling, also back to the core S&P strategy life insurance is used as we all know for buy-sell and key person protection and you don't have to look much further in the last 12 months to have an appreciation for what a single mortality life can mean to a small to medium-sized business. So that's where we have always anchored our thesis for being in those businesses, the same lies true, if you were to look at Renee spread business when we provide guaranteed income for our customers and then of course you have to recognize that PGI manages a disproportionate percentage of those assets because they like to the general account. So it really is a comprehensive business model that we have built, and I'll have Amy speak to first-quarter sales and her outlook and her ideas as well. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes, thanks for the question. Dan, you did a great job team this up and you hit exactly the right point, which is, we're happiest with our life sales and growth numbers when they have a tight to the business market. The one of the statistics we've provided over the last several years is how much of our life sale is tied to that business market. So that's going to be tied to a solution that we use the life insurance product to solve either an executive benefit or to solve some sort of an employer benefit issue usually with a business owner and executive solutions to sort of the basis of that. So, this first quarter, what was probably most notable is that we were at nearly 60% business market sales and I would tell you, above 50% is what we want to see, we want to tie into to provide great solutions and Dan talked about it in a tax-efficient solution for things that we're doing for and plan. We intentionally tie into our retirement business is one of the pillars of TRS to provide great non-qualified solutions and to drive both volume and good quality solutions in that. We're also looking to do even more business and we've seen that reflected in our results in the business owner and executive solution. We know that the marketplace and some of the returns on what I consider just the pure retail plays are difficult, particularly difficult for a public insurer, but the business market focus, the tie into the other piece of the strategy has been a focus for us for years and that's the piece that we continue to see as really critically important to the strategy.
Dan Houston: Hope that helps, Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman: Very much. Yes. So you get that sense of the integration and then it sounds like the IRT integration is going really well. It's - you said three or five blocks by the end of the year, it should be humming. Are you at this scale and position where you want to be, or could you find other businesses in RIS that you'd like to acquire?
Dan Houston: It's like a lot of things. It's opportunistic in some sense. But at the same time, we definitely have a to-do list and it is surround itself around capabilities whether it's asset management or asset gathering around the world and so we've thought through that, we need to digest what we've acquired in the IRT business, as I said, we feel very good about what we have acquired and on-boarding it with the successful completion by the end of the second quarter of the last migration. We still have some work done for the balance of the year on the trust and custody component, but we're clearly, consciously aware of the fact that this doesn't stay stagnant, there is going to be winners and losers in this space and we're going to continue to distinguish ourselves as a net winner and we'll be very strategic in how we go about doing that. So I appreciate the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was hoping to get some more color on the international organic growth drivers in a couple of regions. In Southeast Asia, it looks like you had record net flows this quarter so hoping you could talk about the drivers there and then for Latin America clearly there have been some headwinds from COVID in pension-legislation changes, but can you discuss some of the current dynamics there in the key markets.
Dan Houston: Yes. So I'll tag this one with Deanna. I'll take Latin America maybe kick off Asia to her. As you know in all three of the Latin American countries, Mexico, Brazil, and Chile. They are all going through some form of pension reform, you may have even seen last night, Erik, their President Pinera actually allowed for the third now distribution out of the 4A system, which will our - or AFP, which will reduce by another 10%. The account values of course that doesn't necessarily impact our revenues, it's calculated differently and there's also some pension reform that's being debated about moving the required funding contribution from 10% to 16% and there's a debate currently going on, of which were part of along with the industry on how that next 6% gets managed and the structures that go around that. Mexico is already achieved their reform, we know that starting in 2023 through 2030 it will go up 1% per year going from 6% to 15%, however they've also modified in the current environment, the fee structures we are allowed to charge so we've got some near-term pressure and we're making adjustments on expenses, reflecting that downward pressure on the fees that we can charge. And then, of course, we've got to be thinking about Brazil, as you know there are a lot of a hurt right now with COVID, that's a serious issue and in spite of that our joint venture with Brazil, Banco do Brasil holds up incredibly well. We still enjoy roughly a 30% market share and we captured 37% of all the new deposits through February 21st of this year. So in spite of being, having a tremendous amount of macro pressure in Brazil, you have to give that team a lot of credit for their ability to fight through it. The last comment I'll make about Brazil is there has been a very conscious effort to migrate away from the significant emphasis and focus that we have on a fixed income to include other products multi-Mercado is what is referred to, and it's a balanced fund, and we're working very closely with the bank and helping shipped some of that fixed income into more of a balanced approach. And then lastly, as you know we have Claritas, and Claritas is an asset manager, of which we own 100%, is actually doing quite well in spite of some of these other challenges so with that let me flip it over to Deanna to talk about Southeast Asia.
Deanna Strable: Yes, thanks, and thanks for the question, Erik. So first of all, just to give you a little bit of backdrop, the economic outlook in Southeast Asia is very similar to what we see here in the US, there is a lot of liquidity in the market. Economic recovery is well underway. A better outlook regarding the pandemic, given the vaccination progress and we continue to have very strong investment performance from our joint venture. And as you know, we increased our ownership of that joint venture a few years ago and so that's coming into play as well. The net cash flow for the quarter was very strong at 900 million that was half driven by institutional has driven by retail very focused in our equity funds, there can be some lumpiness of that institutional money from quarter-to-quarter, but we do continue to remain optimistic about the net cash flow outlook for the remainder of the year.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Deanne. And anything to follow-up there, Erik?
Erik Bass: Great. I appreciate all the color there. That's helpful. And then one Deanna, you had mentioned I think the prepared remarks, exploring some ways to offset the low IOER rate. The impact IRT-Fee. I was just hoping you could provide some more color on what options you may have there on the potential benefit.
Dan Houston: Yes. Very good. Why don't we have Renee do that you certainly close to that? And again, they've done a nice job navigating this but, Renee, please?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. Erik, thank you for that question. So we've talked a lot about the IOER rates in the decline and how that the impact that's had on revenue and so we've talked a lot about the IOER rates in the decline and how that the impact that's had on revenue and so we've been eager to identify opportunities to present solutions to our customers that are attractive and they can help create a better economic scenario for us and so we've been working very closely with Wells Fargo, we've identified solutions that are leveraging the strength and the capabilities of our bank, and that can deliver what we think are some very attractive alternatives to this customer base. And again this is for the trust and custody customers and that block of business will migrate over at the tail end of the migration. So the very last part of summer, and so as we introduce these alternatives to our customers, we would anticipate to see some of some revenue replacement begin to come through at the tail end of 2021 and then on into 2022.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: My first question was, as the business starts to migrate over to the new platform in requirement, can you just help us think a little bit more about the - how to think about the trajectory of expense saves in the - growing as we, as we go through the rest of 2021?
Dan Houston: Yes, Ryan, happy to do that and I'm going to call an audible here because I know we're probably giving a little bit longer answer so I'm going to maybe go to one question per analyst so we can get through the whole queue in the interest of time, and again that's on us. So even in spite of having short prepared comments. Our answers here have been a little bit long this morning but with that, I'm going to have Renee speak specifically to the issue of the migration in an expense relief.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. And as we said the migration is going very well. We're very pleased with the way that customers are being migrated in a very smooth fashion good communications with advisers and consultants and specific to your question, we will see the TSA expenses begin to roll off the last half of 2021, which led us to guidance at the outlook call to say that we'll see the margins began to increase in the 23% to 27% margin range towards the latter half of the year, reflecting the fact that those expenses are coming off.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Renee, appreciate the question Ryan, and sorry to limited to one. So if the operator could take us in the next call, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Industry participant on the life side are be targeting lower-income stratification, recently noted increased experience and depth despair and their mortality book and then also an increased impact from lack of medical treatment for heart and Alzheimer's disease. Can you talk about what you're experiencing with this dynamic in general mortality trends beyond COVID? Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes, happy to do that, John. So Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, John. So we saw the same reports that you've seen in terms of some of the things going on beyond direct COVID experience and what I can tell you is, we've taken a really hard look at our individual life block as well as our Group Life block. And keep in mind we probably feel like we have the best point of claim data for our individual life block. So, that tends to give us the deepest insight into what the causes were. And as we look through our portfolio of products and customers what we're seeing on those claims is that we don't see anything beyond normal volatility. So I appreciate that there is a larger discussion going on out there, some believe there's future would see fewer death non-COVID there's other people coming in and saying there is more death on COVID. What I would say is for individual disability as well as a group life right now, those are both relatively unremarkable for us. So we're not seeing claims patterns that would be on a diagnosis code basis anything that's remarkable. So again, we like the fact that's not remarkable. But we understand that's a little bit different than what you might be hearing from the rest of the industry, but that has been our performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just a question on the acquired AUA. If we look kind of sequentially, there was about a $31 billion drop in that balance despite the fact that markets were pretty strong and I didn't think that there was any transfers into RIS fees. So is that just increased elapsation activity or is there something else that's kind of driving a bigger delta than we've seen in recent quarters?
Dan Houston: Yes, thanks for the questions, Suneeth. Please, Renee.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you, Suneeth, and to your point fourth quarter AUA ended at 685 billion and now we're at 654 and there are a couple of things that led to that. First off, market depreciation would help to drive that up, but then that market appreciation is being offset by the normal shock lapses that we had projected, and those shock lapses are predominantly in the trust and custody side of the house. But that is the impact there.
Dan Houston: Hopefully that helps.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks.
Dan Houston: Okay, Suneeth, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Just, I had a few questions on RIS-fee. So I'll just ask them all at once. Do you expect to still break even on flows after the very strong start to the year? I just - I just wasn't entirely clear on that and is that it sounded to me like that was partly related to the IRT assets which I guess - I don't think the bulk of those are currently included in the RIS fee. So would you expect to begin to include those either next quarter or 3Q where we would see more of a complete picture of net flows, and then finally, or are pretty big outflows in the IRT that you're not currently including that we're then going to see included when we have a more complete picture.
Dan Houston: Yes. I appreciate that. Please, Renee.
Renee Schaaf: Okay, so let's first look at the IRT business and how that migrates over. When the IRT business comes over it will be recorded in acquired operations underneath year account value roll forward, so it does not come in through the net cash flow in terms of transfer deposits, but where it does impact to net cash flow is the IRT block of business will show up in recurring deposits and it will show up and withdrawals. So back to that comment earlier about just the 30% plus increase in account values that we expect to see from last year to this current year will impact the dollar amount of withdrawals. Then to your question about, do we expect to see flat net cash flows what are we expecting to see for the remainder of the year. Certainly, we're very pleased with the results that we see in net cash flow for the first quarter and our remaining quarters the net cash flow that we see there will be dependent on if we're successful in winning additional large plans and there is some volatility to that, but we're certainly very positive about the first quarter and we believe that we'll see some lift in net cash flow as a result.
Dan Houston: Tom, did I get it done?
Tom Gallagher: It did. And just to be clear, where the bulk of those assets be showed in the roll forward in 2Q or 3Q?
Renee Schaaf: The retirement will show up in 2Q.
Dan Houston: The trusting custody would be in - go ahead. Please.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. The retirement business shows up in 2Q and then the trust and custody migration is slated for September.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Shanker of Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much for taking my question. If we go back a year ago and when people were embracing a COVID-19 mentality, where their shifts in the strategies that our people wanting PGI to use like you did certain funds see inflows other saw outflows. Are we seeing that again right now in the reopening and the change in outlook and does Principal have enough variety of strategies to embrace the needs of all its customers or do they have to go elsewhere?
Dan Houston: I would like to put the question for Pat and one that we've been discussing internally and with a great deal of fashion. So, Pat?
Pat Halter: Yes, thanks for the question. First, maybe just sort of set the stage a little bit, if you look at our mutual funds or ETF offerings. We have 80 offerings and around 36 of those are in four and five-star Morningstar-rated funds. So I think when it comes to our confidence and providing a strong diversified offering to any macro-environment that a client faces, I think we're very well positioned whether it was in March of 2020, whether it was April of 2021. And as you know, Josh, there has been significant rotation going on in the last two quarters. If you think about sort of the rotation in the fourth quarter starting from high-quality growth to low-quality growth, low-quality companies come into vogue cyclical, we've been able to continue to I think provide very strong. I think investment capabilities to that sort of the change in the equity markets. And then in terms of fixed income suite, we continue to have very strong capabilities in terms of people wanting yield yet but not wanting to be in treasuries and sovereign credit and take that interest rate exposure and have that hit. So I think we feel very good about our public listed utilities, and more pronounced, I think as we go forward, we feel very good about our private real estate capabilities and we are seeing a continued sort of increasing focus today, Josh, as we come out of this pandemic in terms of what investors are seeking in terms of alternatives and private asset classes and our private debt capabilities, our real estate capabilities seem to be gaining a lot of traction. That's probably the most noteworthy thing today in terms of post-COVID that we are seeing different versus maybe in the trust of the COVID in March of 2020. I hope that helps.
Josh Shanker: I think that's useful. I'll come back to join later and get a little more detail. I know you guys want to get more question. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes, thanks, Josh. Yeah, we'll dive into that as deep as you want to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Zionkowski of Barclays.
Tracy Zionkowski: Thank you, I know we're going to learn more in June about strategic priorities but I couldn't help, but notice that your guidance for the full-year capital deployment of $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion, including $600 million to $800 million of buybacks has not changed, but you did mention that credit drift expectations are now $100 million, down from $300 million. So I'm wondering if your capital deployment targets perhaps maybe still it can you see the potential raise of that in light of the healthier credit trajectory?
Dan Houston: Yes. Very good. It's a good question and one that obviously that we're talking about in conjunction with our strategic review. Let me ask Deanna to provide her thoughts here?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tracy, obviously the impact of the ongoing strategic review has some impact on whether we would increase our capital deployment outlook or change that as we go forward and I'd say, we'll continue to update that as we go forward, obviously, we were a little bit shy of a run rate that would get us to the forward 1.4 to 1.8 in the first quarter, but again, I'd say, we're still on pace to be within that. And then as we go throughout the next few months, we'll continue to work with our Board and the Finance Committee to determine how we think about our capital deployment plans for the remainder of the year and as those change will communicated at that time.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the question, Tracy.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS.
Mike Ward: Thanks guys, good morning. This is Mike Ward. Just on the proposed tax rate changes in the U.S. I was wondering if you had maybe any estimate on what could be your operating tax rate if the rate was taken up to 28% and on the same theme do you think changes in capital gains tax rates could impact demand for certain products across your platform. Thanks.
Dan Houston: Well, we're certainly evaluating all of the various tax proposals in there as you very well know, there is no decision has been made and we're looking at all of those as it impacts our business both here in the U.S. as well as international and other than planning for and looking closely at what the proposals are in, of course, we have our own efforts on Capitol Hill to lobby on behalf of Principal and our shareholders and our customers. And as part of the trades to get responsible tax policies, that does not hamper our ability to help our customers reach financial security. So any thoughts that we have would be pure speculation at this point. Deanna, do you want to add to that?
Deanna Strable: Yes, the only thing I would say is devil is in the details. And there's different impacts across us and if you went back to win the effective tax rate went down. You saw obviously some underneath elements of that, that didn't all translate into the effective tax rate and so again this - the headline rate but the devil is in the details of how some of the other components happen. I would also say that obviously, it can cause a re-measurement of our deferred tax liabilities as it did back with the last tax change and could have some potential change in required capital as the tax rate changes as well. And so again there statutory and balance sheet implications as well as just income effective tax rate that you discussed. So more to come as we find out more at this point, it's tough to know when it will happen and to what flavor it will actually look like.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Okay. Just real quickly, I would just simply say we feel really good about the quarter. There was clearly some recovery in the U.S. and Southeast Asia with regards to COVID, but businesses are opening back up again. And there is historically been low unemployment, which leads to in some cases, wage inflation, but what we see is hiring happening among small to medium-sized employers and large employers and so all of those macro events help drive propel our businesses. We feel good about the position that we're in and frankly feel very confident about the balance of the year. A couple of important dates our shareholder's meeting on May 18th at 9 o'clock in the morning Central and then. Although the time has not been set, we'll have our Investor Day on June 29th where we'll talk in more details with regards to our strategic review and we look forward to showcasing those for you, and in the meantime, we're going to continue to execute on our strategy and deploy capital in a responsible manner. So with that, have a wonderful day and thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time today until the end of the day, May 04, 2021, 7196888 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups fourth quarter and full-year 2020 conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Similar to last quarter, we posted an additional slide deck on our website with details on our U.S. investment portfolio and other supplemental details. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Pat Halter, Global Asset Management; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation. We would like to make you aware of two upcoming investor outreach dates. Our 2021 outlook call will be held on February 25th and were hosting our Investor Day on June 15th. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. I hope you and your family are healthy and well. This morning I will discuss key performance highlights for the fourth quarter and full-year 2020, our continued strong financial position and how we are well-positioned for long term growth with the right strategies in place. Deanna will follow with additional details of our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results, impacts from COVID, our capital and liquidity position, and details of our investment portfolio. 2020 was truly one for the ages, a global pandemic, as well as social and political unrest here and abroad. Bottom line, we dealt with these challenges head on and kept our promises to our customers and our employees. In 2020, we prioritize exceptional service to our customers, and employee safety above all else, just as we have throughout our 141-year history. In response to COVID, we waive fees on hardship withdrawals and granted premium concessions to support our customers, including individuals and businesses of all sizes, who found new and often creative ways to manage through this pandemic. We kept our employees safe, transitioning to remote work around the world. I'm extremely proud of our employees for maintaining excellent customer service and staying focused on our long-term objectives, such as integrating the Institutional Retirement and Trust business, and advancing our digital strategy that is yielding tangible benefits to our customers. As discussed on previous calls, we have less exposure to industries that have been impacted the most from COVID, including hospitality and travel. The strength and resolve of the small and medium-sized businesses we work within our U.S. retirement and insurance businesses, combined with our unique ability to serve them continues to be a differentiator for principle. Our SMB customers have been resilient and are leading the recovery. In our retirement business, full-year net cash flow for our SMB block were positive, and within our 1% to 3% of beginning of your account value guidance, and in group benefits and group growth turned positive in the fourth quarter, and it was even stronger in businesses with less than 200 employees. Starting on Slide 4, Principal delivered full-year 2020 non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.4 billion, excluding significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings were flat, compared to 2019. Higher fee revenue from increased AUM and account values, as well as ongoing expense management actions were partially offset by foreign currency headwinds, ongoing fee pressure, and lower sales. We continue to align our expenses with revenues. And our full-year results reflect nearly $250 million of benefits from our expense management actions. As some of the expense savings will naturally reset in 2021, we will remain diligent in managing expenses in-line with revenues. We ended the year in a very strong financial position with increased clarity and stability and the macro environment we restarted our share repurchase program with $75 million of buybacks during the quarter. Along with our consistent dividend, we were able to deploy just over $900 million to shareholders in 2020. Total company AUM increased $71 billion year-over-year or 10% to a record $807 billion at the end of 2020. This increase was driven by positive net cash flow, favorable market performance, and the migration of some of the IRT retirement business during the fourth quarter. PGI also closed the year with a record managed and sourced AUM, a $502 billion and $245 billion respectively. Full-year PGI sourced sales were record $56 billion, an increase of 30% from the prior year. This speaks volumes to the strength of our in-demand products and solutions. Our distribution teams, as well as our consistent investment performance. At quarter-end, performance were 83% of principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts, and collective investment trusts were above median for the one-year time period, 70% for the 3-year, 80% for the 5-year, and 91% for the 10-year. Additionally, for our Morningstar rated funds 74% of the fund level AUM had a four star or five star rating. This continued strong performance positions us well to attract retain assets going forward. Principal International finished 2020 with $165 billion of AUM. This was an increase of 6% on a constant currency basis, compared to year-end 2019. We achieved record AUM in Mexico, Hong Kong, and Southeast Asia in the fourth quarter. AUM and our China joint venture, which is not included in our reported AUM was $118 billion at year-end. China AUM, continued to be pressured by market trends. We are working diligently to address our customers needs by developing new product solutions, strengthening our investment process, harnessing our institutional client network, and growing our digital distribution network in China. For the full-year, total company net cash flow was a positive $14 billion, including $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, an outstanding result during a volatile and difficult year. PGI sourced net cash flow was a positive $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter, and $5.6 billion for the full-year, an increase of $4.8 billion from full-year 2019. PGI managed net cash flow of $2 billion for the full-year was driven by strong retail and institutional sales, along with positive general account cash flows. We continue to benefit from multiple distribution channels and client types through our general account, retirement, retail, and institutional clients that position us well as we move into 2021. RIS spread have $1.2 billion of positive net cash flow in 2020. Including $200 million in the fourth quarter, RIS spread had $900 million of opportunistic MTN issuances in the fourth quarter and $2.9 billion for the full-year, and pension risk transfer sales were $700 million in the fourth quarter and $3 billion for the full-year. RIS-Fee full-year net cash flow was a negative $300 million, largely driven by $2.8 billion of COVID-related hardship withdrawals.  Excluding these hardship withdrawals in 2020, RIS-Fee net cash flow would have been within our 1% to 3% of beginning of your account value guidance. Principal International generated net cash flow of $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, marking the 49th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flow. Full-year net cash flow was $4.2 billion with positive flows in Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Hong Kong, and Southeast Asia. This was a 20% increase on a constant currency basis, compared to full-year 2019. In Chile, quarterly net cash flow increased throughout 2020. And we had a record number of net new customers transferred to Cuprum during the year. Digital solutions continue to be a key to our strategy and drove strong business outcomes in 2020 as we make it easier for customers to do business with us. I'll now share some additional execution and business highlights starting with the integration of our IRT business. We continue to move customers over to our platform. The second successful migration occurred in December. Most importantly, client and participant feedback from the first two migration waves has been overwhelmingly positive. A majority of the IRT business is slated to migrate in the second quarter of 2021. And we anticipate the synergies to begin to emerge later this year, as we've previously discussed. We will provide additional details on the integration and expected synergies during our outlook call next month. We are one of the first to market with a uniquely designed pooled employer plan, [Principal ease]. Combining our integrated retirement plan administration, customer service, and investment management capabilities this paves the way for an unrelated employers to participate in a single pooled employer plan to get more people access to retirement benefits. In Individual Life, we received a record number of life insurance applications in 2020 as the pandemic increased awareness of mortality. For term, the number of digital applications tripled from the beginning of the year, and nearly all policies were delivered electronically. We strategically review our business portfolio to ensure alignment with our goals, expertise and client demands, choosing to enter or exit a business or product when it makes sense.  Yesterday, we announced we are exiting our retail investment and retirement business in India. While recent business results within our India asset management business have been improving, we did not have the scale needed to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Additionally, in Individual Life, we recently discontinued new sales of our lifetime guaranteed universal life products, a small portion of our overall block and the most interest rate sensitive. Both these actions are examples of our strategic focus and discipline. Our core values continue to guide our actions in 2020, as shown by some noteworthy third party recognition. PGI was awarded one of the best places to work in money management for the ninth straight year by pensions and their investments in 2020. Principal was included by Forbes in the list of best employers for women and best employers for diversity. We also earned a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's 2020 Corporate Equality Index, and Disability Equality Index. And we were named a 2020 Top company for executive women by Working Mother Media, our 20th time on this list. Principal also received the Corporate Innovation Award from Plug and Play in 2020. This distinct recognition is awarded to corporations that have demonstrated a commitment to expanding their innovation culture, and cultivating relationships with startups, other businesses, and thought leaders. Slide 22 highlights some of the progress we've made towards our long-term commitment to environmental, social, and governance efforts. ESG is becoming increasingly important to how we are viewed by our customers, investors, and partners, especially outside the U.S. We recently joined the United Nations Global Compact, the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative. Principal has also been recognized as a climate change leader with an A minus rating from Carbon Disclosure Project. 2020 presented many challenges. Our employees, customers, and communities have risen to these challenges. Last week, democracy prevailed with a transition of power in the United States. We urge unity and bipartisanship, as we continue to advocate on our customers behalf and promote policies that provide greater access to financial security. Guided by our diversified business model, winning strategy, strong financial position and core values we look forward to serving our customers, especially during the times they need us the most. Before I turn the call over to Deanna, I'd like to take a moment to personally thank Luis Valds, who has provided nearly 30 years of leadership and dedication to Principal. Luis passion for emerging markets, leveraging technology, and embracing local cultures and customs has contributed significantly to our international success. He also leaves a legacy of strong local teams and leaders, including Roberto Walker and Thomas Cheong. We couldn't be more happy for you, Luis and your family, and wish you the best in your well-deserved retirement. With that, let me turn it over to Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll discuss the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full-year, impacts from COVID, our current financial position, and details of our investment portfolio. COVID continues to impact our business and we've included additional details of the impacts in our conference call presentation again this quarter. While uncertainty remains on how the impacts will play out, most of the metrics we're tracking continued to trend better than we expected at the onset of the pandemic. Net income attributable to Principal was $473 million for the fourth quarter and $1.4 billion for the full-year. Quarterly net realized capital gains of $63 million included minimal credit losses of $3 million.  Reported full-year non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.4 billion or $4.94 per diluted share included $410 million in the fourth quarter or $1.48 per diluted share. Excluding the impacts of the actuarial assumption review and other significant variances, full-year non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.6 billion or $5.67 per diluted share were flat with and 2% higher than 2019 respectively. This included $401 million in the fourth quarter or $1.45 per diluted share, a solid end to an unprecedented year. Excluding significant variances the non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 16.7% for the fourth quarter, and 17.6% for the full-year within our 16% to 19% guided range. As shown on Slide 6, we had several significant variances during the fourth quarter. These had a net benefit to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $5 million pre-tax, $9 million after-tax, and $0.03 per diluted share. Pre-tax impacts included a $50 million benefit from higher than expected variable investment income from higher prepayment fees and alternative returns, a $15 million benefit in RIS-Fee from lower than expected DAC amortization due to the point-to-point increase in the equity markets. A net negative $32 million impact from COVID-related claims and other impacts in RIS-Spread and USIS, a negative $18 million impact in RIS-Fee from IRT integration costs, and a net negative $11 million impact in Principal International as $13 million of higher-than-expected encaje performance in Latin America was more than offset by a negative $24 million impact of inflation in Brazil.  Additional details of the Brazil inflation impact are available in the supplemental slides on our website. While volatile quarter-to-quarter both variable investment income and DAC amortization were relatively in-line with our expectations for the full-year. Slide 7 and 8 provide details of the COVID-related financial impacts we experienced in the fourth quarter, as well as the updated thoughts on potential impacts the pandemic could have on our business and our results in 2020. COVID-impacted fourth quarter pre-tax operating earnings by a net negative $32 million, including a negative $32 million impact in specialty benefits from claims and disability and group life, unfavorable dental and vision claims from continued pent-up demand, as well as the final month of the 10% premium credit, and the final personal protective equipment payments for our dental customers that ended in the fourth quarter, a negative [$15 million] impact from claims and individual life. These impacts were partially offset by a $15 million benefit from favorable reserve gains in RIS-Spread. Over the last nine months of 2020, COVID has negatively impacted total company non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings by a net $29 million. The fourth quarter direct COVID mortality and morbidity impacts in specialty benefits individual life and RIS-Spread netted to a negative $11 million after-tax impact, with approximately 140,000 COVID deaths reported in the U.S. during the quarter. This was slightly better than our COVID sensitivity of a $10 million after tax impact to earnings for every 100,000 U.S. COVID deaths due to more favorable reserve gains in RIS spread. In 2021, we're now estimating 300,000 U.S. COVID deaths, heavily weighted to the first half of the year. We continue to be comfortable with our current COVID sensitivity for earnings. A good sign of recovery immersion our group benefits business during the quarter, as in-group growth move positive by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. And this recovery is even better in businesses with less than 200 employees were in-group growth increase just over 1% double the rate of our entire block. In the retirement business, recurring deposits increased 7%, compared to fourth quarter 2019, improved from the 3% growth in the third quarter, another sign of recovery. Full-year participant withdrawals were 11% of beginning of your account values, and included $2.8 billion of COVID-related withdrawals. This was about 1 percentage point higher than we typically see. We had $800 million of COVID-related participant withdrawals in the fourth quarter, and 2.8 billion for the year. In Principal International, Chile passed the law in early December allowing participants to take another COVID hardship withdrawal. This negatively impacted fourth quarter AUM by $1.3 billion. To mitigate some of the overall revenue pressures we faced in 2020, we took action throughout the year to manage our expenses aggressively. Compared to our expectations at the beginning of the year, we reduced expenses nearly $250 million, including approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter. This impacted all businesses and contributed to resilient margins despite revenue pressures.  Excluding significant variances fourth quarter operating expenses were seasonally higher than the other three quarters like we see every year, but at a lower level. Fourth quarter was 5% higher than the average of the first three quarters, lower than the 7% to 10% that we typically see. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 index increased more than 11%, and the daily average increased 7%, compared to the third quarter and 15% from the year ago quarter, benefiting revenue AUM account value growth in RIS-Fee and PGI. Moving to foreign exchange rates, average rates improved again this quarter, but we continue to face headwinds, compared to a year ago. Impacts to fourth quarter pre-tax operating earnings included a positive $2 million, compared to third quarter 2020, a negative $8 million, compared to fourth quarter 2019, and a negative $56 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Excluding significant variances fourth quarter and full-year results were relatively in-line with or better than our expectations for most of the business units given the current macroeconomic environment. The following business unit comments exclude significant variances. Despite the challenging operating environment, the legacy business and RIS-Fee performed well throughout 2020. Compared to 2019, we saw growth in recurring deposits, low contract lapses, and growth in both plan count and participant count, all fundamentals that will fuel future growth. The margin for the legacy business ended the year strong at 33%. Total RIS-Fee full-year net revenue growth of 9% was slightly below our guided range primarily due to the reduction in the interest on excess reserves rate impacting revenue in the IRT business. Full-year IRT integration costs of $53 million were slightly lower than the $55 million to $65 million guided range. These were partially offset by a $19 million reduction in the earnout liability for a net $34 million impact. RIS-Spreads pre-tax operating earnings and margin for both fourth quarter and full-year benefited from favorable non-COVID related experience gains and growth in the business. PGIs full-year revenue growth of 3% was slightly below the guided range due to pressure on management fees from the volatility in markets early in the year. PGIs margin ended the year very strong and higher than 2019 at 38%, reflecting strong expense management.  Macroeconomics pressured Principal International throughout 2020. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation Principal Internationals full-year revenue increased 2% over 2019 with a 33% margin, especially benefits fourth quarter and full-year pre-tax operating earnings were impacted by unfavorable non-COVID related group life and disability claims. Keep in mind, both the fourth quarter 2019 and full-year 2019 benefited from very favorable claims. Turning to capital and liquidity on Slide 9, we ended the year in an even stronger financial position than we started. At the end of 2020, we had $2.7 billion of total company available cash and liquid assets. We had $2.9 billion of excess and available capital, including $1.8 billion at the holding company, more than double our target of $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations, $620 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio at the end of the year, estimated to be 440%, and $460 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. The RBC ratio remains elevated as we continue to expect impacts from credit drift and credit losses to play out. We expect the RBC ratio will move down toward our targeted 400% throughout 2021. Our non-GAAP debt-to-capital leverage ratio, excluding AOCI is low at 23.5%. Our next debt maturity of $300 million isn't until 2022, and we have a well-spaced ladder debt maturity schedule into the future. Despite the pressures and uncertainty over the last year, we remain in one of the strongest financial positions in our company's history. We have the financial flexibility and discipline needed to opportunistically deploy capital and manage through this time of economic uncertainty. As shown on Slide 10, we deployed more than $900 million of capital in 2020, with $229 million in the fourth quarter to common stock dividends and share repurchases. After a pause due to COVID and the resulting capital uncertainty, we restarted our share repurchase program in the quarter with 75 million of buybacks and have $775 million remaining on our current authorization. Last night, we announced a $0.56 common stock dividend payable in the first quarter, unchanged from the fourth quarter, and our dividend yield is approximately 4.5%. As shown on Slide 11, our investment portfolio remains high quality, diversified and well-positioned. And importantly, our investment strategy hasn't changed. A few takeaways: At the total company, we are in a $4.2 billion net unrealized gain position. This includes a $7.4 billion pre-tax net unrealized gain in our U.S. fixed maturity portfolio, which increased another $900 million during the fourth quarter as the impacts from a further tightening of spreads were partially offset by an increase in rates. The U.S. commercial mortgage loan portfolio average loan to value of 49%, an average debt service coverage ratio of 2.5x improved slightly from the third quarter. We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives and high risk sectors, and importantly, our liabilities are long-term. We have disciplined asset liability management, and we aren't forced sellers. The full-year impact from credit drift and credit losses were approximately $235 million, with $70 million in the fourth quarter in-line with the range given on last quarters call. This is significantly lower than the $400 million to $800 million range that we estimated at the start of the crisis. The estimated impact of credit drift and losses in 2021 is now $300 million, improved from the $400 million estimate in the third quarter. Our diversified and integrated business model combined with our financial strength and discipline served us well throughout 2020. Signs of recovery emerge late in the year across many of our businesses with growing momentum in November and December. Were optimistic heading into 2021, and will provide more details on our guidance for the year on our February 25 outlook call. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger : Hey, good morning. My first question was on capital deployment. Understanding we're still in the middle of the pandemic, but you clearly have a strong capital position. So, I was hoping you could comment on your capital management priorities once we start to emerge from the pandemic?
Dan Houston: Yeah, good morning, Ryan. This is Dan. And I'll ask Deanna to respond as she pointed out in her prepared comments. We've got a lot of runway remaining in terms of board authorization. Its 775 million. You also heard her comments as related to credit drift, and credit losses, and we find ourselves frankly, in a very favorable position. But as we have historically, we've always tried to take a very balanced approach for capital deployment. Deanna, you want to give some insights?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I'll start there where Dan ended, which is, you'll see us continue to be very balanced and disciplined relative to capital deployment. We obviously suspended our buyback in early March at the start of the market turmoil, but we did re-enter the market in fourth quarter with 75 million in purchases and more in the market currently today, as we sit here in the first quarter due to our strong capital position, as well as more certainty on our future impacts. At the February outlook call well reiterate our expected external capital deployment range for 2021, but I think bottom line where we have a very strong capital position, and all deployment opportunities and options are on the table.
Dan Houston: Ryan, do you have a follow-up?
Ryan Krueger: Yeah, just one on your comment Deanna that the RBC expect to trend down towards the 400% target, is that due to credit drift or excess dividends you expect to take out of the sub, or I guess, a combination of both?
Deanna Strable: It's probably a combination of both. You did hear us say on the prepared remarks that we do expect some impact from drift and impairments in 2021. Obviously, it's been a very unusual market cycle, given the support that the government has done in helping businesses through this. And  but again, we did lower even our 2021 expectation. Last quarter, we said [I was] expecting around, 400 million; this quarter, we're saying around 300 million, probably with a range of [200 to 500]. So, we do think there will be some impact, but we also expect that we will dividend out of the life company to the holding company. So, it'll be a combination of both.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Ryan, for the questions this morning.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is, in your prepared remarks, you talked about seeing positive signs of top line recovery with recurring deposit growth in RIS-Fee and in-group growth in specialty benefits, especially in the SMB market. Can you provide some additional color in terms of what you saw from your clients? And how confident are you that you have reached an inflection point?
Dan Houston: Yeah, you know, I was reflecting back, Humphrey you're asking that question. We used the term back in 2008 and 2009 as these green shoots, you know, the economy had drug on for so long, and it seems like we've gone through this cycle in frankly, a fraction of the time, although it was more intense. And to your point about recurring deposits, and in-plan growth, the returning of some employer matches, there are just a lot of green shoots within these small-to-medium sized businesses. We said in the prepared comments, that these SMB's have been incredibly resilient. And that's where, you know, we've got large exposure and we're very encouraged by that. So, we feel that there's fundamentally a very strong recovery in place, but I'll have Amy go first, and then Renee with some of those additional insights. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, sure. Humphrey, thanks for the question. I think where I'm seeing it the most, and again, you asked for a level of confidence that that will continue. I'm pretty confident that the small-to-mid size market is feeling pretty good about their positioning right now. Keep in mind, a lot of the areas where we provide benefits are not necessarily going to be in those harvested industries, like some of the recreation and tourism and travel and things like that.  We're going to be providing in things like knowledge, industries, and manufacturing and kind of those white and gray color industries. And really, the feedback we're getting from small business owners in those industries is that they are almost having a harder time finding staff for the positions that they have openings for. So, what we're getting from the small business industry is least in the ones where we have a deep and broad footprint is that we're going to see good growth.
Dan Houston: Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. Thank you very much for that question. And just to tag on a little bit. When we look at our pipeline, and we see how that's performed over the course of the last year, we did see that the pipeline took a significant decline as a result of COVID, early in the year. But the really positive news is that that pipeline has begun to rebound. And that's true for the small plan market, as well as for the mid and for the large. So that again showed some signs of strength and showed signs of recovery. With respect to the recurring deposits, when we look at the in-plant enrollment and the number of participants who are actually deferring, we did see that decline, of course, it reached its low point in May, but since then it just continued to climb back out. So, we're very nearly at the same level of in-plan deferrals that we would have seen one year ago, which is a very encouraging sign. And to Dan's point, we are seeing employers begin to reinstate matches, and those reinstatements are happening quicker with the small plan market. So, good signs all around.
Dan Houston: Humphrey, a follow-up.
Humphrey Lee: Yes. So my second question is for Luis related to Principal International, but before my questions, I would like to congratulate Luis on his upcoming retirement and wish him the best in his next chapter. So, my question is, the media reports suggested your partner in Brazil  [Banco do Brazil] is re-launching the [sale of] asset management business. So, I guess a two-part question. Does a potential sale have any impact on the operation of your JV partnership? And also, would you be interested in that business?
Dan Houston: Yeah, great question. And as you know, we have a very deliberate approach to capital deployment around acquisition that has to build on scale. It has to build on capabilities, or distribution. And one thing I'll say about Banco, they've been a great partner all of these years, and I don't think anybody in the organization, maybe Roberto Walker, but Luis knows them well, and so Luis do you want to frame a little bit about what our thinking is about what it's going to take to be successful and our thoughts on further acquisitions within PI?
Luis Valds: Sure, Dan. Humphrey good morning, and thanks for your best wishes. Two [things there] and continue with the same arguments that Ben put together. I'm not referring particularly to this particular opportunity that you have mentioned, but we're going to be always able to look in. We're going to be eager to look, every single opportunity that we might have in Brazil. Brazil is a very strategic country for us. Its the largest economy in Latin America, by far. Having said that, we are, as you know, out of U.S., we are pension experts, long-term saving experts and asset managers. So, we do have our own asset management platform in Brazil, any given opportunity that we might explore, including this one or any future one, we're going to pay a lot of attention to. Talking about Banco, we have a long runway with Banco in particularly to explore different ways in order to extend our partnership in Banco. So, I would say that in the years to come, more to come about Brazil. We're very eager about that country in particular.
Dan Houston: Appreciate the question Humphrey.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Good morning. First, just on the DC market, and you mentioned trends getting better in terms of deferrals and matches, but you have seen fairly high hardship withdrawals, what's your view on how that's going and when do you see that abating potentially?
Dan Houston : Yeah, Jimmy, good morning. And it's a great question. And I'll throw it to Renee. Just remember that the CARES Act had a lot of provisions within it that actually encouraged hardship withdrawals, those have now worn away. So, my guess is Renee can frame what her expectations are. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, thank you. And good morning, Jimmy. And as Dan just referenced, the CARES Act included a provision that allowed participants to access 401(k) funds without penalty for COVID-related financial hardships. And all it required was a simple signature. That particular provision sunsetted at the end of 2020. So, the COVID-related hardship withdrawals that we've been reporting on will now, they came to a stop at the end of 2020. We will, of course, continue to see normal hardship withdrawals for the plan, but normal hardship withdrawal requires a much more stringent evaluation. And so, we anticipate that hardship withdrawals will return to a more historic pattern, and will not be something that will likely need to comment on in the future.
Dan Houston: You know Jimmy [indiscernible]. 
Jimmy Bhullar: [Indiscernible] through the first third of the quarter then  through the first third of the first quarter in January?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. So, yes. Hardship withdrawals, by definition, came to a stop in the end of 2020. And so now, the hardship withdrawal pattern that we'll see going forward will be more closely aligned with the overall economic conditions. And again, we'll have a much more stringent definition for accessing those funds. If we see an uptick, it'll be relatively small, and probably will not be something that stands out with respect to our net cash flows.
Dan Houston: Do you have a second question, Jimmy?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yeah. Just on specialty benefits. So, as you went through last year, there were sort of patterns in your [loss trends], especially in the dental business where people were deferring care initially, and then you had to catch up and claim. Are you seeing any noticeable trends with the surge in COVID cases recently? And how do you expect margins to trend in the dental product through this year?
Dan Houston : Amy, please.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, thanks for the question. You know, I think just to say a couple things about fourth quarter. I think fourth quarter, we had thought things would normalize a little bit more and they did in terms of what we'd consider sort of a frequency or utilization metric. What didn't normalize in fourth quarter was severity. We don't talk about dental severity a lot, as much as we do on like a disability business, but those higher dollar procedures, so restorations, the fillings or the extractions, those were we saw a lot of activity, particularly in December, right at the end of the year. And so, what I'm expecting for 2021 is dental offices are open, people are going back and they're comfortable seeing the dentist. The dentist are comfortable offering good care using PPE, they've got their  they've got it down to a science in terms of their patient flow with the right safety measures put in place. So, my hope and expectation for 2021 is that we will begin to just simply normalize back to normal claim patterns for dental.
Dan Houston : Jimmy, you're poking around on this sort of macro economic recovery question, and I get that. One data point that I saw I thought was interesting was that the high watermark for unemployment benefit requests peaked out in May at 25.9 million requests. That number is now down to 4.8 million. So, significant reduction in the number of unemployment benefit request. And although that number is still higher than the pre-pandemic measure, it's down considerably. And my guess is that's going to tie directly towards growth in small-to-medium sized business. Hardship withdrawals, loans, etcetera. So, I wouldn't be surprised to see that significantly improved throughout the balance of 2021. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question on the margin in PGI was over 40% this quarter. I guess the highest I recall it being well above your target, is there something unsustainable about the margin at this level or whether anything unusual in the revenue side or should we expect a bigger increase in expenses relative to revenue growth as we roll into 2021?
Dan Houston: Well, all I know is we  Tim Dunbar retired and Pat Halter stepped in. And so Pat, can we count on higher margins from here? That's maybe my question for you.
Pat Halter: Well Tom, thanks for the message and vote of confidence Dan. I think the strong market performance Tom, obviously aided the strong fourth quarter. I think expense management, which I'll talk about in a minute also aided I think a strong fourth quarter, Wed also just had some really strong cumulative net cash flow that started to generate the additional revenue, and our alpha generation was very strong. So, it absolutely was a strong quarter in terms of margins. As you know, our long-term guidance right now is 34% to 38% margin second half of the year in the third quarter and fourth quarter were above 40%.  And so your question is a fair question, in terms of what we expect going forward. And we'll be talking more about that in the outlook call in February. But the margins definitely have been benefiting from the favorable markets, and from our expense controls. And we're going to continue to add, I think, a strong disciplined approach as we go forward in terms of trying to have good expense alignment with our revenue, and continue to produce good investment results, which obviously attracts the net cash flow.  From an expense perspective, Tom, I think, you know, we do have some seasonality coming up in the first quarter. As you recall, we usually have some payroll taxes and some long-term comp reconciliation that will probably have a little bit of impact on first quarter margins. We probably will have some additional expenses coming back through travel, if we see the vaccines developing as we see them, and we start to see our distribution teams get back on the road to see clients. And I think that's a positive in terms of potential for growth. And then obviously, we do have a reset in terms of some of the incentive compensation structures we have in the Asset Management Group. But we are going to continue on the expense side to invest, invest for growth, and that is a very important part of our expectations going forward too. So more to come on that Tom, but I feel good about where we're at right now.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Pat. Do you have follow up Tom?
Tom Gallagher: I do, Dan. Yeah, just similar question, but different directionally. RIS-Fee, we typically have a nice lift in margins when you go from 4Q to 1Q, I guess, seasonal spending patterns, but I know, there was a big push on expenses this year. So, we didn't see the big uplift in 4Q at least to the extent that we normally do. Would you still expect to see a bit  a pretty big drop in expenses, an improvement in margin and RIS-Fee when we roll into 1Q or will that be more muted than we normally see?
Dan Houston: Renee, you want to provide your thoughts there? And I know we'll have more to talk about in February on the outlook call.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Tom. With respect to the first quarter, we will see expenses of course reset. And so, I think that I don't anticipate that we're going to see expenses be anything out of line or out of pattern with what we have seen with previous first quarters or anything that's particularly unusual there. With respect to margins, and so now you're looking at the other end, you're looking at revenues. Revenues, of course, are impacted by the market. We've had a nice market performance so far in this quarter, but it still remains to be seen how that that really tracks for the rest of the quarter. Remember that with the IRT block of business, well see a little bit of pressure on that because of the anticipated lapse rates, which by the way are right in-line with our models, so nothing out of the ordinary there. So, we can get more into our outlook in the upcoming call, but I'm not seeing anything that's particularly remarkable or anything that's out of the ordinary with first quarter.
Dan Houston: Insights. Hopefully that helps Tom?
Tom Gallagher: It does. Thanks.
Dan Houston: All right, appreciate it. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you very much. First question. On the IRT integration, there was $150 million earnout potential if retention was better than thought that I guess would come at the two-year anniversary of when of the close, how is that transaction looking? And should we be considering modeling in a bit more acquisition costs for the transaction at the end?
Dan Houston: Yeah, I appreciate that question. I'll take that one quickly. There won't be an earnout. That earnout was structured around the belief from the seller that that it might be better than what our modeling suggested. We've got a little bit of experience and what we thought would transition. So, we've already completely included within our numbers the fact that there would not be an earnout, but as Renee suggested, our modeling, and what we had originally framed for investors, was that we likely would not end up having a better retention that would have generated in earnout to the seller. Do you have a second question Josh?
Josh Shanker: Yeah. Just want to understand what's happening in the term life sales department? This is obviously very successful first quarter maybe ever, and is that something we should consider being ongoing  an ongoing comp contributor, in terms of the numbers? I guess, is the fourth quarter anomalistic, I guess, and, or whatnot?
Dan Houston: Yeah, this was one of those good stories where we can not only talk about solid sales, but how technology that we've invested in, helps drive this business. So Amy, you want to help us there?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So, we are really glad we made the accelerated digital investment in term life straight through processing. So what that enabled us to do was, was really keep up with the demand. And some of the things we're doing with that straight through processing are the things you would imagine. We're trying to make sure it's really easy that as much of it can be done through some sort of an accelerated or simplified underwriting process, and that you can handle it all digitally. We've made that extension though to our distributors. So, it's not just a front facing customer. It's to our distributors and intermediaries that get to take advantage of this all the way through digital e-delivery of the policy. And so when I think of fourth quarter, fourth quarter was a little bit of a culmination of a whole bunch of business throughout the year and making sure we got it fully processed. So, I would say fourth quarter is probably a little bit overstated in terms of what we would think to model, but the market interest matched with our capabilities is very high for term life. So, I would continue to assume that that makes up a really healthy portion of our life sales growth.
Dan Houston: And Josh just on a technology side, I noted that there were 72% of the medical  all applications were done online, and 96% of the applications were delivered in an e-delivery format. So, really efficient operations within the life area. Thanks for the questions.
Josh Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. 
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I was hoping you could talk about the underlying earnings power for Principal International and some of the drivers there, I think thinking normalized earnings to 71 million this quarter and 76 million last quarter, but market levels and most of the currencies I think were favorable quarter-over-quarter. So, are there other dynamics we should be thinking about going forward?
Dan Houston : Yeah. I'm glad you asked that question, Erik. Because, you know, Luis has done an amazing job leading Principal International. And frankly, there's been just a lot of headwinds related to inflation encaje, there's been regulatory changes, there's been currency FX challenges, but every time you dig into these numbers, and you appeal it back and you look at the underlying fundamentals of these businesses around the world, they're quite extraordinary, and they're growing. And so, with that, Luis, you want to help frame this for us?
Luis Valds: Well, yes. Good morning, Erik and this is a great question. So, you're right. Weve pointed out a $76 million as our run rate in the third quarter. Now, we're much more comfortable saying that 71 is a better representation for fourth quarter. The main reason of that delta is China, you can activate $4 million of that delta to China and the $30 billion negative net customer cash flows that we had in money market funds in the third quarter. So the other Delta is additional expenses, mainly severance expenses that we incurred in Latin America that certainly more than offset the slight tailwind that we have for FX. So, there is a clear answer for your question. And if you allow me, we are working super hard in order to overcome the situation in China. We have had very interesting developments in different funds and increasing AUMs in different funds like equity funds by 16% for the whole year. We continue adding more products in order to better serve our customers. So, I'm positive about China, but still we have to overcome that particular good amount of negative net customer cash flow that we suffered in third quarter and [$5 billion] in the fourth quarter.
Dan Houston: One of the proof points in China, which I find pretty extraordinary back to technology. If you went back to the fourth quarter of 2019, we had 900,000 new digital equity customers. In other words, they didn't purchase a money market account. They purchased online an equity product. For the fourth quarter of this year, that number was 1.7 million new investors purchased an equity product through an online solution. So again, when Luis talks about the underlying value creation in China, we still think it's very much intact. Do you have a follow-up, Erik?
Erik Bass: Yes. Thank you. Maybe if we can switch to PGI, I was just hoping you could provide some more color around the flow trends at an asset class level. In particular, it looks like there's been a rebound in fixed income demand, but I think equity flows have softened after being really strong in the second quarter. So, I was just hoping if you could provide a little bit more detail there.
Dan Houston: Pat, do you want to help us there?
Pat Halter: Yeah. Erik, thanks for the question. One of the great things about our platform is, we offer a lot of choice. And we also offer a lot of value in terms of our alpha generation capabilities and being a global sort of a provider of that choice value, we see flows that vary from quarter-to-quarter. And I think this quarter was a strong quarter in fixed income. Prior quarters, we had strong quarters in things like real estate. And so my sort of take on all this is, we're going to continue to be very solution-oriented as a global asset management firm and provide choice. And my guess, there is enough money in motion throughout the world and our segments of the marketplace, retail, retirement, and institutional that [indiscernible] providing choice, I think we can capture that share in the marketplace. So, my guess, we will continue to see those asset classes shift a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, Erik, but we think we're well positioned both in fixed income, equities, and candidly alternatives. We think some of the opportunity again is a pickup in alternatives in our strength in real estate and we're starting to see some investor interest actually pick up globally in real estate again.
Dan Houston: So I think you're awfully confident about your key strategy as well, feeling that our method of investing aligns well with what consumer demand is today.
Pat Halter: Yeah. That's a great follow-up, Dan. We definitely are seeing more support from an investor base in ESG, it really started in Europe, it's really becoming global and it's really starting to take hold in the U.S. and all of our investment strategies in terms of investment approach processes and corporate ESG, I think we're well-positioned to have I think a great sort of flow of that capture in future also.
Dan Houston: Erik, thanks for the questions.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just looking at Slide 12 of your deck, you show that normalized RIS-Fee earnings are down about 11% year-over-year despite, you know pretty strong equity markets. It seems like the legacy business is performing well based on the margin, so it feels like a lot of this is the IRT business. So can you help us think through, how much of the pressure is related to the interest on excess reserves versus maybe some of what you're seeing in terms of shock lapses?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Lot of pressure on IOER. Renee, you want to help better understand this dynamic?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. And thank you for that question. When you look at the pre-tax operating earnings, fourth quarter 2020 over fourth quarter 2019 and you adjust  you take out the impact of the actuarial adjustment review. There are a couple of things that are impacting that. First off, of course market performance is a help and that definitely has a nice impact upward. It helps revenues, but that is offset then by lower revenues from deposits, as a result of the IOER reserve and that had about a $10 million negative there. Shock lapse also comes into play, but shock lapse is running right where we thought it would, when we originally did the model. So we're very pleased with the shock lapse and then of course there's just the normal fee pressures and fee compression that we see with this particular line of business. So when we look overall, we remain very positive on how this line of business is performing and how the fundamentals are unfolding and when we look at the IRT integration, we're really pleased with how this is positioning us for future growth. This acquisition has not only propelled us to be one of the top three retirement providers in the United States, it's also allowed us to leverage this transaction in this acquisition to add a number of different capabilities to our platform to serve plans of all sizes and it's given us considerable strength and presence in the large plan market. So, when we look ahead, we can see that the acquisition and the fundamentals of this business are very solid and we anticipate that we'll begin to see that unfold over the course of the next few quarters.
Dan Houston: I think, Suneet, you'll also see on the 25 of February, when we reset the metrics, we'll have our arms around the completion of the integration of the next few waves, which ends at the end of the second quarter. So I think you'll have really good measures and metrics and assumptions that you can use in your model after the outlook call. Did you have follow-up, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: I did. I did. Thanks for that. That was helpful. So, one of the things we're hearing from another player in the retirement space is that some of the fee compression is coming not just from competition, but from plans wanting to charge fees based on head count, not just AUM, as opposed to AUM. So, just curious if you're seeing that maybe some thoughts on is that a better model as companies try to rationalize expenses, charging based on head count as opposed to AUM?
Dan Houston: I don't think that's a new phenomenon, that's existed in the large case market for a very long time, but Renee, your thoughts there.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. So, we see a variety of different ways that plan sponsors want to charge fees or want to have fees charged to them rather. And as Dan mentioned in the smaller plan market that tends to be a little bit more based on assets, as you get into the larger market, it tends to be more based on participants and other activities or activity based. I think the point is though, is that we will remain flexible, we are flexible in how we do our pricing constructs, we're willing to work with plan sponsors to figure out ways that best reflect their plan objectives and it's just a normal part of the market and its something that we're used to dealing with.
Dan Houston: Seems like the nomenclature that's most commonly used, Suneet, in these finalist presentations as required revenue and we know what our margin targets are, we know what it takes to handle a more complex case, we know that the economics on a TR plan, which is about 50% of our new sales this past year are different and so there is always a revenue analysis that's set on any new piece of business that comes to the Principal. Appreciate the questions.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The final question is from Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Mike Ward: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks. This is Mike Ward on for Brian. Just had a question on the $250 million of expense reductions in 2020, certainly impressive result. Just curious if you had any sense of maybe how much you expect of that to recur in 2021 or might pick up a little bit?
Dan Houston: Yeah. So what we had said in our prepared comments of the $250 million, we thought we would have about 40% of that or about $100 million go-forward. But when we chat on the 25th, we'll certainly give you our outlook on expenses. Deanna, if you have anything else you'd like to add to that or not?
Deanna Strable: No. I think our numbers are tracking really close to what we talked about last quarter as well. So we ended the year at $250 million with $40 million of that happening in the fourth quarter. And if we compare 2021, current expectations on expenses to what we would have thought pre-crisis, it's down about 100, so that gets you that 40%, obviously our net revenue is down from what we would have anticipated, some of that is COVID-related. So our focus is really on aligning our expenses with our revenue, but those targets on revenue and margins will again reiterate at the upcoming outlook call.
Dan Houston: Mike, do you have a second question?
Mike Ward: Thanks. Yeah, just a high level strategy question. So, there has been an uptick in some M&A in the Life and Retirement Industry lately. Just wondering if you could maybe comment on how you view some of your insurance or underwriting risk businesses, I know these are complementary to much of your core franchise and some actually hedge some risk and spread business, but I'm wondering if you know maybe you might be more interested or less in evaluating opportunities today versus a year or two ago. Thanks.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mike. And as you could witness by our decision to divest ourselves of our business in India, we managed the portfolio, literally every quarter and we look closely at capital deployment. We do a risk analysis to understand what risk exist. We obviously just completed an actuarial review in the third quarter. So, when we look at our annuity block and life block, these are core to what we do. And to your point, they are complementary. They're strategically aligned.  Our business owner executive solutions, our deferred comp funding vehicles that are produced in large part out of the Life division are very helpful. Our customers are looking for us to provide guaranteed income in retirement. We want to be smart about how we price those features. These are balance sheet intensive businesses, but at the present time, we do use third party for reinsurance purposes and we evaluate options, but at the present time, we feel very good about our business model and how we finance it and the various component parts, but very much appreciate the question.
Mike Ward: Thank you.
Dan Houston: So with that, we'll bring  I'm sorry. Please, operator.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Sorry to beat you to the punch there. I was ready to go, I guess. And again, I appreciate Humphrey, your comments and shout out to Luis. Luis, thank you for just an extraordinary job. Luis will still be close by. He is going to remain our Chairman of the Board of Principal International for the next couple of years. He will be available to us to help in our relationships with joint venture partners. He'll be a great sounding board for Roberto and Thomas and certainly be very helpful to me, as we continue to expand and grow our international presence. I know this quarter had a lot of noise, I read your write ups. I think in the midst of a global pandemic, you're going to get a lot of noise. We try to be incredibly transparent with you. As investors, we want you to be well-informed with what our thinking is. We look forward to having deeper conversations with the outlook on the 25 of February, but certainly appreciate your support. So with that, we'll bring the call to an end. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day, February 4, 2021. 488-6533 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers.  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups third quarter 2020 conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Similar to last quarter, we posted an additional slide deck on our website with details of our U.S. investment portfolio. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. We would like to make you aware of two upcoming investor events. We're changing the timing of our outlook call from December to February 25th. Additionally, we plan to host our 2021 Investor Day on June 15th next year. More details of both events will be shared in the future. Dan? 
Dan Houston : Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. I hope you and your family are staying healthy and well. This morning I'll provide an update on how Principal continues to respond to COVID-19 and its impact on our business. I'll discuss key performance highlights for the third quarter, our continued strong financial position and how we are well-positioned for long-term growth with the right strategies in place. Deanna will follow with our third quarter financial results, including the financial impacts from our annual actuarial assumption review and COVID, details of our capital and liquidity position, and an update on our investment portfolio.  Safety of our employees and customers remains a top priority. While most of our employees continue to effectively work remotely, we're gradually welcoming some back into our offices around the world. We're extremely pleased on how effective and flexible our employees have been in this remote work environment, while maintaining excellent customer service. Our investments in technology, digital solutions over the last several years continues to pay off and allow for a seamless transition. COVID has had an impact on the retirement and group benefits landscape with both employers and employees recognizing the need for benefits that protect the health and well-being of both individuals and their families. This has magnified the role employer benefits play in attracting and retaining top talent, especially within small to medium sized business community. Last quarter, I mentioned that the impact COVID is having on our customers was less about the size of the business and more about the industry they operate in. This continues to be true. We remain well-diversified by geography and industry, and we're less exposed to industries most impacted. The pandemic has certainly created some unique opportunities and challenges for Principal. Our integrated and diversified business model remains resilient. I'm confident that we're in the right businesses with the right teams in place, and we will continue to make investments to create long-term shareholder value. Moving to the third quarter highlights on Slide 4, weve reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $235 million. Excluding the impacts of the actuarial assumption review and other significant variances, which Deanna will discuss, non-GAAP operating earnings of $417 million increased a strong 10% compared to a year ago quarter. The increase was driven by higher revenue from increased AUM and disciplined expense management partially offset by foreign currency headwinds. At the end of the third quarter, we remained well-capitalized with $3.4 billion in available cash and liquid assets and $2.6 billion of excess and available capital. Were positioned to execute on the right opportunities that will enable Principal to grow and create long-term shareholder value. Compared to the second quarter, total company AUM increased nearly $30 billion or 4% to $731 billion at the end of the third quarter. This increase was driven by both positive net cash flow and favorable market performance. We closed the quarter with a record PGI managed AUM a $468 billion and record PGI sourced AUM of $226 billion. This continues to highlight the strength of our investment performance and our in-demand products and solutions. AUM on our China joint venture, which is not included in our reported AUM, declined 16% during the quarter to $120 billion. This decline was primarily due to the industry trends in China to move investments out of money market funds in light of the low interest rate environment. Through the first nine months of the year, total company net cash flow was a positive $11 billion, including $2 billion in the third quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, net cash flow of $18 billion increased from $7 billion in the year ago period. Principal International generated $1.8 billion of net cash flow and marked its 48th consecutive positive quarter driven by positive flows in Brazil, Southeast Asia, Chile and Hong Kong. This is an extraordinary feat given the significant macro headwinds in emerging markets. RIS-Spread reported net cash flow of $500 million, due in part to another strong quarter of opportunistic MTN and GIC issuances. RIS-Fee had negative $1.8 billion of net cash flow in the quarter, primarily due to continued COVID hardship withdrawals, lower sales and pressure on growth and recurring deposits. This also impacted PGI managed net cash flows, where we managed a portion of the retirement assets. PGI sourced net cash flow was a positive $1 billion driven by our diversified products that continue to have strong performance, as well as multiple distribution channels and client types.  Our investment performance remains strong. At quarter end 73% of Principal Funds and ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for the one year, 77% above median for three year, 76% were above median for five year and 91% above median for 10 years. Additionally for Morningstar rated funds 74% of the funds level AUM had a four or five star rating. This continued strong performance positions us well to attract and retain assets going forward. Combined with positive net cash flow, this is a testament to the great work our teams have been doing to create in-demand products and leverage our digital investments.  I'll now share some additional execution and business highlights starting with the integration of the IRT business. Despite working remotely, our teams have successfully started to migrate the core IRT retirement business to our platform. The migration of the retirement plans will continue through the summer of 2021. Importantly, the strategic and cultural fit are confirmed and showing benefits already. The revenue and expense synergies are also confirmed, though delayed, with the expense synergies expected to be 50% higher than originally modeled. These benefits will help mitigate the impact from the reduction in the interest on excess reserve or IOER rate on deposit revenue. These financial benefits will start to emerge after the Transition Services Agreement unwinds in the summer of 2021.  Our increased scale and access to the consultant in large market channels have doubled the volumes of created pipeline in the large plan segment. This pipeline is coming from distribution channels we haven't previously had access to. The combined platform we built offers enhanced capabilities for not only our new IRT customers, but also our existing and prospective clients as well. We are extremely excited about the IRT business and the benefits it will provide throughout the organization and all of its segments, small, medium and large plan markets. From a digital perspective, our Principal mobile app remains a top rated app in the retirement industry with more ratings and actionable feedback than our competitors.  We also launched Simply Retirement by Principal, a new all-digital 401(k) solution that helps small business owners and their financial professionals build retirement benefit programs in a matter of just a few hours. Simply Retirement features competitive pricing, our industry-leading digital on-boarding experience and tools to make it easy to administer. In individual life we've seen continued adoption of our term life digital self-service tool, Principal Life Online, one of the first fully digital experiences in the industry. Since January, we've had 47,000 applicants utilize this tool. By leveraging our digital application tools, and investments in underwriting automation, about a third of our underwriting approvals can be completed with less than 10 minutes of underwriting time.  In Chile, Cuprum recorded highest net transfer rate of new customers since our acquisition of Cuprum in 2013. The new customer growth is driven by Cuprums easy-to-use digital solutions as well as our investments in direct consumer and cloud capabilities. All of which have helped make our transactions simple for our customers.  We've enjoyed some noteworthy third-party recognition during the third quarter as well. In our Global Asset Management franchise we received recognition for our ESG efforts from the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investing or UNPRI. PGI received an A plus overall approach rating, and Principal Real Estate Investors received an A plus rating for the 4th consecutive year, both the highest rank awarded. Principal was recognized by Financial Advisor IQ Service Awards as a Top Three Record Keeper for an excellent advisor experience. U.S. News & World Report again named Principal to its list of Top Life Insurance Companies, and CNET named Principal, the Best Overall Life Insurance Company for 2020. In PI, BrasilPrev was recognized by Isto  Dinheiro Magazine as the Best Insurance Company in Financial Sustainability, Innovation, Quality and Social Responsibility. They've been performing an annual analysis for the last 16 years. Before I turn the call over to Deanna, I'd be remiss if I didn't recognize the upcoming retirements of Tim Dunbar and Julia Lawler. I'd like to thank Tim and Julia for their unwavering commitment to Principal over the last 35 years. They've been tremendous individuals, leaders and professionals over the years and our organization would not be the same place today without them. I, along with so many others, will miss them personally and professionally. We wish you both the best in your well-deserved retirement. That said, Pat Halter and Ken McCullum are in place to now carry the torch as we continue our journey as an ever-evolving and growing global financial services organization. Deanna?
Deanna Strable : Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll discuss the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter, including details of our actuarial assumption review, impacts from COVID, our current financial position and details of our investment portfolio. COVID continues to impact where and how we do business, and we've included additional details of the impacts in our conference call presentation again this quarter. While uncertainty remains on how the impacts play out over the next year or so, many of the metrics we're tracking continue to trend better than we expected at the onset of the pandemic. Third quarter net income attributable to Principal of $236 million included net realized capital gains of $2 million with manageable credit losses of $17 million. Reported net income reflects a negative $187 million impact from the assumption review and other significant variances. We reported $235 million of non-GAAP operating earnings in the third quarter or $0.85 per diluted share. Excluding the impacts of the assumption review and other significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings of $417 million or $1.51 per diluted share increased 10% and 12%, respectively, compared to the third quarter of 2019. As shown on Slide 4, we had several significant variances during the third quarter. These had a net negative impact to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $233 million pre-tax, $182 million after-tax and $0.66 per diluted share. Pre-tax impacts included a net negative $142 million impact as a result of the assumption review, primarily due to lowering our interest rate assumptions; a net negative $48 million impact from COVID-related claims and other impacts in our RIS and USIS businesses; a negative $17 million impact in RIS-Fee from IRT integration costs; a negative $14 million impact from lower-than-expected variable investment income in Specialty Benefits, Individual Life and Principal International; and a negative $12 million impact in Principal International from lower-than-expected encaje performance in Latin America and lower-than-expected inflation, primarily in Brazil. Slide 7 and 8 provide additional details of the significant variances by business unit and income statement line item. Looking back, significant variances negatively impacted third quarter 2019 reported non-GAAP operating earnings by $41 million pre-tax, $34 million after-tax and $0.12 per diluted share. This year's assumption review was primarily impacted by economic and experienced assumption changes. The most significant impact was the result of updating our interest rate assumptions. We lowered our long-term 10-year Treasury rate assumption by 75 basis points to 3.25%. In addition, the starting point dropped more than 130 basis points from this time last year. Experienced assumption changes primarily included updates in RIS-Fee and Individual Life. Individual Life had an unfavorable impact from updated mortality and premium assumptions. This was partially offset by a favorable impact in RIS-Fee from updated mortality and withdrawal assumptions in our variable annuity business. As a reminder, the SECURE Act changed the required minimum distribution age from 70.5 to 72 years of age, meaning annuitants can take their withdrawals later. We expect these changes will decrease pre-tax operating earnings in Individual Life by $4 million to $5 million per quarter and have an immaterial impact in the other business units. We'll be finalizing statutory results during the fourth quarter, including the impact of these updated assumptions as well as our annual asset adequacy testing. We expect this capital impact to be manageable. Turning to macroeconomic factors in the third quarter. The S&P 500 Index increased more than 8%, and the daily average increased 13% compared to the second quarter and 12% from the year ago quarter, benefiting revenue, AUM and account value growth in RIS-Fee and PGI. Moving to foreign exchange rates. Average rates improved during the quarter, but we continue to face headwinds compared to a year ago. Impacts to third quarter pre-tax operating earnings included a positive $5 million compared to second quarter 2020; a negative $16 million compared to third quarter 2019; and a negative $53 million on a trailing 12-month basis. For the business units, third quarter results, excluding significant variances, were largely in line or better than expectations given the current macroeconomic environment. The legacy business in RIS-Fee continues to perform well given the current operating environment. Excluding significant variances, the margin for the legacy business was nearly 35% in the third quarter and reflects strong expense management and equity market tailwinds. Slides 9 and 10 provide details of the COVID-related financial impacts we've experienced in the third quarter, as well as updated thoughts on potential impacts the pandemic could have on our business and our results in the future. Third quarter pre-tax operating earnings were impacted by a net negative $48 million including a negative $42 million impact in Specialty Benefits, primarily from a 10% premium credit for our dental customers, claims in group life and group disability, as well as unfavorable dental and vision claims from pent-up demand that partially offset some of the positive impact from the first half of the year, a negative $8 million in RIS-Fee from waived fees for participant hardship withdrawals, and a negative $2 million impact from claims in Individual Life. These impacts were partially offset by a $5 million benefit from favorable mortality in RIS-Spread. In total, our third quarter direct COVID mortality and morbidity impacts in Specialty Benefits, Individual Life and RIS-Spread netted to a negative $3 million after-tax impact with slightly more than 80,000 COVID deaths reported in the U.S. during the quarter. Our third quarter impact was lower than our COVID sensitivity of a $10 million after-tax impact to earnings for every 100,000 U.S. COVID deaths, primarily due to lower than assumed claims in Individual Life. We believe this was normal volatility and are still comfortable with our sensitivity. We're continuing to monitor several other key indicators to gauge potential future financial impacts from COVID and the related market volatilities. In the Retirement business, the trends we saw in second quarter for both plan sponsor and participant behavior continued in the third quarter. Participant withdrawals remained elevated during the quarter, partially due to $1 billion of COVID related withdrawals which we waived fees on through September. We continue to expect full year total participant withdrawals to be approximately 11% of beginning of year account value, about 1 percentage point higher than we typically see. While we continue to see growth in recurring deposits compared to a year ago, growth is muted as participants making deferrals remain lower due to layoffs and furloughs. In group benefits, as I discussed on last quarter's call, the number of lives covered under our existing plans is a good indicator of employer behavior. While overall covered lives decreased 1.2% during the quarter, we saw growth in September in certain industries and regions, a sign of recovery for some sectors. And we're seeing continued improvement so far in October. In Individual Life, while sales are down overall due to our concentration in the business market, we continue to see an increased interest in term life insurance. Application volume is up nearly 140% compared to a year ago, due to increased awareness on mortality and our enhanced digital capabilities and digital distribution. In Principal International, Chile passed a law in July, allowing participants to take COVID hardship withdrawals. This negatively impacted our AUM levels by $1.4 billion. To mitigate some of these pressures, we have a strong history of effectively managing our expenses in line with revenue during times of uncertainty and market volatility. Compared to our expectations at the beginning of the year, we've reduced expenses nearly $200 million year-to-date, including more than $100 million in the third quarter. This is spread across all businesses and contributing to resilient margins despite revenue pressures. For full year 2020, we continue to expect our actions will reduce expenses by approximately $250 million relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year. As a reminder, fourth quarter compensation and other expenses are typically 7% to 10% higher than other quarters due to seasonality of certain expenses like marketing and IT. We expect to be at or below this range in fourth quarter this year. Turning to capital and liquidity on Slide 11. Our financial position remains strong and improved from last quarter. We ended the quarter with $3.4 billion of total company available cash and liquid assets. And we had $2.6 billion of excess and available capital, including $1.6 billion at the holding company, double our target of $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations, $500 million of available cash in our subsidiaries and $480 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio at the end of the quarter, estimated to be 431%. The RBC ratio remains higher than our target due to uncertainty in the timing and impact of credit drift and credit losses. We continue to expect the RBC ratio will trend down to our targeted 400% over time. Our non-GAAP debt-to-capital leverage ratio, excluding AOCI, is low at 24%. Our next debt maturity of $300 million isn't until 2022 and we have a well-spaced ladder debt maturity schedule into the future. Despite the pressures of the current environment, we remain in one of the strongest financial positions in our company's history and we have the financial flexibility and discipline needed to opportunistically deploy capital and manage through this time of economic uncertainty. As shown on Slide 12, we deployed $154 million of capital in the third quarter for common stock dividends. We plan to restart share repurchases either in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of 2021. While uncertainty remains, we continue to be in a strong financial position. We're starting to have enhanced clarity and stability in the macro environment and the range of possible outcomes is narrowing. We have $850 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. Last night, we announced a $0.56 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, unchanged from the third quarter, and our dividend yield is approximately 5%. As shown on Slide 13, our investment portfolio remains high-quality, diversified and well-positioned. And importantly, our investment strategy hasn't changed.  A few takeaways. At the total company, we are in a $3.7 billion net unrealized gain position. This includes a $6.5 billion pre-tax net unrealized gain in our U.S. fixed maturity portfolio, which increased another $1 billion during the third quarter as spreads continued to tighten. The U.S. commercial mortgage loan portfolio average loan-to-value of 50%, and average debt service coverage ratio of 2.6 times did not change from the second quarter. We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives and high-risk sectors. And importantly, our liabilities are long-term. We have disciplined asset liability management, and we aren't forced sellers. Year-to-date, we've experienced $165 million of credit drift and credit losses with $50 million in the third quarter. Our outlook for 2020 continues to improve. And we're now expecting $200 million to $300 million of drift and losses for the full year. This has improved from the $300 million to $500 million range estimated on the second quarter call and $400 million to $800 million that we estimated at the start of the crisis. Using the global financial crisis as a guide, we're expecting additional credit drift and credit losses to emerge beyond 2020. Economic impacts from the pandemic have been delayed due in part to the large and unprecedented global government, fiscal and monetary stimulus programs. We're currently estimating approximately $400 million of credit drift and credit losses in 2021. We continue to monitor the situation closely, and we'll provide updates on future calls. In closing, COVID and the related market volatility are certainly impacting our business, our employees and our customers, but we're managing through these unprecedented times. We're being prudent with both expense management and capital preservation in order to mitigate impact and be prepared as the impacts play out. Our diversified and integrated business model continues to serve us well and our financial strength and discipline positions us well to navigate this crisis. As John mentioned at the start of the call, we'll host our 2021 Outlook Call on February 25th. And we're looking forward to connecting with many of you at our 2021 Investor Day in June next year.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee : The first question for Deanna. You mentioned about you plan to resume share repurchase either in the fourth quarter of this year or first quarter of next year. I guess, like what factors do you need to see before you decide to do this in the fourth quarter, into the first quarter?
Deanna Strable : Yes. Thanks, Humphrey, for the question. As you mentioned, we did say in the prepared remarks that we continue to be in a very strong capital position. And we have, every quarter, gotten increased clarity on the range of potential path forward with reduced expected impacts from drift and impairments. As you said, we mentioned that we'll either restart share buybacks in the fourth quarter or first quarter. I'd say based on what we know today, I think there is definitely a path to additional capital deployment in fourth quarter. But I also think you can agree that uncertainty exists, whether that be uncertainty around market volatility. Obviously, what we saw yesterday showed some pretty significant pressure, uncertainty around the stimulus package and how that may impact some of our businesses as well as uncertainty around COVID impacts and how those could play out. And we want to be prudent and not ignore some of that volatility that is out there. But I think, bottom-line, we have a strong capital position and all deployment options are currently on the table.
Dan Houston: Humphrey, do you have a follow-up?
Humphrey Lee : Yes. So clearly, for the third quarter, expense was a good story with expenses efficiency, it continues very strong. But I think there's some amount of that may not recur. And even for the fourth quarter, there seems to be a little bit less benefits than the third quarter. Just can you talk about like what level of the expense savings would be sustainable? And then especially how we think about -- as you kind of emerge from the pandemic and what are the efficiency could be retained going forward as opposed to some maybe coming back, given just some of the expenses being suspended expenses?
Dan Houston: Humphrey, I'll throw this to Deanna quickly, but I just want to be on the record to remind you, we have had a history of aligning our expenses with revenues consistently. I think the fact that we could identify $250 million this year was exemplary and a good indication that the team is really on board doing the right thing. Having said that, we are going to work. And we've made good investments. Our digital transformation is still very much intact. We're transitioning the IRT business over. And so we fully intend to have a similar approach to 2021. But I'll throw it to Deanna to provide some more detail.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Humphrey, what probably would help is if I give you a little bit of color on the 2020 expense actions, and then view into fourth quarter as well as 2021. So again, we continue to reiterate, as we did last quarter, that we expect about $250 million from what we anticipated coming into the year, and we've experienced probably about $200 million of that materialize through the end of the third quarter. That does ignore any adjustments to variable expenses that naturally flow with revenue changes, such as investment management fees, bonus pools and alike. We think about half of that reduction is what we would call staff-related expenses, so that can come from lower incentive comp, lower benefits, reduced hiring, as well as salary actions that we took earlier in the year. And the remainder is non-staff related. So that's where your travel, your contracting, consulting spend, advertising spend would come in. If you take the -- we had $200 million year-to-date, $250 million. You're correct that some of that, third quarter, we think will be the high point of that expense management. But we actually do still see that some of this persists in the fourth quarter as well as into 2021. Just a reminder that we do have seasonality that always causes fourth quarter expenses to be higher and we do think that will be somewhat muted, but we still expect that to be -- show that seasonality as we go into fourth quarter. As we think about 2021 and I think about what is causing and leading to the expense management picture that we have, you're correct, some things will reset. Probably the perfect examples of those is incentive compensation and salary levels. But other items like staffing and travel will increase, but at a lower level than what we would have anticipated pre-crisis. And so if I kind of do the exercise, the same way I calculated the $250 million, which is how do we think 2021 expenses will look relative to what we would have thought pre-pandemic? they're about down about $100 million from what we would have expected. So that implies that about 40% of that $250 million remains as we go into 2021 and that some items will reset at the beginning of the year, and others will trend up as we go throughout the year.  This is an early look at expenses for 2021. And obviously, we've had a lot of volatility in revenue over the last 6 months. So we'll continue to evaluate, we'll continue to refine. And our ultimate aim is to align expenses with revenue and ultimately generate the targeted margins that we've shared with you and the investors.
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge : Sales volume year-over-year in Specialty Benefits actually got worse sequentially. Can you provide any color on that? Is it small business related, social distancing related? And how do you think of it going forward?
Dan Houston : Yes, great question. And in the midst of a global pandemic, we've certainly seen sales across our small and medium-sized business get impacted, both RIS as well as SBD. But Amy has got some additional insights and thoughts maybe about the future. Amy?
Amy Friedrich : Sure. John, good to get the question from you. I think the way to think about it is less about sort of how we -- how our sales process works and more about just overall people's decision-making, about employers putting in new benefits. So what I would say is, when I look at that sales volume moving down, people are interested. What we're hearing from small employers and midsized and large alike is they're interested in protection coverages. Just to do the work to set up a new plan, though, they've kind of held on that a little bit.  Now what I would say is we're seeing the pipeline begin to grow, back up on that. And it's particularly relevant for some of the protection based coverages like life and disability. We're actually seeing some interest emerge first in our voluntary coverages. And the piece, I guess, I would always put that provides really nice balance on that is persistency. Our persistency numbers, which I would argue, are already really strong, got even stronger. So when I look at the things that are happening with sales and I balance that out with the persistency activity, I feel really good about what we're seeing in terms of overall premium levels for the business.
Dan Houston : And Amy -- and before John gets to a second question, maybe a little bit of thought. I mean, we've seen life insurance sales actually go the other direction. And again, the sentiment of the marketplace. So maybe just touch on that before we go to the next one.
Amy Friedrich : Yes. I think when we think about the life business, term life interest, and Dan, you noted this in your comments, has been incredibly strong. I think there's both in understanding that people need protection, maybe more than they were understanding that before. And also, I think it's a nod to the fact of the investments we've made in our straight-through processing are really paying off. So when we look at our term life business and we look at the experience that you can have on that term life business, that is industry leading. The place where we're seeing a little bit of holding in terms of making sales decisions is probably more aligned with our executive variable UL business, which is really aligned with our NQ business. So we're seeing the same pattern of some employers saying they kind of held off on making some decisions second and third quarter, and we're seeing that pipeline begin to pick up as well.
Dan Houston: John, do you have a follow-up?
John Barnidge : Yes, thanks. The decline in the AUA in RIS, I know there was a low fee legacy client that was exiting. How much of that decline is from that and how much remains?
Dan Houston : Yes, it's a great question and one that Renee can address head on. Renee?
Renee Schaaf : Yes. Thank you for the question, John. When you look at the AUA, as you noted, when we acquired the block of business, we understood that there was a large legacy client, a trust and custody client that was slated to leave. And so we have recognized probably 80% of the withdrawals from that client with the rest slated to go out over future quarters. But the other thing to note, we were aware of this at the time of the transaction and the revenue impact of this particular client was small.
Dan Houston : Yes. Well, the persistency, John, on the block, is about what we expected from the initial pricing, adjusting for this large withdrawal. The other thing noteworthy, although, we didn't break it out, we've actually added a fairly large well-known Fortune 50 company where they awarded us business in that same period of time. So we're open for business as it relates to that trust and custody business. So we feel good about it. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger : When you originally announced the Wells IRT deal, you talked about a 28% to 32% margin, I think, by the end of 2022. With the additional expense saves you're expecting and then the lower interest rate outlook, I guess, do you still think you can get to that level? And do you have a sense of when you may get there now?
Dan Houston : Yes. Great question. And all very relevant as you think about it. I mean we are transitioning a massive block of business over in the midst of a pandemic, and interest rates have moved the wrong way. And I again applaud the team for the synergies they've been able to realize thus far and process the necessary work. Renee, do you want to frame what you think, best thinking right now as it relates to long-term profitability on margin and growth?
Renee Schaaf : Yes, absolutely. So when I step back and when we look at this acquisition, we remain very pleased with how the business is performing and how the integration is going. And of course, it starts with that great strategic fit. This reinforces our standing as a top 3 retirement provider. It positions us for future growth, a really strong cultural fit as was noted in the prepared remarks. And the other thing that we can see is that expense synergies and the financial fit continues to remain a very good picture.  So when we look at the expense synergies, in particular, right after we closed on this block of business, we made a very important strategic decision, and that was to migrate to a single IT platform as quickly as we could. And to combine the best applications from WySTAR with the Principal applications so that we could introduce enhanced capabilities across the board, both to IRT customers as well as to Principal customers. What this meant, though, was that we delayed the transition of the clients over from IRT to Principal. What it allows for, though, is that client retention is right on track. And we know that we can create a very smooth and seamless transition for our clients. And that was demonstrated in the first wave migration that occurred a couple of weeks ago. It was incredibly smooth and very seamless for both plan sponsors and for participants alike. But as we go through this migration, and the migration for the retirement side will be completed in June of next year, we can see that the expense synergies that we had originally modeled, we believe we can exceed those by about 50%. We'll begin to see expense synergies emerge in the summer -- next summer, and we'll continue to increase throughout the latter part -- portion of next year. And we'll continue to drive towards a mature synergy, expense synergy run rate throughout '22 being realized in '23. So the good news is, is that the critical decisions that we made early on are paying off. They're delayed, but we can see that the expense synergies will be greater.
Dan Houston : So Renee, just to hit it specifically on Ryan's question, the 28 to 32. If you think about the offset of the IOER with the improved synergies, it's probably well -- it's within that range. We wouldn't adjust the range at this point.
Renee Schaaf : No, that would be -- the range remains intact.
Dan Houston : Okay. Ryan, does that help?
Ryan Krueger : It does. And then I just had 1 quick follow-up. Are you seeing dental utilization, I guess, normalize now? I mean are you expecting it to be more typical in the fourth quarter?
Dan Houston : Well, it couldn't get any more untypical than the last 2 quarters. But yes, we think that on a trailing 12-month basis, it's going to come in line. Amy, any closing comments there?
Amy Friedrich : Yes. No, I think we're seeing it begin to normalize. Keep in mind that fourth quarter, we would have seen people moving through their benefits. So fourth quarter typically had a really low seasonal utilization. I would say we're going to go back to normal, but it might feel more like mid-year normal in terms of normalization. So we're seeing it normalize. Some of the pent-up demand has been exhausted and we would expect fourth quarter to be more of a normal pattern of dental utilization.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Deanna, I just wanted to start with the assumption review. If we go back to last year's review, I think you changed the grade up period from 10 years to 7 years. And I believe, this quarter, you're kind of going back to 7 years. So I'm curious why that changed. And if you didn't change it back to 7 years, would the charge or the ongoing impact -- those disclosures that you gave us earlier in the call, would those have changed dramatically?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Suneet, thanks for the question. So yes, you're correct. So last year's review, we would have hit a 4% Treasury in 2029. And at this year's review, we are seeing 3.25% in 2027. So it's a 2-year change in that cycle. What I'd say is that it's not an exact science. There are many inputs that we look at. We talk to our economists. We look at peer perspectives as well as other external perspectives. And I think the fact that we're getting to a lower ending point made us comfortable that getting there in 2027 made sense. To get to your second question, when we look at the total impact from interest rates, which was about $85 million of the $114 million after-tax impact, we think about two-thirds of that is from the reduction in the starting point. So again, when we did last year's review, 10-year treasuries were around 2%. When we struck it for this year's review, it was closer to 65 basis points. And so given that two-thirds was a starting point, I don't think having that be extended beyond 7 years would have had a significant impact on the numbers.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then my second question, I guess, for Dan, just bigger picture. We are starting to see more insurance companies rationalize their business mixes, either selling businesses or taking blocks of business and reinsuring them. There's clearly a lot of capital available to do that. Just curious if that enters into your game plan at some point? I'm thinking specifically about fixed annuities or any spread-based blocks you may have, but also on the Individual Life side?
Dan Houston : Yes. Absolutely, Suneet. So I think I'd put it into 2 different buckets. The first bucket is, are we committed to the fee spread and risk business? The answer is yes. Do we like the insurance business, this risk business? The answer is yes. We think it very much serves the needs of small to medium-sized employers. It provides us with a lot of flexibility. And then, frankly, it's a great way for us to serve the needs of our clients. The other half is financial transactions related to the in-force blocks of business. And I would tell you, our capital markets area looks very closely at this, looking at the long-term implications on capital, how it would be redeployed and the financial impact on those blocks of business. So it's very much top of mind for us. It gets a lot of consideration. We've not yet seen the right opportunity that we felt we wanted to move it forward. But certainly, in the categories you've identified, that is part of our consideration. Appreciate the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass : Can you talk about your expectations for RIS-Fee flows as we move into 2021? Do you expect to get back to the 1% to 3% organic growth range as withdrawals normalize? Or could there be some ongoing impacts from a slowdown in recurring deposit growth?
Dan Houston : Yes. I'll throw out to Renee quickly, but I would just say this. I'm absolutely somewhat shocked by the fact we could be in a global pandemic, and they've held up as well as they have. And there's a lot of variables that go into it. But certainly, these hardships were a big contributor, not only here in the U.S., but also, as you know, in some of the emerging market countries as well. Renee, maybe give us some insights and thoughts and components and where you think this might go in the future?
Renee Schaaf : Yes, absolutely. So when we think about net cash flow, there are a few drivers of net cash flow that are really coming into play this quarter and that we have to think about as we look forward to 2021. So the first very important component and impact that we're seeing this quarter is the COVID-related withdrawals. And this has resulted in about $1 billion of withdrawals in third quarter, about 3% of our total participants. And we do see that's consistent with what we experienced in second quarter, and it's also very consistent with the activity that we continue to see in fourth quarter. So when we think about what could slow down that kind of withdrawal, there are a couple of things. First off, much relies on how the pandemic progresses and how the underlying economic and employment trends progress. The other wildcard is, the CARES Act has removed the penalty that was applied to hardship withdrawals. That sunsets at the end of this year. If there is a new stimulus bill that continues that waiver of the penalty, we could continue to see this go into '21. So we'll continue to watch it. But I think it's fair to say that COVID-related withdrawals will continue to pressure net cash flows likely into '21, certainly for the remainder of this year and likely into '21. The next very important lever is recurring deposits. And so if you look at the recurring deposits, we were running at about an 8% increase on a trailing 12-month basis. That's declined to a 3% increase in recurring deposits for third quarter '20 over third quarter '19. And this decrease, again, is attributable to a couple of things. First off is, the number of deferring participants decreased about 2% when you look at that quarterly comparison, even though the deferral rate remained pretty consistent and pretty strong. When we look forward for that, we do anticipate that, that will continue to be pressured. Again, much depends on how the economy and how the pandemic began to resolve and what kind of a rebound we begin to see. But certainly, there will be pressures there.  And then last of all is the sales -- new sales. We do see pressure and have seen pressure, particularly in the small to medium-sized pipeline in sales as businesses have been very distracted as a result of COVID. On the other hand, as a result of the IRT acquisition, we've seen an incredible bump up in our large plan pipeline. And simply as a result of having a larger footprint in that space and more and more consultant relationships, we do think that we'll see some recovery in the new sales for 2021. But again, much depends on the economy and the pandemic.  The good news throughout all of this is that our client retention remains very strong. We are not distracted. We continue to serve plan sponsors and participants very well. So when we look at the overall net cash flow for 2020, we anticipate that will be flat. And certainly, it has been pressured again by withdrawals -- COVID withdrawals, and recurring deposits. Looking forward, we'll have a better view for you in the outlook call, but we do see that some pressures will persist.
Dan Houston : Erik, hopefully, that helped.
Erik Bass : Yes. And then if I could just ask quickly on PGI margins, which were very strong this quarter, I think about 40%. Do you expect to be able to sustain a higher than target margin in the near term due to expense savings? Or do you expect that to come back down to more of the target range given either higher comp accruals or other adjustments given the recovery in revenues?
Dan Houston : Well, given this is Tim Dunbar's last earnings call, he's handing this over. So I'll be curious to see when he -- how he answers this question, how he sets up path for the future. Tim, please.
Tim Dunbar : Thanks, Erik, for the question. And I'm going to be nice to [Pat], I'm going to tell you, but I think we would guide you to our long-term guidance somewhere between 34% and 38% margins. And so while this quarter's margins were quite strong, as you mentioned, at 41%, we think that fourth quarter and beyond would be probably more in the trailing 12-month range, which right now stands at about 37%.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Just had a follow-up to underlying persistency trends in your RIS-Fee business. Are you seeing any signs when you unpack the data that you're seeing pressure from -- particularly in the small business segment of companies going out of business? Are you seeing any real change in trend from bankruptcies and plans actually going away? Or are you not really think that emerge?
Dan Houston : Yes. It's actually probably been one of the, I guess, solid outcomes that's come out of this. Although there are a lot of displaced employees in hospitality, and we know the airline industry and we -- restaurants, we know those have been impacted, many of those didn't have small employers anyway, didn't have a lot of these plans in place. We've seen some shrinkage of the participant base within those plans, but we've not seen an increase in lapse. And I think, although new case sales are down, new plan formation, I think we can all appreciate. If you didn't have one, are you going to do it in the midst of a pandemic? But Renee, do you want to provide any additional color to that thesis?
Renee Schaaf : Yes, absolutely. So when we look at new plan formations, to Dan's point, that certainly has slowed. But when we look at plan terminations due to simply plans being dissolved, that is not emerging, at least in this quarter, as a threat. And I think some of the stimulus package actions that we're taking are helping the small employer, the small to medium-sized employers. So we may see that emerge in future quarters, but we're not seeing it emerge right now. I think the one thing that's been really interesting and also reaffirms having a very diverse block of business within RIS is that when we look at plan size and we look at the impact on net cash flow, our small to medium-sized business block has been really very resilient in terms of almost every measure, in terms of the in-plan participation, in terms of employer match and the employer match being continued for that block of business. And so we -- when we look at the net cash flow for the SMB business, we're actually seeing -- see it performing slightly better than the large plan business.
Dan Houston : Tom, before you get to your next question, in case you're wondering, just another data point here at Principal, SBD would be -- group benefits should be quite comparable, where we've seen the participants within the existing plans fall. Amy, somewhere in that 2% to 3% range? And yet the plan lapses or terminations are not escalated. So I'd say SMBs for Principal, holding together nicely. Do you have a follow-up?
Tom Gallagher : Yes, that is good to hear, Dan, in terms of the underlying experience. The -- yes, my follow-up is just on your credit loss expectation. It sounds like more getting pushed out to 2021. I guess the $400 million number, in a vacuum, sounds a bit higher than I would have guessed based on the way things are trending right now. Is that just out of an abundance of caution or are you seeing anything on the commercial real estate side that would cause you -- whether that's delinquencies that are not yet impacting you because the NAIC has that moratorium? Or can you unpack that a little bit why you still have, I would say, pretty high expected for next year?
Dan Houston : Yes. Thanks again for that question. It's a timely one. And your term of abundance of caution is one that we use frequently around here because we want to make sure that we've got adequate capital. And I do think we've sized up the balance of the year nicely and by making that adjustment. But Tim, you want to sort of give your insights and perspective on the $400 million for next year?
Tim Dunbar : Sure, Tom. And Id just be remiss if I didn't mention that we talked often about the quality of the portfolio going into the pandemic, and I think that's across the board. So it would be, in our fixed income portfolio, certainly on our commercial mortgage loan portfolio, and on our alternatives portfolio. So we think we were coming at this pandemic from a position of strength. And our expectations were set generally by some high-level modeling that we've done based on the great financial crisis. And as we moved through 2020, we saw unprecedented Fed action. We saw government stepping in, and it really delayed a lot of our credit losses and a lot of the drift that we think could have taken place in 2020. And that's been a very positive story. And you've seen prices on bonds rebound. And actually, our commercial mortgage loan portfolio has maintained very high ratings. We've been through that portfolio. And we think it stands pretty strong. So as we look at 2021 and our projections there, yes, we're upping it a little bit. I would say the range for 2021 as we sit here today, is quite wide. It depends again a lot on Fed actions, on government support. And what we're seeing there is that we don't really have a lot of specific ideas about drift and credit losses, but we would expect, as COVID rears its head again and weighs on the economy that there's potential that we could have up to $400 million in losses in drift. Most of that, again, would be coming from the bond portfolio, probably only about a third coming from the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. So that's some of the color and some of the way we're looking at it. And obviously, we'll continue to go through the portfolios and refine these numbers as more information comes out.
Dan Houston : Tom, thanks for the question.
Operator: The final question is from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker : So I want to talk a little about the commercial mortgage portfolio, the 14 loans that have gone into a forbearance, can you talk a little bit about the process of the mortgagee in your relationship and how that process is set and whether or not we should expect more loans to go into forbearance over the next 12 months? What's sort of the process by which this occurs?
Dan Houston : Tim, please?
Tim Dunbar : Sure. So what really happens is that we get contacted from the borrower. The borrower gives us then some very specific information about the property, their situation, and generally makes a request of what they're asking for. And generally, when we say forbearance, that doesn't mean we're forgiving the loan payments for a period of time. It really means that we're working out an alternative schedule until we think the property can get back on its feet and start paying the mortgage payments again. Sometimes, it's an extension of the loan, but it's very dependent on the specifics of that situation. We have 14, as you suggested, those are all in good states. So they are living up to the loan agreement that we had set with them. And we've worked through the entire list of requests that we've had. Now what happens next depends a lot again on how the pandemic plays out, how the economy plays out. But we're watching and monitoring commercial mortgage loans very closely. But I expect to see some additional modification probably going into 2021 as we see how really the economy looks and what we're thinking is going to happen. But I'd be remiss if I didn't say that I think this portfolio is incredibly high quality. I don't really see a lot of losses coming through. Our loan to values, after going through every one of the properties in May, still stands at an average of 50% loan-to-value, and we still have good debt service coverage. So that's kind of how we're looking at the portfolio.
Dan Houston : Thanks, Tim. Do you have a last follow-up?
Josh Shanker : Yes. I'll stick on this topic just to exhaust it. These 14 examples, do they have anything in common geographically or property type or anything we need to think about in relationship to the rest of the portfolio?
Tim Dunbar : Yes. The one thing I'd say, generally speaking, these loans are coming from retail. The retail -- and we have a very small exposure to shopping malls, but a fair number of those are coming from shopping malls. And then we have some hotel properties. We have less than 1% of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio in hotels. But again, those have been modified. And then just a smattering of properties that I would say don't have much else in common. But just on the retail front, I want to emphasize that our portfolio is quite a lot less exposed to retail than it would be in the NCREIF Index, which is what we watch pretty closely. And in addition to that, it's heavily weighted toward grocery-anchored retail or single-store box retail. And those projects are holding up actually quite well.
Dan Houston : Thanks, Tim. Yes, I appreciate the question, Josh.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston : I'll be quick. We had a Board strategic retreat. We talk about strategy at every Board meeting. But once a year, we get together and interrogate our strategy. We get some third-party unaffiliated views about the strategy. And I would tell you, we exhausted it in terms of looking closely at the fee, the spread and the risk businesses, the countries that we're in, the portfolio that we have, and we really feel there's good long-term upside for investors in our current strategy adjusting on the margin. The second thing I'd take away from today's call, strong balance sheet, liquidity, significant scale and capabilities. We have good differentiators and the 5% dividend yield at today's price we still think is very strong to investors. And then I would say from a historical perspective and going into the future, we have a strong reputation for aligning our expenses with our revenues. We've deployed capital in a very thoughtful and balanced approach, and we'll continue to do that, both in the near and the long-term. And we are going to continue making investments in our future. I've seen too many businesses become irrelevant because they fail to make investments in their businesses. And I look at these digital investments. And frankly, whether it's international or domestic, we're seeing those payoff. So thank you for your interest in the company and look forward to talking to you on the road. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day, November 3, 2020. 2198859 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups second quarter 2020 conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Similar to last quarter, we posted an additional slide deck on our website with details on our U.S. investment portfolio. Following the reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Our 2019 corporate social responsibility report was released a few weeks ago. Learn more about how we are working to build a more inclusive, resilient and sustainable global community by reading the report on principal.com. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. I hope youre all well and have found some sense of normalcy during these unprecedented times. This morning, Ill provide an update on how Principals responding to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our global economy, our strong financial position, key performance highlights for the second quarter and how we are well positioned for long-term growth. Deanna will follow with additional details on our capital and liquidity position and our investment portfolio as well as impact from COVID and our second quarter financial results. The safety of our employees and our customers continue to be top of mind as the vast majority of our employees continue to work remotely. Our previous investments in technology and our accelerated digital investments have enabled us to rapidly meet the challenge of a changing operating environment. Our ability to communicate effectively with our employees, distribution partners and customers has allowed us to minimize disruption and service to our 32 million global customers. Consistent with our core values and mission, we continue to help our customers and communities through this pandemic. Since announced in April, The Giving Chain powered by Principal has provided more than 50,000 meals for more than 120 businesses and over 30 communities around the world. And we continue to focus on reducing the financial burdens that our customers may be facing by waiving certain fees for participants taking COVID-related withdrawals and loans from their retirement accounts. Were also working closely with plan sponsors and group employer customers to maintain their retirement and protection plans. This pandemic has certainly created some challenges for Principal to overcome, but our diversified business model has been resilient. Im confident that were in the right businesses with the right teams in place and well continue to make investments to create long-term shareholder value. We serve our customers across small, medium and large businesses in the U.S. and we know there are some concerns about the health of small- to medium-sized businesses right now. Were finding that the impact from COVID is less about large versus small businesses and more about what industry business is in. As shown on Slide 7, we have less exposure to the industries that have been the most impacted by COVID, including accommodation and food services, retail trade, and arts and entertainment. And we have more exposure to industries that are less impacted, such as professional services, wholesale trade and finance and insurance. While the impacts of unemployment and the economic recovery are uncertain and vary by industry, the amount of stimulus business owners have received from the U.S. government is unprecedented and has helped stabilize businesses during the quarter. As a result, our U.S. retirement and group benefits businesses have had less of an impact from the current environment during the second quarter than some may have expected due to our intentional diversification by industry and geography. Turning to Slide 8, we remain well capitalized and are in one of the strongest financial positions in our history. At the end of the second quarter, we had over $3 billion in available cash and liquid assets, and over $2.3 billion of excess and available capital. Well continue to be diligent stewards of our capital and take a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment, carefully weighing opportunities as they arise. Moving to our second quarter results, we delivered non-GAAP operating earnings of $403 million. Excluding significant variances, earnings were down 8% compared to the strong prior year quarter, partially driven by foreign currency headwinds. During the quarter, we continue to make progress to align our expenses with revenues, and our second quarter results reflect benefits from our expense management actions. Compared to the first quarter, total company AUM increased $71 billion to $702 billion at the end of the second quarter. This increase was driven by favorable market performance as well as the positive net cash flow. Market performance contributed $67 billion to AUM the second quarter, helping to offset most of the unfavorable performance in the first quarter. Additionally, we ended the quarter with $142 billion of AUM in our China joint venture and $713 billion of assets under administration in the Institutional Retirement & Trust or IRT businesses. Through the first six months of the year, total company net cash flow was a positive $9 billion, including more than $6 billion in the second quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, net cash flow of $23 billion improved significantly from $400 million in the year ago period, with $21 billion of the increase from PGI. This achievement highlights the strength of our distribution network, our investment performance and our in demand products and solutions. RIS-Fee generated over $700 million of positive debt cash flow. This was driven by sales of $2.8 billion, low contract lapses and continued but pressured growth in reoccurring deposits. Transfer deposits were down compared to a year ago period due to lower sales, while participant withdrawals were slightly elevated but in line with our expectations during a stressed period. RIS spread net cash flow was flat despite $2.1 billion of sales, including $1.1 billion of opportunistic issuance in investment only. Due to low interest rate environment, weve started to see the pension risk transfer pipeline slow down, and we continue to expect lower annuity sales for the remainder of the year. Principal International generated $900 million of net cash flow and marked its 47th consecutive positive quarter driven by positive flows in Mexico, Chile, Hong Kong and Brazil. Our collaboration between Principal International and PGI continues to show results as we won a large institutional mandate in equity funded Mexico. The investments that weve made in the digital platform in Chile are also paying off as weve continued to onboard and service customers during this pandemic. While not included in the reported net cash flow, China had $4.6 billion of net cash flow in the quarter, as market volatility drove investors to money market funds. PGI sourced net cash flow was a positive $4 billion. This was our highest quarter of both PGI sourced and institutional net cash flow since 2016. And it was aided by the continued strong net cash flow on our mutual fund platform. Institutional sales were across a number of equity and real estate strategies. In the current low interest rate environment, theres increased demand for yield and proven investment performance. As shown on Slide 14, our investment performance remains strong. At quarter-end, 75% of Principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median for one-year, 81% above median for three-year and 80% were above median for five years. Additionally, for our Morningstar rated fund, 77% of the fund level AUM had a four or five star rating. This continued strong performance positions as well to attract and retain assets going forward. The strong net cash flow across the company is a testament to the great work our teams have been doing in a challenging environment to create in demand products and leverage our digital investments. A few examples include; in PGI, our Principal Blue Chip Fund was awarded the Best Large Cap Growth Fund over the past five years by Lipper. And Principal Real Estate Investors was named a 2020 Green Lease Leader, achieving Gold Recognition from our commitment to high performing and sustainable property management. Brasilprev, our joint venture with Banco do Brasil in Principal International has had great traction with Brasilprev Fcil, our retail long-term savings product that requires no money to open and only a contribution of about US$20 per month to maintain an account. And under two years, we have sold more than 500,000 plans as weve reduced the barriers to entry for long-term savings and helped an underserved market. From a digital perspective, our Principal mobile app is now a top-rated app in the App store in the retirement industry with more rating and actionable feedback than our competitors. We also launched an interactive dashboard for retirement plan sponsors and advisers to understand the behaviors of plan participants. Since its launch in April, weve had extremely positive feedback on the dashboard, and its a differentiator for Principal in the marketplace. In Individual Life, weve seen continued adoption of our term life online self-service tool. Principal Life Online, one of the first fully digital experiences in the industry. Since January, weve had 25,000 applicants utilized this tool. By leveraging our digital application tools and investments in the underwriting automation, more than a third of our underwriting approvals are able to be completed with less than 10 minutes of underwriting time. Through the first six months of the year, Im proud of our 18,000 employees executing our diversified and integrated business model. Our capital position remains strong, and we continue to invest for the future, while aligning our expenses with revenues. Before I turn the call over to Deanna, I want to make a few comments regarding Principals dedication to social equality. Principal has a strong history of doing the right thing. And in terms of diversity and inclusion, we have an extensive track record on being recognized for our efforts, including being named by Forbes as one of the best employers for diversity in 2020. Global inclusion is a business imperative for Principal, and we are driven by our purpose of making financial security accessible to all. While we are all proud of the efforts thus far, we continuously push ourselves to do better, both in our communities and our workplace. With that, let me turn the call over to Deanna. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. This morning, Ill discuss our current financial position, details of our investment portfolio, impacts from COVID-19 and the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter. We remain committed to helping and protecting our customers through this pandemic. COVID has certainly impacted where and how we do business, and weve included additional details in our conference call presentation to highlight the various impacts many of which have yet to fully materialize. While there is continued uncertainty on how COVID and the related market impacts play out over the next 12 to 18 months, Im pleased that many of the metrics were tracking are trending better than we expected they would a quarter ago. As shown on Slide 8, our capital and liquidity position remains strong. At the end of the second quarter, we had $3 billion of available cash and liquid assets at the total company, and we have $800 million of untapped revolving credit facilities available for liquidity purposes. We had $2.3 billion of excess and available capital at the end of the quarter. This includes nearly $1.6 billion at the holding company, almost $750 million higher than our target of approximately $800 million to cover the next 12 months of obligations, $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries and $340 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio at the end of the quarter estimated to be 422%. The RBC ratio is higher than our target due to uncertainty in the timing and impact credit drift and credit losses could have on the rest of 2020 and beyond. Over time, we expect the RBC ratio will trend down to our targeted 400%. Our excess capital at the holding company increased during the quarter and reflects the $500 million opportunistic debt issuance we completed in June at a very attractive coupon rate of 2.125%. While we dont expect to need the proceeds from this issuance under our baseline scenario, it provides additional financial flexibility and offers protection if the environment deteriorates. We also have access to a contingent capital facility that allows us to borrow up to approximately $1 billion, the current fair value of the treasury assets in that facility. Our non-GAAP debt-to-capital leverage ratio, excluding AOCI, is low at 23.5%. Our next debt maturity of $300 million isnt until 2022, and we have a well-spaced ladder debt maturity schedule into the future. In the near term, we remain focused on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company. Despite the pressures of the current environment, we remain in one of the strongest financial positions in our companys history, and we have the financial flexibility and discipline needed to manage through this time of economic uncertainty. As shown on Slide 9, we deployed $154 million of capital in the second quarter for common stock dividends. As a reminder, we pause share repurchases in early March as the pandemic and the resulting market volatility emerged. We have $850 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. To determine when well restart repurchases, were looking for enhanced clarity and stability in the macro environment for the range of possible outcomes to narrow and to have a better understanding of timing of the potential impacts. We are well positioned today, but were being prudent on capital management given the uncertainty. As discussed last quarter, we continue to expect our full year 2020 external capital deployments will be between $800 million and $1 billion, which is lower than the target that we had at the beginning of the year. While capital is expected to be pressured by credit drift, credit losses and lower operating earnings. Some of the pressure will be offset by a lower level of capital needed to support sales, lower external deployments, expense management actions and our recent debt issuance. Last night, we announced a $0.56 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, unchanged from the second quarter and our dividend yield is approximately 5%. As shown on Slides, 10 and 11, our investment portfolio remains high-quality, diversified and well-positioned, and importantly, our investment strategy hasnt changed. Slide 11 provides detail of our U.S. fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loan portfolios which represents nearly 90% of our U.S. investment portfolio. The portfolios remain high quality and were better positioned relative to 2008.  A few key takeaways, at the total company we are in a $3.5 billion net unrealized gain position. This includes a $5.5 billion pretax net unrealized gain in our U.S. fixed maturities portfolio, which increased $3.8 billion during the second quarter as spreads tightened. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio has an average loan-to-value of 50% and an average debt service coverage ratio of 2.6 times. We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives in high risk sectors and importantly our liabilities are long-term. We have disciplined asset liability management, and we arent forced sellers.  Were continuing to evaluate the potential impacts to our capital and liquidity position under a wide range of economic scenarios. Our capital and liquidity positions remain or above targeted levels under our baseline scenario for 2020 and into 2021. In the first half of the year, we have had approximately $115 million impact from credit drift and credit losses with more than $80 million in the second quarter. For full year 2020, were now expecting approximately $300 million to $500 million of credit drift and credit losses lower than the $400 million to $800 million we estimated on the first quarter call. Using the global financial crisis as a guide were expecting additional credit drift and credit losses to emerge beyond 2020 due in part to impacts from the U.S. governments recent large and unprecedented fiscal and monetary stimulus programs. Were continuing to watch the situation closely, modeling several scenarios, and well continue to evaluate the impacts and communicate estimates as more clarity emerges. Slides 5 and 6 provide details of the COVID related financial impacts weve experienced in the second quarter as well as updated thoughts on potential impacts the pandemic could have on our business and our results in the future. In the second quarter, many of our businesses experience direct COVID related impacts. Pretax operating earnings benefited by a net positive $51 million and included a $68 million net benefit in specialty benefits as very favorable dental and vision claims, as well as favorable short-term disability claims were partially offset by COVID claims and group life and premium assistance for our dental customers. A $4 million benefit from favorable mortality and RIS spread. These benefits were partially offset by a negative $15 million impact from unfavorable claims and surrenders in individual life and a negative $6 million in RIS  Fee from waive fees for COVID related participant withdrawals.  The net positive benefit from COVID related impacts this quarter, shows one of the benefits of our diversified business model as well as the relative magnitude of our dental business. As we incorporated our experience from the second quarter into our modeling, we have reduced our estimated after tax impact to non-GAAP operating earnings from $20 million to $10 million for every 100,000 U.S.COVID related deaths. This reduction reflects a lower incidence of COVID related deaths in our insured populations. Note that this sensitivity only includes the direct U.S. mortality and morbidity impacts in U.S. Insurance Solutions, RIS spread and Principal International. It does not include the indirect impacts on claims experienced due to office closures or reduction in elective procedures for dental vision or disability and specialty benefits.  Were continuing to monitor several key indicators to gauge the potential magnitude of the financial impact from COVID and the related market volatilities. In the retirement business trends in both plan sponsor and participant behavior were pressured during the second quarter, but are manageable, while still positive growth in recurring deposits slowed during the quarter to 1.5% compared to the prior year quarter. Participants making deferrals were down modestly from pre-COVID levels due to layoffs and furloughs. And so far less than 1% of plan sponsors have reduced or suspended their company match. For those participants still contributing to their plan, the average deferral rate hasnt changed from pre-COVID levels, signaling active participants havent reduced their contributions.  Looking at withdrawals, COVID related participant withdrawals have increased, but they are partially offset by lower hardship withdrawals and loans as we expected. In total, participant withdrawals are only slightly elevated. Plan sponsors are continuing to delay the decision to transfer their retirement plans and many sales could be pushed into 2021. This has certainly impacted the level of sales in the second quarter, but was partially offset by strong retention. Specialty benefits had very strong persistency in the second quarter, as there was a heightened focus on protection products by employers, and we provided enhanced service and support to our customers. In group benefits, the number of lives covered under existing plans is a good indicator of employer behavior. In the second quarter covered lives decreased 1.4%, which is significantly better than the change in the unemployment rate. Breaking this down a little further, a majority of the impact in the second quarter was from businesses with 200 or more employees with less of an impact in businesses with fewer than 200 employees.  Overall in specialty benefits, were expecting the pattern of pretax operating earnings to emerge differently this year. Earnings from dental and vision are expected to be pressured in the second half of the year relative to what we experienced in the first half due to dental premium credits and increased dental utilization. In Individual Life, while sales are down overall, weve seen an increased interest in term life insurance. Application volume is up due to increased awareness of mortality and our enhanced digital capabilities and digital distribution. We have a strong history of effectively managing our expenses in line with revenue during times of uncertainty and market volatility. During the second quarter, we continue to make progress, reducing our expenses to align with revenues. Compared to our expectations at the beginning of the year, we reduced expenses by approximately $75 million in the second quarter alone. This has spread across all businesses and contributing to resilient margins despite revenue pressures. Some of the expenses are naturally lower right now, like travel, sales related expenses and bonus accruals. And weve intentionally reduced other expenses, including hiring, salary cost, third-Party spend as well as marketing and advertising. These actions will continue to impact earnings and margins the rest of the year. For full year 2020, were expecting our actions will reduce expenses by $225 million to $275 million relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year. Not all of the expense reductions are permanent, and they will likely come back at different paces. Hiring and salaries will return at some point, and bonus and incentive accruals will naturally reset in 2021. Some expenses may return at a more gradual pace and at an overall lower level like travel. Our commitment is to align growth and expenses with revenue, but there is always some lag with the amount of volatility we are experiencing. Moving to our second quarter financial results, net income attributable to principal of $398 million. This includes net realized capital losses of $4 million with manageable credit losses of $21 million. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $403 million for the second quarter or $1.46 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, but including foreign currency translation headwinds, non-GAAP operating earnings was down 8% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was down 6% compared to second quarter 2019. As shown on Slide 13, we had several significant variances during the second quarter. These had a net benefit to reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $36 million pretax $27 million after tax and $0.10 per diluted share. Pretax impacts included a net positive $51 million benefit from COVID related claims and other impacts in our RISs and USIS businesses as I mentioned earlier. A net positive $29 million benefits in principal international due to higher than expected encaje performance in Latin America, partially offset by lower than expected inflation, primarily in Brazil.  An $18 million benefit from lower DAC amortization and RIS-Fee driven by the point-to-point increase in the equity market. And a positive $1 million impact in RIS-Fee as IRT integration costs were more than offset by a final reduction in the earn-out liability as we released the remainder of the liability in the second quarter. Revenue retention remains in line with our original expectations. These positive benefits were partially offset by a negative $44 million impact from lower than expected variable investment income in RIS and USIS. Slightly more than half of the impact was from lower than expected alternative investment returns with the remainder from lower than expected real estate sales and prepayment fees. Additionally, we had a negative $19 million impact in specialty benefits from unfavorable non-COVID related individual disability insurance claims experience driven by higher incidents.  Looking back, second quarter 2019 reported non-GAAP operating earnings benefited from significant variances by $27 million pretax and $21 million after tax. Looking at macro economic factors in the second quarter, the S&P 500 index rebounded and increased nearly 20%, while the daily average was down nearly 5% compared to the first quarter of 2020, and only up slightly more than 1% from a year ago quarter. This is pressuring revenue growth in our fee based businesses relative to these two comparison quarters. Moving to foreign exchange rates, Id like to remind you that revenue expenses and pretax operating earnings are translated using average foreign exchange rates while AUM is translated using the spot rate. Movements in the average rates continue to be unfavorable during the quarter. Impacts to the second quarter pretax operating earnings included a negative $7 million compared to first quarter 2020, a negative $18 million compared to second quarter 2019, and a negative $40 million on a trailing 12 month basis. While interest rates remained relatively unchanged during the quarter, second quarter revenue and earnings for the IRT Trust and Custody business in RIS-Fee impacted by the 145 basis point drop in the interest on excess reserves or IOER rate in March. We estimate the drop in the IOER rate in first quarter will have a negative $30 million pretax impact on full year 2020 revenue and earnings in our RIS-Fee. For the business units, second quarter results excluding significant variances were largely in line with expectations given the current macroeconomic environment and weve added additional details in the slides.  The legacy business in RIS-Fee continues to perform well, given the current operating environment. Excluding significant variances, the margin for the legacy business was 33% in the second quarter. The migration of the IRT business to principal platforms remains on track and will start later this year. As the IRT business migrates, results will be combined into our existing businesses and well begin to realize some of the synergies, but standalone details of the legacy business wont be available. In closing COVID and the related market volatility are certainly impacting us, but were managing through these unprecedented times. Were being prudent with both expense management and capital preservation in order to mitigate impact and be prepared as the impacts play out. Our diversified and integrated business model continues to serve us well. And our financial strength and discipline positions us well to navigate the crisis.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. First question on RIS-Fee. Just looking at Slide 15, it looks like your net revenues increased about 19%, but the earnings, whether reported or sort of normalized, were down kind of 8% to 12%. So Im just trying to understand what the disconnect is between revenue growth and earnings growth.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks, Suneet, for the question. Ill just ask Renee to respond to that. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. Suneet, thank you for that question. I think in order to understand the results that were seeing here, its important to look at both the legacy business as well as the IRT business. And first off, if you look at the legacy business, as Deanna indicated in her remarks, we are seeing the pretax return on net revenue remained very consistent in second quarter of 2020 over second quarter of 2019, about 33%. When we look at the IRT block of business, theres a couple of things to keep in mind. First off, you will see that the integration expenses will be  will create some noise and some volatility from quarter to quarter. And so its important to adjust your model for that. Second, as also pointed out in the comments, we are seeing pressure from the IOER rates. And then last of all, I would remind you that as the IRT block of business transitions from Wells Fargo to Principal, there will be a lag between when we see the expenses begin to decline along with the decline in the business. So we will see necessarily some lag there. And when you take all those things into consideration, that creates the difference. Does that help?
Suneet Kamath: It does. I mean it sounds like  just looking at the income statement, it sounds like the compensation and other line was the one that really increased year-over-year. Is that where most of that impact was?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. So the comp and other line is going to reflect the TSA expenses. And thats the portion thats going to have the most noise as we begin to migrate the business over and incur integration expenses.
Dan Houston: One of those classic examples of SME, where were getting the expenses front-end loaded as we nearly have to double up to get the business successfully transition, let alone all the resources going into programming and application development and the transitioning of the services. Did you have a follow-up, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: I did. Just sticking with RIS-Fee. On the comment about releasing the earnout liability. Is that because the macro environment changed? Or did that earnout assume like lapses would be lower than what has actually occurred?
Dan Houston: Renee, please.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. So Suneet, the earnout was based on a revenue retention target that was actually higher than what we had assumed in our valuation. So what the release of this liability suggests is that the revenue retention did not meet the earnout requirements, but Im very happy to say that when we look at overall client retention and revenue retention, we are right on track, and were very pleased with the results that were seeing and its consistent with our modeling.
Dan Houston: Another way of saying that, Suneet, is I believe that our initial analysis of what we thought the value of the business was we are correct because that additional lump sum payout would have been conditional on something that was above what our modeling would have produced. And so its nearly coming in on what we thought the value of the business was. And again, I would give a lot of credit to Renee and her team for successfully working through a very, very large transaction. So thanks for the question, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Dan Houston: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Can you help us think a bit more about your dental expectations for the second half of the year? And I guess more specifically, I know youre not expecting it to be nearly as good as the first half, but I guess, would you expect dental to still be favorable to your normal expectations in the back half of the year? Or would you actually expect it to be somewhat unfavorable because of some of the rebates type of activity?
Dan Houston: Yes, Ryan, great question. Im only laughing because I hadnt been to the dental office for six months. I went two weeks ago for the first time and I have to go back tomorrow. So one way or another, theyre going to extract their value from Dan at least. So Amy, you want to help us work through the profile of the dental business.
Amy Friedrich: Yes, Ryan. Let me go back to your actual question and gets you kind of a little bit  take you back a little bit what happened, what we saw happen in second quarter. April was very low utilization. Around the nation, the provider offices, many of them were closed and only providing emergency services. We saw that kick back up in May. And then in June, in some geographic areas, some regions, we even saw what I would consider some pent-up demand; more procedures, some higher dollar procedures and even higher kind of utilization than we would see on a normal full month in some regions of the country for June. And so the wildcard here really is with sort of an unknown amount of virus activity, an unknown, I would call it, patient comfort with how and when they seek care, particularly in those areas that are seeing a little bit more activity. I think our assumption is the dental offices will stay open in the second half of the year. Our assumption also is that there will continue to be a little bit of pent-up demand probably play through the rest of the year. And if were going to see a quarter where we see some of that pent-up demand, well probably see that during third quarter. So third quarter is probably the one that I would point back to being probably closer to what our seasonal lower points are in a normal year. Does that help, Ryan?
Ryan Krueger: It does. Thank you. And then
Deanna Strable: Hey, Ryan, one thing Id add to that is our premium credits actually have a full impact in the third quarter and only had one month of impact in second quarter and one month of impact in fourth quarter. So thats going to play into the third quarter result as well.
Ryan Krueger: Can you quantify how the magnitude of the premium credits and the in-network refunds?
Deanna Strable: Well, I think on the premium credits, it isnt a 10% reduction, and we do give you a premium on the supplement page. Ill let Amy talk about the in-network credit.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. And so by magnitude basis, the premium credits are, by far, the larger thing that youll see flowing through, and that will go through our premium line. And again, as Deanna noted, that will be a full impact in all three months of third quarter. We saw one month of that influencing the results in second quarter, and well see one month of that in fourth quarter. And again, Ill let you do the math against the premium numbers that we put out there. The protective equipment that credit were giving in terms of PPE for the dentist, that is in order of magnitude, much smaller than the premium credit in terms of how it will impact. But I do want to point out that will be full year. So that will be third quarter as well as fourth quarter, and that will impact the claims line as opposed to the premium line. So much, much smaller impact, but that will be coming through a different line.
Dan Houston: Ryan, the one thing Id say is I think like all medical offices, theyre figuring this out, and so we would anticipate over a period of time here that this gets sort of back to normal. Theyve got the proper PPE, people are taking appropriate precautions. And so this is probably a two or three quarter anomaly. And then were right back to what Id consider our traditional run rates for procedures for the dental offices. So thanks for the questions.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow up on the dental piece. So in the supplement, I think the dental and vision premiums was $240 million in the second quarter. Can you give us the breakdown between dental and vision for your block of business so that we can think about the 10% premium credit?
Amy Friedrich,: Yes. This is Amy. Happy to jump in and answer that. The breakdown on that is really probably think of dental as the vast majority of that. So think of it as 90% to 95% of that. Vision is going to be significantly less.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Thats helpful. And then shifting gear, in terms of PGI, can you talk about your net flow expectation and the impact of the lower transaction fees? I think Tim said in last quarter that the expectation is third quarter will remain challenged. And then hopefully, fourth quarter will be back to normal. Is that still the expectation?
Dan Houston: Tim, do you want to please take that?
Tim Dunbar: Sure. When it comes to transaction fees, there, were mostly talking about commercial real estate. And so I think what youve seen so far this year is first two months were strong. Then as COVID started to hit, transaction started to wane, and theyve continued to be below expectations for the  our original expectations for the first half of the year. So just to give you some perspective, transaction volume is down about 33% from 2019. What we have started to see is that the markets are starting to evolve a little bit. People are finding ways of getting out and seeing properties. Were certainly seeing that on the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. And then were starting to see more transactions. Now the transactions done right now have typically been worked on prior to COVID. And were still seeing a lot of price discovery going on between investors and sellers. So wed hope that, that starts to pick up as people are able to travel, maybe a little bit more, maybe able to physically inspect some of those properties or find ways to do that virtually. But right now, I think we expect that third quarter will be lighter. And then as we said, hopefully, in fourth quarter, things will get back to a more normal pace.
Dan Houston: Do you have a follow-up, Humphrey?
Humphrey Lee: Yes. Is there any way to think about the impact, so you called out, it was $5 million lower relative to last years second quarter. But should we kind of expect something in that magnitude for the third quarter and then maybe a little bit better in the fourth quarter?
Tim Dunbar: Yes. So on sort of a normal run rate basis, I would think that we would see a little bit lighter in third quarter. So were probably coming in $2 million to $3 million lighter in the third quarter and then hopefully back to normal in fourth.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thanks.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Humphrey.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Good morning. With regard to your capital deployment, you indicated $800 million to $1 billion for the year. Just assuming the normal run rate of dividends that would leave you, if you were to do $1 billion close to $200 million to deploy, what type of opportunities might be out there other than buybacks for use of that capital? And what do you think the probability of using the capital for buybacks might be? And when might we do so this year?
Dan Houston: Just tell me how the COVID is going to go from here, and I can respond to that question. This is a really important question, Andrew, and one that we talk about a lot. Its one of the reasons why we had the issuance of $500 million that Deanna mentioned at such favorable terms. Its why we have been so aggressive in managing our expenses. Weve maintained the dividend payout in spite of the fact its above the 40% targeted range to support shareholder support and provide continuity. We do, as Deanna said in her comments, have over $800 million of authorized share buyback still out there. We have frequent conversations with the Board. And well look for the right way to go about deploying that remaining excess portion of the capital, whether its organic, whether its if a property were to become extremely distressed in the marketplace, M&A may be an option, but still, we look at share buyback as a good tool to provide good value for long-term shareholders. Deanna, I dont know if you have anything else youd like to say on that?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just a few comments. Obviously, the math you did was correct. At the low end, we basically have no additional external deployments, assuming that we kept the dividend flat at the high end or closer to $200 million. Id say for the next quarter, were going to continue to stay on the sidelines, and well ultimately probably start having more discussions on this as we get towards the back half of the  or the back quarter  last quarter of this year, into 2021. Really what we want to see is more clarity. And even though we have some additional clarity given one quarter of experience behind us, Id say relative to the path forward, especially around the pandemic, Im not sure we have any more clarity sitting here today than we did a quarter ago. And so again, like we said, the debt issuance is a help, but we obviously just didnt do the debt issuance to turn around and buy back shares. Its there to really help us in case things start to deteriorate more than we are. And we really have to see much more clarity until we start to deploy unless an opportunistic M&A came to us that we really wanted to look at. As weve talked about M&A, obviously, the pace of activity is lower. But there could be a small number that had started discussions prior to this crisis that if those came to fruition, that could be another opportunity as we go into fourth quarter into 2021.
Dan Houston: Andrew, a follow-up?
Andrew Kligerman: Yes, sure. And that makes a lot of sense. So with regard to life insurance, your sensitivity went from, as you said earlier, $20 million per 100,000 lives down to $10 million. What was it about your or what is it about your insured population that differs from what you were thinking three, four months ago, allowing you to change up the sensitivity, geography-wise, age-wise or what have you?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Ill take the first stab at is since it does impact a number of our different businesses beyond just USIS and then Ill see if Amy has anything to add to that. Obviously, when we were sitting here a quarter ago, we had to take a guess with absolutely no experience about how the total population incidence of COVID death would translate into our insured population. And again, we did the best guess based on our analysis as far as  and third-party analysis that had been developed. But again, we had no real experience to look at. Obviously, now three months later, its not totally credible experience that weve seen. But we do have a lot of claims, about 150 on the insurance side that have come through during the quarter. That were better able to just look at the nature of those claims, whether it be age, whether it be face amounts, whether it be size of the annuity products, and were just better able to update how that translation happens between the general population experience and the experience of our insured population. And so that did cause us to cut in half our sensitivity. I think the good news of that is probably the estimated number of deaths has probably more than doubled. Our impact of that is less  is cut in half. And so ultimately, feel good about the  how we are able to manage that going forward. I do want to make sure youre aware that, that does consider all life and disability claims in USIS. Its also offset by benefits that we see in our annuity businesses, both here in the U.S. and outside of the U.S., but it doesnt contemplate any indirect claim impacts due to office closures or lower elective procedures on our Specialty Benefit business. So Ill see if Amy has anything to add, but I also think that rule of thumb held pretty close as we looked at our second quarter experience.
Amy Friedrich: No, Deanna, youve covered it really well. I think that youve covered that its an aggregate number that kind of crosses multiple businesses. And I think the good news there is were seeing good protective value. We do certainly  our group life block is a working-age population, faired relatively low, again, given the markets were in fairly low face amounts and so you have to have quite a few claims for those to add up significantly. Our Individual Life is holding up well in terms of the protective value of the underwriting we do and the types of business we put on the books. Keep in mind, we have probably a disproportionate amount of working-age populations even in our Individual Life insurance coverage because of our business market focus.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Amy. Thanks, Deanna. Thanks, Andrew, for the question. Next?
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. I want to go back to dental for a second. Obviously, the first half of the year had low claim activity because people arent going or couldnt go. There could be a catch-up in the third quarter. But Im more thinking about renewal and pricing as you prepare for open enrollment season to 2021 because obviously, theres a cohort of people that arent going to the dentist at all this year, that probably have pent-up issues that are probably more serious than what Dan has to go back into for a couple of good points. How do you square the lack of activity in 2020 with pricing and renewal and potential pent-up demand for 2021?
Dan Houston: Amy, please?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. John, these are good questions youre asking. And so one of the things weve been doing is sort of refreshing our claims studies with respect to dental and looking at them a little bit more closely than we more frequently than we have in the past. So what we know is that keep in mind with this footprint that is primarily for our group benefits business, a lot of smaller cases.  Some of that big push towards annual enrollment is not as marked as youd see in some of the larger case business. So you spread it out amongst 80,000 or 90,000 of those smaller cases. And so what were watching and what we are seeing is a little bit more usage on what we would consider kind of higher dollar procedures. If that continues, then well watch and continue to price for what we think could happen in 2021.  Now keep in mind, theres some natural plan provisions that kind of dictate a little bit how many dental coverages you can seek in a given year or procedures you can have in a given year. So youre going to have some  one preventative care visit in six, two and 12. And those are going to provide some natural protections. But more importantly, there are restarts for the next year as we kind of restart our pricing.
Dan Houston: Excellent, thank you. Do you have follow-up, John?
John Barnidge: Yes, sure. How do have changes in the health and rate environment kind of change how youre approaching the upcoming actuarial assumption.
Dan Houston: Yes. Deanna, you want to walk us through that.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So obviously, in a volatile environment like this, we have to think of this over the long term, which rather than adjusting to short-term volatility. And again, were trying to predict what 10-year treasuries and spreads are going to be 10 years from now. And obviously, you cant overreact to kind of pressure that we have. But having said that, obviously, the pressure that were in the sustained low interest rate environment is something that we have to contemplate.  As we go through our third quarter process, and also, we have to look not just at interest rates, but all of the other policyholder and actuarial behavior assumptions that we have in that, we have not made any decisions at this time. We continue to evaluate it based on our own analysis, also take into account other peoples thoughts on that trajectory as well. But I would tell you, as we sit here and manage capital and think about capital scenarios, we are incorporating impacts if we do make a reduction to that interest rate assumption and how that would flow through our capital position.  So again, no decisions have been made, but I think were being prudent as we analyze the different capital scenarios to make sure that we feel good about our capital position.
Dan Houston: Thanks John for the questions. Excellent.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I have a couple of questions around the expense savings. First, do you have a new full year target for the corporate loss? And then at the business level, is the goal, I guess, to still be able to achieve the target margins you provided at the beginning of the year despite the revenue pressures?
Dan Houston: Yes. So  and Im going to throw this to Deanna quick. I just want to go on the record with regards to our approach to expenses. And you can go back for as long as I can ever remember, and Ive been here a long time, we have always looked at the revenue that were able to generate and then adjust our expenses accordingly. And there are certain points in a volatile economy where theres these inflection points where you have to go above and beyond. And you are trying to anticipate. Deanna outlined very carefully for you in her prepared comments, those areas that will likely bounce back and those that will continue to manage in accordance to the business. But one of our objectives has been to stay as closely aligned with the margin expectations that we have framed with you, framed for you previously and not making any adjustments to those. But its one of those approaches that weve always taken that I would describe as surgical as opposed to across the board, and we have not had any broad-based significant reductions in force which is why we are still able to maintain very strong customer service scores, get the work done, while at the same time, adjust these expenses accordingly. Deanna, do you want to provide some additional insight there?
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ill first take your quick question on our corporate results. And what I would say there is theres always volatility in that line of business. But as I think about the second half of the year, were going to continue to benefit from the expense management efforts that we have underway and how that flows through the corporate results.  Offsetting that partially, that well see some added debt expense due to our recent issue in debt. What I would say is, if you average the first quarter and the second quarter, I think thats a good proxy for the second half of the year relative to corporate.  Moving on to expenses. I think Dan made some great comments. And obviously, I frame that within the prepared remarks. But let me just try to give you a little bit more color. And I think your comment on margins probably more aligns to how we think about 2021. I think in 2020, obviously, the efforts that we made were really across all of the businesses, pretty indiscriminate of what revenue pressures theyre seeing. And so we didnt tell Amy because shes having good dental claims experience that she could spend a lot of money.  And on the flip side, we didnt tell Luis thats being pressured by FX, we had to take additional cuts. And so when I looked at the $75 million that we talked about for the second quarter alone or the $250 million that were talking about for the full year, and I think about each of the businesses, the percent change is pretty similar for all of the businesses. And so again, your models may show one business or another. But when I look at it, Id say the percent reduction is in a pretty narrow range across all of those businesses.  As we think about 2021, I think thats when the more comments around margins come into play because again, this was tightening our belt given the environment that were in and basically looking at all of our expense items, some that naturally came down such as travel, but also being very, very disciplined on hiring and staffing costs and some of thats going to start to normalize as we go into 2021.  For example, our incentive compensation is all reset at the beginning of the year. And so even though thats helping our expense base this year, those will again kind of come back to a normal level. And then other items, Id say, will still be lower than what we would have anticipated pre-COVID, but we will see some gradual increase as we move forward. Travel could be an example of that, staffing, salary cost could be an example of that as well. And so I think thats when you start to see us making sure that our expense levels are leading to our targeted margins by business as we move into 2021. Hopefully, that helps.
Erik Bass: Yes, thats very helpful. Thank you. And then if I could ask one follow-up just on RIS-Fee. I think your guidance implies expecting organic growth at the low end of the 1% to 3% target range. And I assume thats just for 2020, and that kind of implies breakeven flows for the remainder of the year. So I was just hoping you could talk a bit more about the dynamics there and how you see both sales activity and recurring deposits trending over the next few quarters?
Dan Houston: If youve captured that well, Renee, do you have quick comments, please.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Absolutely. So Erik, when we think about net cash flow for 2020, youre correct that we do believe that we will come in at the low end of the 1% to 3% of beginning of the year average account values. And its being driven by several things. First off, when you look at the sales environment that were currently in  due to the pandemic, we do see that our sales are pressured.  Were seeing some recovery in the pipeline in June, which is really good news. And we are also seeing a portion of the decrease in sales being offset by an improved level of contract termination. So theres kind of two sides of the same coin there. From a recurring deposit perspective, I think the thing to note there is that we do have a level of resilience in our block of business because of the nature of industries that our customers are engaged with. And we show that to you in the slides that weve provided.  We are seeing pressures, but they are manageable. So if you look at recurring deposits, we see about a 1.5% increase in recurring deposits over second quarter 2019. And if you drill down a little bit deeper, what youll see is we are seeing a decline in the number of deferring participants. We saw the trough of that decline in May. In June, we saw a little bit of an uptick in the number of participants that were making deferrals. The deferral rate throughout this whole time period has remained steady from 2019. So thats good news.  And we also have seen about only 1% of employers have either reduced or eliminated their match. So theyre applying a great deal of discipline in how theyre approaching, their retirement plans and understanding the value that, that brings to their workforce.  Turning very quickly to participant withdrawals. In the last earnings call, I framed for you that to put a little bit perspective here, in the 2008, 2009 crisis, we saw participant withdrawals reach about 11%. And while certainly, participant withdrawals have been pressured, were not reaching that same level in the second quarter. With that said, though, we did see about 2% of participants take COVID-related withdrawals. But I would remind you that those are going to be low balance, typically low balances. And so if you express that, as of the withdrawals that we see as a percent of beginning of year account values, its about 0.3%.  So all of those things taken into consideration does lead us to the guidance of 1% to 3% with 1% being  we think were going to come in at the lower end of that range. And all of this is contingent upon market performance and what happens with the economy in a pandemic.
Dan Houston: Erik, hopefully, that additional detail was helpful. Thank you.
Erik Bass: Yes, thank you.
Operator: The final question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Hi, just a follow-up question on RIS-Fee related to also retention. So your  if I look at the planned breakout by number of lives to 1000 and larger lives plans declined by 16 sequentially, thats the biggest drop I can remember in quite some time. Is that normal Wells-related attrition that youve been expecting? Or would you call out anything else in particular thats happened in the large end of the  of your  of the market?
Dan Houston: Do you want to identify that, Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. So Tom, thank you for that question. And Id remind you that when youre looking at the number of plans in the supplement, thats going to exclude the IRT block of business.  So  and if you look at the number of plans in total, youll see that our plan count is down slightly from second quarter 2019. And the primary driver of that is that sales are down. And so when you  we simply dont have that sales engine putting new plans on the book at the same pace that it was. When we look at the large plan market in particular, were actually very pleased with the performance of our large plan block of business.  Were seeing really good pipeline. We saw really strong sales and you saw that come through in 2019 and the first quarter of this year, and retention remains strong across the block. So its really reflecting sales.
Tom Gallagher: But I guess just a follow-up on that. I presume those plans are not going away. Would you have lost 16 plans quarter like versus the end of the first quarter? And is competition somehow intensifying, I would have expected movement among carriers to actually be down. So I was a little surprised to see that many plans.
Dan Houston: Yes. In that large piece of market, a lot of that is were on the losing end of some merger and acquisition where there was an even larger company bought it. We dont have that broken out with a lot more detail. But each one of those plans are priced individually. Theyre not priced in aggregate. So if there is a lapse and we lost it, there are some instances where we perhaps would have wanted to retain it because of profitability expectations.  But more times than not, it would have been a plan that was acquired by a much larger plan and the plan services went to the acquirers record keepers as opposed to Principal. I do think in this environment, there has been  it is increasingly challenging to have those sorts of discussions when youre on the  being on the bought end of that.  Renee anything else you want to add?
Renee Schaaf: No, I think thats very well said. We did see maybe a little bit of volatility in the larger plan market, but our model is working really well, and we see nothing that gives us concern moving forward.
Dan Houston: Tom, do you have a quick follow?
Tom Gallagher: I do. Yes, Dan. Just a quick one on individual disability benefit ratio being elevated. And I think you called out a $19 million unfavorable earnings issue. Whats your level of conviction that this wont recur? And I dont  and I asked that because in prior economic cycles, when weve seen unemployment go up a lot, you have seen some elevated disability claims. So do you believe this is really a nonrecurring issue? Or are you still kind of waiting to see how this plays out?
Dan Houston: We think well be nonrecurring. But Amy, you want to provide some additional sights?
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Tom, thanks for the question. So a couple of thoughts go into this. I think, number one, in 2019, we were really seeing some good  really good claims performance for our individual disability block. And so just given the natural claims volatility of the segment, seeing a little bit of a blip in a quarter is not totally unexpected, especially on kind of an incidence basis.  So the other thing I would tell you is that typically, if we were seeing something that was going to be a disability, macroeconomic conditions starting to affect disability, we would have seen it emerging in group disability as well. So to see it kind of emerge a little bit differently in individual disability, has given us a little bit of comfort that were probably seeing something thats closer to a volatility issue and not necessarily a precursor to what we might see in the future.  Now even having said all that, weve talked a lot today on the call about uncertainty, we will continue to watch this block. If we see incidents emerge in areas or patterns that indicate to us, its a macro, kind of a leading macro, well certainly let you know that.
Dan Houston: Tom, thanks for the questions. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session, Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: So were slightly over the hour here, but  so Ill be quick. And the first thing I want to say is we feel as much conviction today as ever about the diversified and integrated business model, the fee, the spread and the risk businesses. We like what portfolio we have, and well continue to build upon it.  Although Luis didnt get any questions asked today, these international markets, they are volatile, but they will enjoy long-term growth. Its where the middle class is coming. And so again, we feel very good about the international. I think you saw firsthand how resilient, small-to-medium size employers are. Hopefully, you had a chance to dig in through some of the detail in the slide deck because, again, it is a good proof point that they are very adapting to the marketplace.  Expense management philosophy is to be smart, thoughtful aligning expenses and revenues. We continue to make that a priority. The IRT integration is on track, and we feel good about its ability to provide long-term value. I feel bad for Tim, he didnt get asked questions about the great investment performance for PGI two back-to-back quarters of plus $7 billion in sales in our mutual fund franchise, which is in this day and age in active strategies, that speaks volumes about the durability.  And Id also be remiss if I didnt call out the 33-year anniversary for Spectrum Asset Management. And theyve done a great job in that preferred space, adding a lot of value and Mark Lieb and his team have just done a superb job leading that franchise. So I wish I could say wed come out and see you in person, but Im afraid its going to be on video conference, but we very much look forward to any follow-ups that are on the call today. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 01:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day August 4, 2020, 2169068 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. Thank you for participating, you may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's first quarter 2020 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. We also posted an additional slide deck on our website with details of our U.S. investment portfolio. Following the reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Due to the current environment, we've made the decision to delay our June 23rd Investor Day and cancel our September 16 Tokyo investor event. We are working on rescheduling our Investor Day, and we'll let you know when we have a new date. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. I hope this call finds all of you and your family safe and healthy during these unprecedented times. This morning, I'll share insights on our strong financial position, how Principal is responding to COVID-19 pandemic and key performance highlights for the first quarter. Deanna will follow with additional details of our capital and liquidity position, the financial impacts from COVID, our investment portfolio and our first quarter financial results. We started 2020 in one of the strongest financial positions in our history and in a better position than we are going into the global financial crisis. While Deanna will provide additional details, I'll share a few insights and highlights that speak volumes to the changes we've made to our business model since 2008. At the end of the first quarter, we had over $3 billion in available cash and liquid assets as well as access to revolving credit facilities to use for liquidity purposes. And our capital position is strong with over $1.7 billion of excess and available capital as well as access to contingent capital facilities. We'll continue to be diligent stewards of our capital during these challenging times while weighing opportunities as they arise. We have a high-quality, diversified investment portfolio that aligns with our liabilities. The general account has grown in recent years, but so has the quality of the portfolio. Over the past several years, we've intentionally prioritized risk management. I want to thank our employees for how resilient they've been in responding to COVID crisis. From the onset of the virus, we have prioritized their safety. Our past investments in technology and digital solutions allowed us to quickly transition our employees around the world to work remotely. Today, 95% of our global workforce is remote, with no meaningful impact to our operations or our ability to serve our customers. Our call centers have remained fully operational, and we've provided easy access to important information on our website for our customers. Our sales and service professionals are able to take on new business and support existing customers with our digital tools. Throughout our 141-year history, we've staked our reputation on demonstrating an ability to adapt and to be there for our customers, employees and communities. The COVID health crisis has tested every aspect of our business, and I'm proud of our nearly 18,000 employees who responded with dedication, resiliency and perseverance. This pandemic is impacting all of us in some way, and we're adjusting all of our businesses to help our customers manage through some of the near-term challenges created by the virus. We've taken actions to help and reduce the short-term financial burdens for our customers by waiving certain fees for participants that need to take COVID-related withdrawals and loans from their retirement accounts. Additionally, we've waived certain fees for retirement plan sponsors impacted by COVID to allow participants to access these programs or, if needed, reduce or suspend their employer contributions. We've extended grace periods for premium payments to prevent laps in coverage, and we've temporarily paused rate increases for our group insurance customers. As a global company, all of the communities where we have operations have been impacted by COVID crisis. In addition to customer relief, we've started community-giving programs to provide relief to the small and medium-sized business owners and individuals impacted the most. We anticipate these giving efforts through Principal and Principal Foundation in combination with the relief we've already offered to our customers will total more than $25 million. In these times, we're reminded why we're in the business, tell people save enough, protect enough and have enough. And these words take on a very different meaning during this time. While these are unprecedented times, we remain committed to our long-term strategy and a diversified business model. We'll continue to serve small, medium and large employers who value the comprehensive products and services that we provide to meet the long-term retirement and protection needs of their employees. We look to support their recovery in any way we can. If you recall, the small to medium-sized business market was resilient as it was the strongest market to recover after the last recession in 2008. We have purposely diversified across geographies, plant size and industries. Moving to our first quarter results, we delivered non-GAAP operating earnings of $320 million, with limited COVID-related impacts. Excluding significant variances, earnings were flat compared to the prior year quarter despite foreign currency headwinds. Compared to the sequential quarter, total company AUM decreased $104 billion to $631 billion at the end of the first quarter. This decline was driven by unfavorable market performance and foreign exchange rates. Additionally, we have ended the quarter with $140 billion of AUM in our China joint venture and $780 billion of assets under administration in the Institutional Retirement Trust or IRT businesses. The integration of IRT businesses continue, and retirement plans will start to migrate to our platform later this year as planned. Despite the disruptions in the markets, total company net cash flow was a positive $3 billion for the quarter after a very promising first two months of the year. RIS-Fee had $2.1 billion of positive net cash flow. This was driven by sales of $4.8 billion and strong reoccurring deposit growth, up 14% versus the prior year quarter. RIS spread had $0.5 billion of net cash flow in the quarter driven by $2.3 billion of sales, including a record $1.5 billion of pension risk transfer sales. While sales were strong in the first quarter, we do see the pipeline slowing down due to low interest rates and the impact this environment is having on funding ratios of pension plans. Principal International also generated $300 million of net cash flow and markets 46th consecutive positive quarter, driven by positive flows in Brazil, Mexico and Hong Kong. When not included in the reported net cash flow, China had $8.2 billion of negative net cash flow in the quarter. This was mainly due to the outflows in the first two months of the quarter, partially offset by positive flows in March as a result of a flight to quality. Principal Global Investors sourced net cash flow was a negative $300 million. This was the result of institutional outflows driven by client rebalancing activities as well as the real estate asset sales earlier in the quarter to take advantage of market conditions and harvest gains for clients. This was partly offset by record quarterly sales for our U.S. mutual fund and CIT platforms. Turning to Slide 11. Our investment performance remained strong. At quarter end, 80% of Principal mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for the five years and 77% were above median for three years. Additionally, for our Morningstar-rated funds, 73% of the fund's level AUM had a four or five-star rating. This strong performance positions us well to attract and retain assets going forward. I'll also share some noteworthy third-party recognition of our efforts. Barron's named Principal Global Investors as a top five Best Fund Families for 2019. And Lipper named our Principal Blue Chip Fund as the best fund over the past five years in the large-cap growth funds. We're also been named by Barron's as one of the 100 Most Sustainable Companies in America. Throughout this recent market turmoil, we have not forgotten or moved away from our core values. We talk about withdrawals and claims in terms of numbers, but it is times like this that we need to remember the human impact in people's lives behind these numbers. We are here to help our customers navigate through the good times and the bad, and I could not be more proud of how our teams have come together to help. With that, let me turn it over to Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. I hope you are all staying safe and healthy. This morning, I'll discuss our current financial position, impacts from COVID-19, details of our investment portfolio and the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter. Now more than ever, we're committed to helping and protecting our customers. Tragically, there has been and will continue to be loss of life and livelihood as a result of this pandemic. We're focused on providing stability and protection to those who trusted Principal with their life and disability insurance, retirement plans or investment portfolios. We're offering relief where we can and providing resources for individuals and businesses as they manage through this crisis. We know everyone wants to get back to normal. And regardless of how long that takes, we'll be here to answer questions, provide protection and help our customers emerge from this crisis. COVID has certainly impacted where and how we do business, and we've added additional details in our conference call presentation to highlight the various impacts, most of which have yet to materialize. It's important to recognize that the current environment is unprecedented. Unlike market corrections in the past that was driven by technicals, the current volatility is event-driven. There is an uncertainty around how long this will last and what the path to recovery looks like. We are forecasting the potential impacts under a range of scenarios and are being prudent in our decisions relative to that range of outcomes. As shown on Slide 6, our capital and liquidity position remains strong. At the end of the first quarter, we had $3 billion of available cash and liquid assets at the total company, and we have $800 million of revolving credit facilities available for liquidity purposes. We had over $1.7 billion of excess and available capital at the end of the quarter. This includes $1.2 billion at the holding company, nearly $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries and $140 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk-based capital ratio at the end of the quarter, estimated to be 409%. We also have access to a contingent capital facility that allows us to borrow up to $1 billion, the current fair value of the treasury assets in that facility. We target at least $800 million at the holding company to be able to meet the next 12 months of obligations. In the near-term, we're focusing on maintaining our capital and liquidity targets at both the life company and the holding company. Our non-GAAP debt-to-capital leverage ratio, excluding AOCI is low at 22%. Our next debt maturity of $300 million isn't until 2022, and we have a well-spaced ladder debt maturity schedule into the future. We're in one of the strongest financial positions in our company's history, and we have the financial flexibility needed to manage through this time of economic uncertainty. We're also taking time to understand the potential impacts COVID could have on our business and our financial results. January and February, we're off to a good start with strong sales and net cash flow across many of the businesses, but things quickly took a turn in March as the pandemic escalated, especially outside of Asia. The most direct COVID-related impacts in the first quarter were in specialty benefits. Pretax operating earnings benefited from lower claims as dental and vision provider offices closed toward the end of the quarter. We did not have any known COVID-related deaths and only minimal COVID-related short-term disability claims during the first quarter. COVID-related expenses of less than $1 million in the first quarter were modest, in large part, due to the investments we had previously made in technology and digital solutions for our employees, customers and advisers. Slide 5 provides details of potential financial impacts from COVID and market volatility that are starting to emerge. We're keeping an eye on several key indicators to gauge the potential magnitude of the impact. In the retirement business, we're closely monitoring both plan sponsor and participant behavior. And so far, the trends have been manageable. Plan sponsors are just starting to reduce or suspend their company match. So far, we've only had a small percentage of plan sponsors make a change. From a participant withdrawal perspective, COVID-related withdrawals have been ramping up as expected, but in total, participant withdrawals are only slightly elevated. Some plan sponsors have delayed transferring their plans until later in the year, but only a handful have canceled. This will likely impact the level and pattern of sales but is expected to benefit our retention levels in 2020. The recent spike in unemployment is starting to have some impacts as we move into the second quarter. We expect the growth in group benefits premiums as well as retirement recurring deposits will moderate the remainder of the year due to COVID-related layoffs, furloughs and reduced contributions to employee benefit plans. Full year 2020 sales could be pressured across many of our businesses due to the low interest rate environment and as our customers focus on managing through the pandemic. Whereas this could negatively impact earnings, it reduces the amount of capital needed to support organic growth. Unlike the global financial crisis, the U.S. government has responded quickly with large fiscal and monetary stimulus programs. Some of the impacts we've seen so far in April may reverse course as companies and individuals start receiving support. We have a good history of effectively managing our expenses in line with revenue during times of stress. The environment is different now, but we have a playbook on how to manage through revenue declines. Some of our expenses are naturally lower right now, like travel, sales related expenses and bonus accruals, and we're being very intentional on reducing other expenses, including hiring third-party spend as well as marketing and advertising. We're reviewing all expenses, but we're going to continue to make investments in our business, including , in order to drive long-term growth. Many of these past investments are helping us serve our customers and advisers in the current environment. On Slide 7, we highlight our first quarter capital deployments and potential impacts to our capital position as sales have slowed in our interest rate-sensitive businesses, less capital is needed for organic growth. This will mitigate the expected capital impacts from impairments and drift in our investment portfolio. We deployed $372 million of capital in the first quarter, including $154 million for common stock dividends and $218 million in share repurchases. We paused share repurchases in early March as the COVID pandemic emerged. We have $850 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization, and we will continue to evaluate and be prudent on future repurchase activity as we gain clarity on the path forward. M&A opportunities have slowed due to COVID, and we expect the opportunities that may have been slated for 2020 to likely be delayed until 2021. We now expect our full year 2020 external capital deployments will be between $800 million and $1 billion, below the $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion targeted range. With the fluidity of the environment, we'll continue to evaluate and keep you updated with our current thoughts. Last night, we announced a $0.56 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, unchanged from the first quarter, and our dividend yield is approximately 7%. As shown on Slides 8 and 9, our investment portfolio is high quality, diversified and well positioned. And importantly, we haven't changed our investment strategy. Slide 9 provides the detail of our U.S. fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loan portfolios. These make up nearly 90% of our U.S. investment portfolio. As you can see, the portfolios are high quality, and we're better positioned relative to 2008. A few key takeaways. We currently have a $1.7 billion pretax net unrealized gain position in our U.S. fixed maturities portfolio, and our risk exposure to in-focused corporate credit sectors is manageable. The commercial mortgage loan portfolio has an average loan-to-value of 46% and an average debt service coverage ratio of 2.6x. We have a diverse and manageable exposure to other alternatives. And importantly, our liabilities are long-term, and we aren't forced sellers. We're focused on understanding the potential impacts to our capital and liquidity position under a wide range of economic scenarios. Under the baseline scenario for 2020, which is conservative and has yet to play out, our capital and liquidity positions remain at or above targeted levels. Moving to our first quarter financial results. Net income attributable to Principal of $289 million reflects minimal credit losses of $20 million, which includes changes in valuation allowances recorded under the new CECL accounting standard. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $320 million for the first quarter or $1.15 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, but including the impact of FX, non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were flat compared to first quarter 2019 despite foreign currency translation headwinds. We had three significant variances during the first quarter, including a negative $47 million impact in Principal International due to lower-than-expected encaje performance in Latin America; negative $25 million of higher DAC amortization and RIS-Fee, driven by the point-to-point decline in the equity market; and a negative $1 million impact in RIS-Fee as IRT integration costs were mostly offset by a reduction in the earn-out liability during the quarter. First quarter 2019 reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings benefited by $33 million from significant variances. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the first quarter, the S&P 500 index decreased nearly 20%, and the daily average was flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Moving to foreign exchange rates. I'd like to remind you that revenue, expenses and pretax operating earnings are translated using average foreign exchange rates, while AUM is translated using the spot rate. Unfavorable movements in spot rates decreased first quarter AUM by $27 billion relative to the fourth quarter of 2019. Spot rates for Brazil, Chile and Mexico reached historical lows in the first quarter. Movement in average rates were also unfavorable in first quarter. The majority of the decline in foreign exchange rates didn't occur until March, and we expect this will have a bigger impact to translated earnings going forward. First quarter pretax operating earnings impacts included a negative $4 million compared to fourth quarter 2019, a negative $50 million compared to first quarter 2019 and a negative $29 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Mortality, morbidity and other claims experience were in line with our expectations for the first quarter in RIS spread and better than our expectations in specialty benefits, as I discussed earlier. In individual life, mortality losses were worse than expected due to higher severity. As a reminder, RIS spread typically benefits from seasonality of experience gains in the first half of the year. Both long-term and short-term interest rates severely declined during the first quarter. Our near-term earnings are most sensitive to changes in the interest on excess reserves or IOER rate. The IOER rate was lowered 145 basis points in March to 10 basis points. While there was a small impact to IRT Trust and Custody revenue and the pretax operating earnings in the first quarter, most of the impact will be felt the rest of the year. For the business units, first quarter results, excluding significant variances, were largely in line with expectations, and we've added additional details in the slides. The legacy business in RIS-Fee continues to perform well. Excluding significant variances, the margin for legacy business was 30% in the first quarter. The migration of the IRT business remains on track and will start later this year. As the IRT business migrates, results will be combined into our existing businesses, and stand-alone details of the legacy business won't be available. The fundamentals of our legacy retirement business remained strong in the first quarter, with $4.8 billion of sales, $2.1 billion of net cash flow, 14% growth in recurring deposits compared to the prior year quarter, low contract lapses, and we added more than 450 plans and nearly 75,000 participants to our legacy-defined contribution business during the quarter. This does not include any IRT customers. Excluding unfavorable encaje in foreign exchange headwinds, Principal International's pretax operating earnings were in line with our expectations. Slide 19 provides our earnings sensitivities to macroeconomic changes. These sensitivities are a good way to estimate impacts to our 2020 operating earnings. It's important to note that we are not as interest rate sensitive as our peers due to our diversified business model. In closing, these are unprecedented times. We expect COVID will continue to present challenges to people and businesses all over the world. Starting from one of the strongest financial positions in our company's history, Principal will continue to navigate this crisis through a strategic lens and will make purposeful decisions for our employees, customers, communities and key stakeholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning, everyone. First, I just had a question on the asset management business, PGI and the flows being negative this quarter. Can you talk about how flows in that business trended through the quarter? And whether most of the negative flow result was because of what happened in March? And/or had you been weak throughout the quarter? And then any commentary you're able to offer on trends in the business in terms of flows in April?
Dan Houston: Yes, very good. Good morning, Jimmy. And I'll throw it right to Tim, who's our  certainly, our resident expert, doing a great job running PGAM. So Tim?
Tim Dunbar: Yes. Thanks, Jimmy. So for the quarter, we had negative $0.3 million or $300 million in net cash flows. And I do think, as you suggest, it was a sort of tale of two sales during the quarter. So for the first two months, January and February, we actually saw a very strong sales, particularly as it relates to our platforms. And actually, I would tell you that, that really continued throughout the quarter. We did see a lot of churn in our platforms towards the end of the quarter-end March. But overall, we ended up with about $800 million of positive net cash flow on those platforms. And that is actually a record for us, included the mutual funds as well as the CITs. Interestingly, in mutual funds, I would tell you that where we saw the net cash flows were really in equities, blue chip, mid-cap and several of our other equity capabilities. In the CITs, it was really related to stable value. So you could see some of our clients moving to a little bit safer place. On the institutional side, we did see negative net cash flows. That's a combination of some of our clients really taking some of the real estate bets off the table. I think we realized and talked to you quite a bit about the performance fees associated with the hotel fund in Europe that hit in fourth quarter. Those assets actually went out the door in first quarter. There are a couple of other real estate mandates that contributed to that. And then we saw institutional clients really looking to rebalance their portfolios and in some cases, build cash for liquidity or to maybe seize the market opportunity as they saw what kind of disruptions we had. So those were really the basic trends. Overall then for the affiliated cash flows, which would include the general account, we saw a slightly positive, about $100 million in net positive cash flows.
Jimmy Bhullar: And have you seen any improvement or further deterioration in trends in terms of flows so far this quarter?
Tim Dunbar: No. Actually, we are seeing  we continue to see relatively positive results. And I just want to shout out to our distribution team who, as you know, were all working from home. They have really been instrumental in making sure that they remain  continue relationships with our clients. They've done a great job of providing sources of information and insights into the market as well as into the solutions that they need to build their portfolios going forward. And they've just done an excellent job. So initially, as I said, we were seeing flows move to cash and other stable value products. Right now, we're starting to see some of those flows go back into risk assets. You kind of have had a bifurcated group of institutional clients that are  some that are on the sideline right now and taking a very cautious tone. And then you have some that are really poised to take advantage of the marketplace, and we're starting to see those come back into the market. So flows have been relatively good in April.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, appreciate the questions.
Jimmy Bhullar: No problem. Thanks.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. On the capital management side, I was just wondering if you can provide some color in terms of the downward revision? How much of that is related to halting buybacks versus a slowdown of M&A activities? And then also, how should we think about what needs to happen before you start resuming buyback?
Dan Houston: Yes. All good questions. And maybe just I'll hit the last one first and throw it over to Deanna. But as you can appreciate, and everyone in this management team, the people on the phone today, average experience is 33 years. And they were all here during 2008 and 2009. And they have been through this before, and we understand the importance of discipline and ensuring that the capital management gets a high degree of priority. I'd also note that it was Julia Lawler, our former Chief Investment Officer, who's our Chief Risk Officer. And there's just been an enormous amount of work that's been done in the last decade to prepare for this very moment. And so you'll see as Deanna frames for you the capital deployment and the outlook, the mindset that we have on ensuring first that we went into this from a very strong position and it will emerge with a strong position. And we'll be very thoughtful as we navigate our way through. So Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Humphrey, thanks for the questions. So as you know, we did identify on our  in our slides that we have lowered our target for external deployment. We came into the year targeting $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. That includes M&A. It includes our common stock dividends and it includes share buyback. We're now lowering that to a range of $800 million to $1 billion, which does include the $372 million that we deployed in the first quarter. So if you do the math on that, really, what it does imply is that there's limited M&A. We have the reality of the business today and the environment we're in. Those options and activities have very much stalled. It includes us maintaining our shareholder dividend for the rest of the year and at the low end, would have no additional share buybacks and at the high end would have nearly $200 million of share buybacks for the rest of the year. I think it's important to note that when you're thinking about capital deployment in this time of uncertainty, and I think the uncertainty really is evident in that very little of the positive or negative impacts that we're going to see and that are outlined on Slide 7 have really materialized, obviously, you want to be very prudent and likely conservative when you're thinking about your baseline scenario. So I want to just give you a little bit of color on what our baseline scenario includes. And again, that was really what led us to that $800 million to $1 billion. So our baseline scenario would have 50,000 to 100,000 U.S. deaths related to COVID. It would have the S&P 500 dropping to 2,200 in the second quarter and then ending the year at 2,800. Obviously, if you look at the market today, we're above that ending year number already. And it has flat interest rates and IOER for the rest of the year. It has normalizing of spreads as we go through the rest of the year. It has a very significant decline in GDP with a 20 to 22 basis point quarter-to-quarter annualized rate in the second quarter with some improvement in third quarter and fourth quarter. And it has a very  13% second quarter unemployment with some improvement in third quarter and fourth quarter. So I think you'd probably agree that's a conservative baseline assumption, but what is factored into that external deployment target that we laid out. What I would say is we're going to continue to evaluate where we end up in that range. We'll continue to be prudent. But really, we're not going to make any decisions to change that until we gain better clarity on the path forward, how it's playing out in terms of earnings, how it's playing out in terms of drifts and impairments, how it's playing out relative to sales and lapse activities within our businesses. And so again, I think we'll be in a more informed position on the second quarter call and as we go throughout the rest of the year. But that's really how we think about that and how we're framing our capital deployment.
Humphrey Lee: Appreciate the color. Shifting gear, looking at the favorable dental and vision utilization, how should we think about the experience for the balance of the year? Have you had any discussions with potential premium rebate if the utilization were to remain more throughout the year?
Dan Houston: We have, and we've given that a lot of thought. And frankly, all of our businesses, Humphrey, across retirement as well as group benefits. But your question is very specific, so I'll ask Amy to answer those questions for you. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Humphrey, thanks for the question. I want to start with saying  this is unprecedented what's going on in the dental and vision in terms of office closures. And so I think we're all doing the best we can to make sure we get people back to kind of that normal preventative care because its right now not available to everybody who wants to have it. So we know that's going to create some pent-up demand in the second half of the year. But I want to make sure we're kind of tempering that pent-up demand with some things that I think are going to be real, particularly in the dental offices. I think there's going to be some caution for people to go back and get sort of regular non-emergency care. And we're also hearing from our dentists, particularly those that we know well in our network who are saying that they're going to have to have different cleaning and sanitizing procedures in between patients. They're going to have to use personal protective equipment maybe differently than they have in the past. And that might change the speed at which they can see patients on a regular basis. So when we look ahead, we do see that lower claims pattern for dental and vision continuing through second quarter, and then there is going to be some offset in third and fourth quarter. But I'm not sure I see that the dental practices can get back to quite the speed they had before. You asked a question about kind of, I would call it more of a premium relief question. And we've already been looking at premium relief. We've announced May through October that we will do no renewal rate increases. And that's not just for dental vision. That's actually for all of our group benefits products. We think that's the right thing to do, and we think that's the right type of support we should be offering right now. If we continue to see a path that where people can't utilize our products to get normal care, then we will continue to do things and consider other premium relief. So that's kind of what we know right now, and that's the best picture we can give you.
Dan Houston: Humphrey, appreciate the questions. And again, when we get to the second quarter call, I'm sure we'll be able to shed a lot more light on these specific programs. So thank you.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Just to follow-up a little, get a little more clarity on what Humphrey was just asking. When you say M&A options have stalled, is that because you're not at this time prepared to look at more transaction activity? Or there just aren't deals out there? And then with regard to the remaining $200 million of potential in your capital redeployment guidance, I guess that implies that you probably  and just based on Deanna's comments, it implies that you're probably going to wait until the fourth quarter before we would see anything. Is that the right read?
Dan Houston: Yes. I guess the way I would respond to your question, I appreciate it. The first of which is on M&A, I think we'd all recognize that people are very busy in terms of just running their businesses. And M&A is not a sort of a short-term view in our  from our perspective. It's long-term. We've identified targets within each of our businesses that add scale or capabilities, things that we feel would be additive to the organization. Frankly, it was true in the case of the Wells Fargo Retirement business. So we're very disciplined. And right now, the prepared comments we're suggesting, and because we had shed some light earlier that we were having some conversations, that's been pushed off. It's resources on the other end as much as anything else. And frankly, people are grappling with simply running their business. It'd be inappropriate for me to try to speculate on share repurchase. If we work very closely with the Board and the Board Finance Committee on the deployment of capital, it's a very disciplined model. But to speculate whether it's in the second, third or fourth quarter would only be that. And so again, we'll take a very disciplined approach, making sure that we've got plenty of capital for organic growth, making sure that we have enough capital to ensure that if there's drift in the mortgage portfolio or the fixed maturity portfolios, that we're adequately capitalized to deal with that level of volatility. Does that help?
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And then just following up on RIS-Fee. I believe in Slide 5, you have cited net cash flow outlook for the year of 1% to 3%. And typically, you get your biggest deposits in the first quarter and your biggest net flow there. So that kind of helps it along, maybe even get half in the first quarter. So I guess the question is, as you look out over the next 12 months, where might you see that number? And do you think there's going to be a lot of pressure on deposits, given that we are in the recession and the like? So
Dan Houston: Yes. So great question. Renee, do you want to respond, please?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Andrew. When we consider the net cash flow outlook for 2020, we do see that remaining in the 1% to 3% range for 2020. And as you might guess, when we look at sales, we do see that our pipeline has slowed a little bit as a result of COVID. But on the flip side, client retention is anticipated to be better. So to some extent, there's a natural offset to what we might see in terms of sales. With respect to recurring deposits, we had an incredibly strong first quarter with a 14% increase over one  the quarter one year ago. And while we do think that the recurring deposits will moderate a bit through the remainder of the year as a result of the environment that we're in, we do anticipate seeing strength in recurring deposits, which then the last thing that I would touch on with respect to thinking about the annual net cash flow is the participant withdrawal and the behaviors that we might see there. So maybe to frame this a little bit for you. When we take a look at the actual participant withdrawals that we saw in 2009, which was the height of the financial crisis, we saw that those withdrawals were about 11% of average account values. And those withdrawals were for any reason. So hardship withdrawals, loans, persons leaving the plan for any reason. And to frame that or to give you a point of comparison, in 2019, that same figure was about 11%. So we do anticipate we'll see a little bit of a tick up. But when you take everything all under consideration, sales offset by better client retention, continued strong deposits and participant withdrawals that will tick up, but we believe still will be in the manageable range, we feel confident in that 1% to 3% net cash flow projection.
Dan Houston: Hopefully, that helps Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot. Yes. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Youre welcome. All right.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Can you talk about your outlook for real estate, both in terms of valuations for commercial properties and then the implications from forbearance provisions and loss of rent payments on commercial mortgage loans?
Dan Houston: Thats a great question. I was thinking it's almost like describing the meaning of life because there are so many different property types within real estate. And I think that's where this conversation really leads as to the quality of the portfolio and a long history of having demonstrated consistently through these peaks and troughs of the commercial real estate market that our ability to manage that is quite good. And we're fortunate because Tim has played such an important role in that area for a long time. So Tim, you want to respond, please?
Tim Dunbar: Sure. And I'd just remind you that, obviously, we have a very diversified commercial mortgage loan portfolio. And the metrics going into this crisis are quite good. So somewhere around 45% loan to values, 1.6 debt service coverage ratios. I mean actually, we've been very selective about how we've built that portfolio over the years. Right now, we are starting to see some clients look for debt relief. But in April, we had over 99% of our mortgage loans pay on time. We do have a process where we're working with them. As you know, NAIC has given us relief through June, and we're looking for them to continue to give us relief on credit drift through the end of the year. As we look at the various asset classes, we would expect hotels, retail to both be the hardest hit as it relates to valuations. There, we're thinking they might be somewhere in terms of write-downs of 30% to 35%, really depending on the specifics there. So as you know, it's very dependent on the location, depending on the quality of the assets. In our portfolio, we have very little hotel, really not much exposure there at all. And as it relates to retail, were well below the NCREIF index waiting to retail. And then as you look at our retail more specifically, we feel like were really well positioned, really not much exposure to malls, at really only about $128 million in malls and then not much exposure, a lot of exposure to grocery anchored retail, which, as you know, has actually probably been doing pretty well. The rest of the portfolio, were overweight in industrial, a little overweight in office, and those are in marquee locations and are very well positioned. So we would expect to see write-downs probably somewhere in the 20% to 25% range on average. I hope that helps.
Erik Bass: Yes, thank you. And then I think you had a comment in the outlook slides related to a slowdown in just real estate activity and some potential impact on near-term revenues and earnings in PGI. Can you just provide a little bit more detail there, please?
Tim Dunbar: Sure. A couple of things going on there is that, obviously, with the shelter in place orders, the lack of travel, a little bit hard to go out in private assets and inspect those properties and really close on those. And weve seen a real trail off in terms of acquisition and sales in that marketplace. So thats really abated for the time being. Were starting to see a lot more activity pick up. People find ways to get out and inspect those properties either virtually or in person. So we would start to see that pick up. But we do believe that it will be a lag effect, and the third quarter will start to pick up somewhat. And then fourth quarter, we hope, will get back to normal. So the delay or the backup in terms of our revenue associated with that would be related to transaction fees, which we would see being less or a bit pressured and then being able to put clients money to work in some of those real estate strategies that we have.
Dan Houston: Erik, thanks for your questions.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. Can you give some perspective on, I guess, a potential range of margins youd expect an RIS-Fee relative to the baseline scenario that you discussed?
Dan Houston: Yes. I mean, the bottom line is we havent changed our ranges for RIS-Fee. Theyre still very much intact. And itd be very difficult to sort of try to re-imagine what that might look like for the balance of the year. We have fully  our intentions are to deliver on the same level of margin and growth. But Ill ask Deanna to make any additional comments.
Deanna Strable: Yes. The only other comment Ill add, Ryan, is that the rules of thumb that we have given in the past and that were included in the appendix are holding together pretty well. And so I think I would use that as a guide as you think about our growth and margins going forward.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on the commercial mortgage loans. When you were discussing the potential write-down in value, I guess, I assume thats related to the overall property value. But given your low LTV, you wouldnt actually expect material write-downs under your loans themselves.
Dan Houston: Thats right. Tim?
Tim Dunbar: Thats absolutely correct. I think we expect that we will continue to be in a very good position as it relates to actual credit losses on our real estate portfolio. So youre right.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. PFG has always had an SMB focus, which demands local presence that larger new entrants usually dont have. Can you talk about what PFG is doing to demonstrate that local presence in a work-from-home world?
Dan Houston: Its been amazing how fortunate we were to have made the investments that we have in our digital strategy, in particular, in the back office, the middle office but equally on the front office, our ability to connect our advisers and our prospective customers and our wholesalers has been extraordinary. Its working. We feel like weve got great momentum. The pipeline is good. But maybe Ill just ask Renee and Amy to both comment a little bit and Luis because this is an international phenomenon. And again, this is where technology investments have  are rewarding us. So Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. John, thank you for that question. One of the opportunities that we have taken full advantage of with respect to technology is keeping a very close contact with clients, with advisers and consultants and participants as weve gone through these unprecedented times. So we have been very fortunate to not only be able to deploy technology that allows us to reach wide audiences using technology, but also to have the kinds of presentation technologies in place that allow us to continue to showcase our capabilities and continue to allow us to create contacts and deliver on the sale and on retention, on servicing on an ongoing basis. The other thing that I would add is we have been, our sales, our service teams and really not only within RIS, but across the enterprise have been very forward-thinking and very proactive in reaching out to every constituent and providing meaningful information and guidance to them. We have not been reticent. Weve been very present and very active in the marketplace. And so if anything, I believe that our clients, participants, advisers and consultants have learned that they can rely on us through every single economic scenario, and this one, without exception.
Dan Houston: Amy, any brief comments youd like to add?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. I feel similar to Renee in terms of her comments. Weve built a business that knows how to install things like 15,000 new pieces of business a year. And when we can do that, we can do that from home just as easily as we can do that from our offices. So I feel really strongly that we have continued our business flow without interruption.
Dan Houston: And Luis, you and your team have probably been one of the most aggressive on the digital transformation. But  and when you respond, would you also give us a little bit of color because I think the work that youre doing with Ant Financial on the joint venture in China speaks volumes about the ability to ramp up with millions of new customers and billions of AUM.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And John, thanks for asking. We start putting together our digital strategy five years ago essentially. And that is saying, the first stage was to be digital-ready and then to start building and putting tools and solutions together. We have a whole variety of different experience, digital experience, particularly with JVs. China is one. We partnered with Ant Financial. Today, we have more than 10 million customers, digital customers, end-to-end, no human intervention, positive net customer cash flows, and that part of our business is becoming really meaningful in China. Were trying to replicate the same experience in Southeast Asia, also with Ant Financial in a joint venture with CIMB, our partner, using another e-wallet experience. So we will  we are willing to expand all that kind of strength into the Southeast Asia region as well. If you are looking into Latin America, we have been able also to put solutions and tools B2B2C, D2C in different countries, different stages. And we have seen an enormous increase of traffic from our customers and distributors and partners using those tools 3x, 4x, depending on which tools youre looking for. So this is a reaffirmation of that going digital is  was the right decision. And certainly, we are going to continue investing in our strategy.
Dan Houston: Excellent. John, do you have a follow-up?
John Barnidge: Yes, I do, and it dovetails off of this. You said 95% of employees are working remotely. Shelters and places are starting to lift. Do you actually think all 95% are going to go back into an office? Or do you see real estate savings potentially emerging?
Dan Houston: Yes. So the first thing I would say is were going to take our employees health as the highest priority in terms of how we reload our buildings. And as Amy was describing, its been actually heartwarming to see how effective our employees have been working in a remote environment. And youd never test it this long in any sort of tabletop exercise. And its gone, I think, better than all of us would have expected. And by the way, thats a global number, not just a domestic number. We think that well end up with a large percentage of our population that wants to come back into what Ill call a traditional office environment. I think we're going to be more comfortable with having more flexibility in how people get their work done. But I will tell you, there's more employees than you might think that are anxious to get back for the collaborative nature, the friendships. So I think it is going to change things. Having a meaningful change in office or commercial real estate, I don't know. Maybe, maybe yes, but we'll have to see how that goes. But we certainly look forward to the opportunity to have face-to-face meetings with our employees in the future. So hopefully, that helps.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much.
Dan Houston: All right.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just want to start with capital. Deanna I think  or maybe it was Tim talked about some capital relief from the NAIC on ratings drift. So I was curious about that. But also, have you guys sort of quantified what a one notch downgrade across your investment portfolio would require in terms of incremental RBC?
Dan Houston: Yes. So good question and appropriate. Why don't I have Tim take it first and then have Deanna clean it up.
Tim Dunbar: Yes, thanks Suneet. Specifically, what I was talking about with NAIC is that they've granted relief. If you negotiate with some of your mortgage holders to forebear their payments for a period of time. Typically, NAIC would require that if you hadn't received the payment for 90 days that you would have, there would be a fair amount of rating strip for those commercial mortgage loans. They've abated that through June, and we're expecting or hoping that they will continue that through the end of the year. And that's what we're working very closely with the NAIC on along with other association.
Deanna Strable: The other thing I would say is you specifically asked around a one notch drop in every  I'm not sure that's the most realistic scenario. I think if you point to the high quality that we have, and I think the likelihood that most of the drifts and impairments are going to happen, one in flex sectors but two in the lower end of those quality curves. What we have quantified what we think in our baseline scenario, and it's in the $400 million to $800 million range, but that encompasses both drift and impairments. The other thing I think I'd state is that unlike the financial crisis where it took some time for that to materialize. And actually, you saw that kind of even ramp up over the time frame. We actually think that this will be very front-end loaded with the majority of the impact actually happening in 2020. I think if you go back to Slide 7, though, I think we have a number of levers that can offset that. That includes reducing our external deployment, which we've already talked about. It includes some of the expense management actions that we're going to take. And then I do think even though long-term, we want to continue to grow the sales of our spread businesses, when we do see those reduce, we do see lower need for organic growth to support those sales. And that's a pretty significant number when you think about how that might add up. So hopefully, that frames it, but again, that was really looking almost sector by sector and asset by asset to come up with that range and we think it's a pretty reasonable estimate.
Suneet Kamath: Makes sense. And just my quick follow-up is on something you just mentioned. Can you help us think about how much capital is freed from lower sales and sort of the natural capital release that you talked about on that slide?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think it's hard to do because every product has a different capital charge. I think it could be half of what I just said from drifts and impairments in that range. But some of it depends on, does that come in PRT? Or does that come in income annuities or retail fixed deferred annuities? And so the makeup matters, but I think it could be in that range of half of what I said for impairments in drift.
Suneet Kamath: So $200 million to $400 million?
Deanna Strable: Yes.
Dan Houston: Yes, thank you.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The final question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had was on RIS-Fee. I was just interested if you could provide any color on the level of the TSA fees on the Wells Fargo IRT this quarter and how that will progress? Just thinking through the dynamics with revenue decline. And then how much offset do you think you can get from the expense side with that business? And what that means for overall margins and RIS-Fee for 2020?
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks, Alex, for the question. And before I throw it over to Renee, I would just say this. We couldn't be more pleased about the acquisition itself. Some of the economics are not as favorable due to macroeconomic pressures on the business and where we're at in the cycle. But in terms of a strategic fit and putting us in a wonderful position to compete in all size markets, down the road, it's still very, very positive for the organization. Renee, do you want to cover the TSA?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So Alex, again, just to reiterate, we are extremely pleased with this integration. The integration is on track. Client retention is on track. Our value proposition continues to resonate with clients. And also, very importantly, there is an incredible amount of collaboration and teamwork between the IRT team at Wells Fargo and Principal. We really are functioning as one cohesive team. And that matters on several fronts. First off, our ability to deliver the value proposition in a smooth transition to our clients from RIT to principal. But also our ability to work together to control and to manage costs, including that of the TSA so we would anticipate that the TSA expenses would continue to bend down over the course of time as services begin to diminish from the IRT team and as the IRT employees come on to Principal. But the really good news is that everything is on track. We feel good about our ability to smoothly migrate customers, and we couldn't be more pleased with the progress that we've made.
Dan Houston: Thanks Alex.
Alex Scott: Can I  so I have one quick follow-up on that.
Dan Houston: Yes, please.
Alex Scott: Any way to think about the level of those TSA fees? I think they've been hovering around $95 million or so. I mean will they  like do you have a way to reduce those at all before the end of the year when I think you're going to move more of the assets on to your platform?
Dan Houston: Yes, good question.
Renee Schaaf: So Alex, this is Renee again. We would anticipate to see the TSA fees come down as clients and employees begin to migrate. And keep in mind that the clients will start to migrate at the end of this year, but the migration will continue into 2021. So we'll see some moderation of TSA expenses but I think you'll see the largest moderation begin to occur next year.
Dan Houston: Please go ahead, operator.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments.
Dan Houston: Yes, I'd be happy to. When you think through these most challenging times, you ask yourself whether or not the strategy is  has worked and will work. And I think about the 33 million customers that we have. The 200,000 business owners that we have around the world, and the demand for our products and services are relevant and in high demand, and I don't see that changing. So the strategy is very much on track. I have to tell you, I've been humbled by our employees' ability to adapt to this new environment. I couldn't be more proud of their resiliency and their commitment to support our customers, the participant as well as the plan sponsor and our institutional customers. We work, frankly, tirelessly to serve our customers to help them through the crisis with resources, technical support and concessions to help bear some of the burden that employers are going through. I'm convinced the shareholders are going to be rewarded as we work our way through this process, and it is challenging. But with that, I would just say this. I wish you much help and happiness and safety, as you also work through this challenging time and look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day March 4, 2020. 7354068 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open-up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include, Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share performance highlights for the fourth quarter and full year and accomplishments that position us for continued growth. Deanna will follow with details on our financial results and capital deployment. 2019 marked Principal's 140th anniversary and a year in which we closed one of the largest acquisitions in our company's history. We are proud to serve more than 33 million individuals, including China and nearly 200,000 businesses in more than 80 markets around the world, and I'd like to thank both our customers and our employees for being a part of Principal's journey. 2019 was another good year for Principal. We delivered non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.6 billion, a 2% decrease compared to a strong 2018 that benefited from a large PGI performance fee. This result reflects ongoing fee pressure, continued investments in the business and the impact from the Institutional Retirement and Trust or IRT acquisition. Throughout 2019, we continued to demonstrate strong business fundamentals, balanced investments in our businesses with expense discipline and be good stewards of shareholder capital deploying nearly $2.1 billion, including $1.2 billion for the IRT acquisition. This acquisition doubled the size of our U.S. retirement business and positions us as a top three retirement player. The integration remains on track and we'll be hard at work throughout 2020 to make sure the transition is as seamless as possible. While working to integrate the acquisition, we continued to grow our existing U.S. retirement business in 2019. Compared to 2018 RIS-Fee sales increased 30%, reoccurring deposits grew 10% and we saw a double-digit growth in employer matches. I also want to highlight, strong results in U.S. Insurance Solutions, including record pre-tax operating earnings for the segment in 2019. Both Specialty Benefits and Individual Life had record sales in 2019. In particular, Individual Life increased sales by 17% compared to 2018. Additionally, group benefits had very strong in-group growth as our customers expanded their businesses and hired more employees. Our 2019 Principal Financial Well being Index our proprietary survey of small to medium-sized business owners and leaders shows that business owners are expecting continued growth in 2020, while investing in their own employees. We are well positioned to help these business owners grow with our retirement and protection offerings. Over the course of 2019, AUM increased $109 billion to a record $735 billion. This was a 17% increase over 2018 and provides a strong foundation for 2020. Additionally, we ended 2019 with $146 billion of AUM in our China joint venture and $898 billion of assets under administration in the IRT business. After going negative in 2018, total company net cash flow returned to positive for the full year at $17 billion. This included positive net cash flow from every business unit. 2019 capped a strong decade. Principal delivered positive total company net cash flow in nine of the last 10 years, despite a very competitive environment. RIS-Fee had its strongest year for net cash flow since 2012, with $7 billion in 2019. This was higher than our target range of 1% to 3% of beginning of year account value. When the IRT retirement plans migrate to the Principal platform in 2020 and 2021, the assets will be reported in operations acquired. RIS-Spread had $4 billion of net cash flow in 2019, driven by strong sales in pension risk transfer, income annuities and investment only. Principal International also generated $4 billion of net cash flow in 2019 and marked its 45th consecutive positive quarter. This result primarily reflects a rebound in Brazil throughout the year, as well as the strong flows in Hong Kong. Principal Global Investor's net cash flow improved in 2019 to a positive $1.1 billion, including $2.7 billion in the fourth quarter. The New Mexico Scholar's Edge 529 plan funded during the quarter with $1.4 billion now managed by PGI with the majority of these assets invested in our retail mutual funds. This contributed to the best quarter for net cash flow in our retail mutual fund platform since the first quarter of 2015. Clearly, 2019 benefited from the management and distribution changes we've put in place in PGI and we're confident in the opportunities that lie ahead. The synergies between PGI and Principal International continued to evolve and drove a large platform win in Hong Kong during 2019. The team continues to look for opportunities to leverage both our global asset management expertise and the distribution force we have in local markets. The importance of saving for retirement continues to gain traction, as private pension reform discussions advanced around the world in 2019. As a leading retirement provider, we're excited about the approval of the Secure Act in the U.S. We work closely with policymakers and regulators to expand access to retirement saving plans and deliver guaranteed income and retirement through the workplace. Today 30% of the retirement plans we onboard annually in the U.S. are with companies that have never offered a plan. The Secure Act seeks to improve access to workplace retirement plans by allowing small employers to join multiple employer plans and increase tax credits for start-up 401(k) plans. While the Secure Act is an important step to expand workplace retirement plan accessing guaranteed income options, we expect market growth will take time to materialize. Outside the U.S., we continue to use our knowledge and expertise to advocate for plan designs that enable workers to fund retirements that may last 40 years. Throughout 2019, several governments have made pension reform a priority, including Brazil and Chile. With our expertise and global footprint, we'll continue to partner with governments around the world to promote sustainable policies and desired outcomes for its citizens. Turning to slide 5. Our investment performance remained very strong. At year-end, 79% of the Principal's mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median for the five-year and 71% were above median for the three-year. Our one-year performance rebounded to 84% above median compared to 41% at the end of 2018. Additionally, for our Morningstar-rated funds, 87% of the fund level AUM had a four-star or five-star rating at year-end. This strong performance positions us well to attract retain assets going forward. Throughout 2019, we continued to execute on our customer-focused solutions-oriented strategy, as we expanded our global distribution network and array of retirement, investment and protection solutions. We are in more than 120 total placements, with more than 70 different offerings on more than 50 different platforms. This reflects continued strong interest in our specialty solutions-oriented and alternative capabilities as well as our success in getting these investment options added to third-party distribution platforms' recommended list and model portfolios. Additionally, the IRT acquisition enhances our ability to distribute through the consultant channel. Our increased capabilities and depth of relationships with the consultants, RIAs and specialist firms will accelerate our ability to achieve new sales. We also advanced our accelerated digital investments throughout 2019 to create better customer experiences and drive revenue growth while gaining efficiencies. We're now two years in and our investments are on track. We saw incremental benefits to both revenue and expenses in 2019 from these capabilities. For example, Principal Real Start, our new digital and mobile platform to enroll retirement plan participants has shown tremendous potential to get participants on track to save enough for retirement. Since its launch in the fourth quarter of 2018, more than 0.25 million participants completed the experience and shows deferral rates that are 60% higher than other enrollment methods, and one of four participants have elected to auto escalate their deferral rate up to 10%. Additionally, our fully digital experience for purchasing term life insurance launched in the third quarter of 2019 and is one of the first of its kind in the industry. On average, it delivers policies to customers two-thirds faster than traditional methods. While Deanna will cover this in more detail, I want to emphasize our balanced approach to capital deployment. In addition to strategic acquisitions and investments in our business, in 2019, we returned more than $860 million to shareholders through common stock dividends and share buybacks. We enjoyed noteworthy third-party recognition throughout 2019, reflecting our company's dedication to its core values. Pension & Investments named Principal one of the Best Places to Work in money management. And we're one of only five companies to have made that list every year since the program was launched in 2012. We received multiple awards from Forbes, including being named one of America's Best Large Employers; one of America's Best Employers for Diversity and number five on their list of Best Employers for Women; and Cogent Syndicated recognized Principal as a Defined Contribution Service winner with the highest satisfaction score in Plan Advisor Service and Support, as well as Participant Service and Support, the two most critical categories for continued recommendation among defined contribution advisors. While we're incredibly proud of the external recognition, Principal's record level of giving back in 2019 also speaks volumes about our company culture. Our employees donated more than $6 million and volunteered 55,000 hours of their time in 2019 to help people around the world learn, earn and save. This team effort shows how Principal strives not only to do business, but to do good in the communities where we live and work. In closing, I'm very proud of our accomplishments in 2019 and I'm confident in our ability to execute on our strategy in 2020. We'll continue to balance investing in our business, while managing expenses in line with revenues to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning I'll discuss the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full year, as well as capital deployments and our capital position at year-end. Net income attributable to Principal was $301 million for the fourth quarter and $1.4 billion for the full year. Quarterly net realized capital losses of $96 million were primarily driven by derivative losses associated with hedging activities with minimal credit losses. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $396 million for the fourth quarter or $1.41 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings increased 13% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased 14%, compared to fourth quarter 2018. The year ago quarter was negatively impacted by a 14% decline in the S&P 500 and unfavorable macroeconomics in Latin America. Reported full year 2019 non-GAAP operating earnings were nearly $1.6 billion or $5.58 per diluted share. Non-GAAP operating ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation was 13.1% at year-end. The full year non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 16.9% within our 2019 guided range. As communicated on our 2020 outlook call, we expect our 2020 effective tax rate to be between 16% to 19%. As shown on slide 4 we had three significant variances during the fourth quarter including negative $14 million in RIS-Fee, primarily integration costs from the IRT acquisition and a negative $3 million impact in Principal International due to lower than expected encaje performance in Latin America. These were mostly offset by a $12 million benefit in PGI from a reduction in an earn-out liability for Principal Real Estate Europe formerly known as Internos. This reduction was due to a change in the timing and pattern of revenues during the earn-out measurement period stemming from two factors; market dynamics allowed the team to sell several properties and liquidate assets in a fund, maximizing returns for our clients, which is always our priority; and we had a delay in receiving regulatory approval to launch a key fund during the measurement period. Principal Real Estate Europe continues to perform well in their strong interest in their investment strategies. As a reminder in the prior year quarter, we had significant variances primarily due to unfavorable macroeconomic factor that had a net negative $54 million impact to reported non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings. Looking at macroeconomic factors in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 Index increased over 8% and the daily average increased more than 4% compared to the third quarter of 2019. On a trailing 12-month basis the daily average increased 6% in line with our full year price appreciation assumption. Moving to foreign exchange rates. I'd like to remind you that revenue expenses and pre-tax operating earnings are translated using average foreign exchange rates while AUM is translated using the spot rate. Fourth quarter AUM benefited slightly from favorable movements in spot rates relative to the third quarter, but the average rates remained a headwind. Impacts to pre-tax operating earnings included a negative $4 million compared to fourth quarter 2018 as well as third quarter 2019 and a negative $24 million on a trailing 12-month basis. Mortality and morbidity were in line with or better than our expectations for the fourth quarter and full year in Specialty Benefits and Individual Life. Very favorable claims benefited Specialty Benefits' full year pre-tax operating earnings by approximately $19 million, driven by $10 million of favorable group life and disability claims in the fourth quarter and $9 million of favorable group life claims in the second quarter. Over a longer period of time loss ratios remain within our guided range. RIS-Spread had an experience loss in the fourth quarter that was slightly worse than our expectations in the prior year quarter negatively impacting pre-tax operating earnings. For the full year experience was below our expectations with a net negative $20 million change from 2018. Over a longer period of time experience is in line with our expectations. Both long-term and short-term interest rates declined throughout 2019. Our near-term earnings are most sensitive to changes in the interest on excess reserves or IOER rate. The IOER rate was lowered 85 basis points in 2019 including a 25 basis point drop in the fourth quarter. This negatively impacted revenue primarily in the IRT trust and custody business and was reflected in our 2020 guidance for RIS-Fee. Turning to expenses. As we've experienced in prior years, we expected total company operating expenses to be higher in the fourth quarter than the average of the first three quarters due to seasonality of certain expenses. Excluding IRT and higher variable expenses, fourth quarter operating expenses and compensation and other expenses were in line to slightly lower than expected levels. It's critical that we continue to execute on our investments to position us for long-term growth. Our digital investments continue in 2020. We expect the net pre-tax impact to be slightly less than the $50 million to $60 million net impact in 2019 as more benefits are expected to emerge in 2020. The following comments on business unit results exclude significant variances from both periods. Starting with RIS-Fee on slide 6, pre-tax operating earnings of $129 million were in line with expectations. Lower DAC amortization expense was offset by a true-up of costs associated with the IRT business. Full year 2019 net revenue growth of 11% is above our guided range as the acquisition brought on additional net revenue in the second half of the year. The quarterly margin was maintained at 25% in the fourth quarter. Longer term we expect margins to expand once the acquisition is fully integrated and the expense synergies are realized. Importantly, the legacy RIS-Fee business continues to perform well. The fourth quarter margin was 33% for the legacy business above the guided range. As the acquired business begins to transition to our combined platform in 2020, it will become increasingly difficult to provide stand-alone details on the legacy business. The fundamentals of our legacy business remains strong. Compared to full year 2018 sales of $18 billion increased 30%. Defined contribution participant count increased nearly 300,000 participants or 8%. And net cash flow of $7 billion increased 140% and was more than 3% of beginning-of-year account values above the 1% to 3% targeted range. This was driven by strong sales, 10% growth in recurring deposits and low contract lapses. Turning to slide 8. RIS-Spread's pre-tax operating earnings of $92 million were lower than expected primarily due to unfavorable experience losses, lower-than-expected net investment income and the impact of lower annuity sales. RIS-Spread's full year net revenue growth and margin were within our guided ranges. In 2019 account values grew nearly 13% on strong sales of $10.3 billion. This includes a record $3.9 billion of pension risk transfer sales nearly 50% higher than 2018. Looking ahead the pipeline for pension risk transfer sales remain strong despite the low interest rate environment. As shown on slide 9 PGI's pre-tax operating earnings of $132 million were above our expectations. This was primarily due to growth in management fees and performance fees partially offset by higher variable expenses. PGI generated $51 million of performance fees in the fourth quarter. Of this, $32 million was related to a Principal Real Estate Europe fund. Per the acquisition agreement these were distributed to the investment team and the previous owners resulting in an immaterial impact to pre-tax operating earnings. A portion of the other performance fees earned during the quarter were also passed through as compensation. As a reminder performance fees are volatile quarter-to-quarter. Full year 2019 operating revenues less pass-through expenses increased 2%. This was within our guided range and exclude the impact of the accelerated performance fee in 2018. PGI's margin ended the year at 36% within our guided range. Moving to slide 10. Principal International's pre-tax operating earnings of $80 million were in line with our expectations and negatively impacted by foreign currency translation. A benefit from higher-than-expected inflation in Brazil was more than offset by elevated expenses isolated to the quarter. We believe that fourth quarter's pre-tax operating earnings, excluding significant variances is a good starting point to use to estimate PI's earnings in 2020. Excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review, PI's full year margin of 39% was at the high end of our guided range, while net revenue growth of 5% was at the low end of our guided range primarily due to foreign currency headwinds. Turning to slide 11. Specialty Benefits' pre-tax operating earnings of $98 million were strong due to favorable claims and growth in the business. Specialty Benefits had a very strong year and continues to perform well. On a full year basis, Specialty Benefits' premium and fees increased a strong 7% over 2018 and were within our guided range. This was driven by record sales of nearly $400 million, strong retention and in-group growth. The full year margin was over 14%, 130 basis points higher than last year and was at the high end of our guided range. As shown on slide 12, Individual Life's pre-tax operating earnings of $46 million were in line with our expectations. As part of our third quarter assumption review, we lowered our long-term interest rate assumptions. This decreased Individual Life's earnings run rate by about $2 million to $3 million per quarter with the impact beginning in the fourth quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis Individual Life's premium and fee growth of 5% and margin of 18% were within our guided ranges. Individual Life had record full year sales of $270 million, an increase of 17% over 2018 with over 60% coming from the business market as we continue to focus on solutions for business owners. At $96 million for fourth quarter corporate's pretax operating losses were in line with our expectations. For the full year losses of $380 million were higher than our guided range. As discussed on previous calls, higher security benefit expenses as well as increased debt expense and lower net investment income related to the IRT acquisition impacted corporate losses relative to our 2019 guided range. Looking ahead to 2020, I want to remind you that we typically have elevated payroll taxes in PGI and higher claims in Specialty Benefits in the first quarter. Capitalizing acquisition costs in our group benefits business will improve first quarter earnings for Specialty Benefits, but we continue to expect earnings in the first half of the year to be slightly less than the second half. With lower interest rates throughout 2019, I want to provide details on some of the impacts on our general account businesses. During the fourth quarter our new money yield of 3.2% was about 50 basis points lower than the overall portfolio yield excluding variable investment income. This will provide some headwinds to earnings, but it will take time for the new money yield to have a meaningful impact on the overall portfolio yield and our operating earnings. We remain disciplined in updating our pricing for interest rate movements. We're conservative in the products and liabilities we have exposure to and we remain diligent around asset liability management. While higher rates are incrementally positive our diverse business mix positions, us well in this low interest rate environment. As shown on slide 13, we committed and deployed $240 million of capital in the fourth quarter including $152 million for common stock dividends, $84 million in share repurchases and $4 million to increase ownership in one of our focused investment teams. This brings full year capital deployments to nearly $2.1 billion or 150% of net income, well above our $1 billion to $1.4 billion guidance. 2019 deployments included $1.2 billion for the IRT acquisition and more than $860 million was returned to shareholders through common stock dividends and share repurchases. At the end of 2019, we had $168 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. As always, we will continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. As a reminder on our 2020 outlook call, we increased our free cash flow target to 70% to 80% of net income in excess of capital used to fund organic growth. We are targeting $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion of external capital deployment in 2020. The full year common stock dividend was $2.18 per share, a 4% increase over 2018. Last night we announced a $0.56 common stock dividend payable in the first quarter a 4% increase from a year ago. Our dividend yield is approximately 4% and on a trailing 12-month basis we're slightly above our targeted 40% net income payout ratio. Our capital and liquidity position remain very strong including an estimated risk-based capital ratio of 410% at year-end. We ended 2019 with nearly $1.2 billion at the holding company nearly $150 million in excess of our targeted 400% risk based capital ratio and over $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. In addition a low leverage ratio and no debt maturities until 2022 provides us significant financial flexibility. As part of our 2020 outlook, we provided estimated revenue for full year 2019 by business unit to use as a starting point for 2020. Actual results excluding significant variances were within these ranges. I want to remind you that our 2020 margin guidance for RIS-Fee excludes the IRT integration costs. We continue to expect approximately $55 million to $65 million of integration costs in our reported pretax operating earnings in RIS-Fee. We will continue to identify these integration costs as significant variances throughout the year. Looking ahead to 2020, we continue to expect an annual growth rate in non-GAAP operating earnings per share in the high single digits over 2019 excluding the impact of the 2019 significant variances and integration costs in 2020. 2019 was a good year and we remain confident in our diversified business model, as well as our ability to execute on our strategy and consistently deliver above market growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First question I had was on RIS-Fee. Just wanted to see if you could provide some comments on the way the end of year has gone in terms of any changes to the plans, I know there's been some moving pieces around, the way commissions are paid in the past. Also just thinking about the proprietary versus non-proprietary mix of assets, would you anticipate that as a percentage of AUM would sort of begin to flat line? Or would that continue to move down at the pace that it's been moving down?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks Alex. This is Dan. Thanks for the question. A couple of notes before I throw it over to Renee, I don't -- when I reflect on the results for 2019, they were really positive. If you look at that planned growth on a full year basis, over 250,000 new participants being added over that period of time, and frankly the sales number is really, really strong. So the fundamentals of the business remain very much intact. As you know, we've had historically very strong proprietary asset management sales in large part, because performance has been good. And again, it differs on size, whether it's small, medium or large. But we feel very good about our ability to continue to provide a comprehensive bundled solution, including administration, record-keeping and asset management. And there's a lot of collaboration that occurs between PGI and RIS to make that happen. But, I'll throw it to Renee. I know you're excited about what you've got going on, not only 2019 Renee, but 2020.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. Absolutely, so Alex, thank you for your question. And the first question that you had was around the movement that we're seeing from commission-based compensation agreements to fee-based. And the guidance that we provided last year on this was we would typically see about revenue pressures of about 1% to 2% due to this, which of course doesn't impact pretax operating earnings because it's netted out in the expense line. But we -- what we are seeing is exactly in line with that. And so when we look at fourth quarter results we see about a 1% to 1.5% movement from commission to fee-based. And that's exactly what we would anticipate. Your other question dealt with the percent of proprietary assets? And what we might anticipate seeing there. First off, we're really proud of the results, our sales results in 2019. And we introduced pricing and the way that it's packaged to encourage and to incent proprietary -- sales of proprietary assets. And so if you were to look at, the percent of proprietary assets for our small-and medium-sized plans, you would see that they run above market, above the industry. And institutional was pretty much in line with what we see in industry. Despite that, we do see downward pressure on this, as a -- as kind of a normal -- something we've been talking about now for several quarters, it's the result of more propensity for employers, particularly large employers to move towards passes and also the bifurcation of the record-keeping decision from the asset management and the investment management decision. If you look at net cash flows overall for target date funds, they've been fairly flat. But we're pleased with what we see in terms of how we perform to market. But we do anticipate that we'll continue to see pressure here, ongoing simply because of the bifurcation between, record-keeping and investment management decision.
Dan Houston: Does that help Alex?
Alex Scott: Yeah. That is very helpful. And look, I appreciate that the flows and the sales have been quite strong there. So I don't mean to take away from that. Second question I had was just on Secure Act. If you could provide any more details on sort of the action plan, are you going after multi-employer pooling? And is there anything in the works there?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Certainly and as you know we advocated for the passage of the Secure Act. We feel good about it. Really sort of three key pieces. The first of which is the formation as you know the -- of the MEPs multiple employer plans. We've been in that business for a very long time. So we understand how to work with contracts that have adopting employers. So the fundamentals are very much in place. There will be a change. We'll end up partnering with a third party, to help us facilitate that. But there's very much a battle plan in place to help, provide small- to medium-sized employers, gain coverage and improve adequacy. The other was the in-plan income solution, which again, we've been in the annuity business for 75 years. We know how to do that. The safe harbor is going to give customers more confidence about adding that provision. And then there's a small incentive for small plan formation in the way of a tax credit. So I'd say, all in all, we look at that as being a positive. And as I said in my prepared comments, this will take time to emerge. This won't happen overnight. But just like the last major piece of pension legislation which for me was auto enrolling and auto escalate these things collectively put us in a better position to cover more American workers, so, that positive for the Secure Act.
Alex Scott: Thanks very much.
Dan Houston: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. First just one follow-up on the Secure Act and it's specifically the open MEPs. Do you see that, as all kind of new opportunity? Or do you get a sense many of your existing small plans that they may be looking to move into kind of an open MEP structure to try to lower their costs?
Dan Houston: Yes. I actually think it's going to be for more new than existing. And again you have to recognize -- and we again as I mentioned earlier Erik have some experience in this space because there are limitations. There will be a limited number of planned choices. There are other constituents involved in the decision-making. So, not only will we see emerge multiple employer plans with both multiple record keepers out there providing those services, but I got to believe every single organization like Principal will participate there and as we continue with this digital transformation have our own small employer plans that are very cost-effective very convenient and would effectively allow them to have perhaps a little bit more flexibility. But Renee you want to add some additional comments there?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. I agree that I think we'll see most of the planned take-up be with new plans and start-up plans. Perhaps the one reason why existing plan sponsors might be interested in an open MEP is if they can curtail their fiduciary liability. And we're still waiting on final regs to see exactly how that may play out but that could be a driver for -- to incent existing plans to adopt the open MEP structure. But I agree it's going to be predominantly driven by new plans and start-up plans.
Dan Houston: But the regs for what I'd describe in three buckets is over 800 pages long and it's still going to require the industry to digest that.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. Appreciate the color there. And then just secondly I was hoping you could talk about the impact of the macro and political disruption in Hong Kong and Chile. And just provide an update on what impact do you see that having potentially on near-term results in these markets and for Principal international overall.
Dan Houston: It's a good question. I'll make a few comments before throwing it to Luis. And again I think as a reminder to all of us as you think about what is appropriate pension policy by country you also have -- and although we don't aren't in the record-keeping business in France, you also have people on the streets demonstrating against the changes to their pension policies. And we've been saying for years that the era of personal responsibility and accountability is here. Governments aren't in a position to fund it. And sure enough as you look at Chile and Hong Kong and France and other areas around the world including Brazil, you're seeing more pressure being placed on elected officials to come up with a reasonable retirement policy for people aging. And so on one hand, it's a huge opportunity for Principal at the same time we've got to make sure that we're advocating and we're helping steer and drive pension policy. And I can't think of a better person to talk about that on the international front than Luis Valds. Luis?
Luis Valds: Okay. Thank you very much. Hi Erik. A couple of things first to start with. The root cause of these social unrest in Hong Kong and Chile are first of all completely different. Also the other thing that we have to keep in mind that in both places they do have different political systems in nature, so hence the evolution pace path of the negotiations and solutions are going to be different are going to take quite amount of time and at this moment are kind of unknown. What do we have in common in these two places? First, we have had no major disruptions in our operations in both places and we have had second a minor short-term financial impact in both locations. I wanted to say something. We're reporting record AUMs for Hong Kong for 2019 and we're reporting on a trailing 12-month basis record operating earnings for Hong Kong as well. So, this is a micro scenario in the short-term going into macro perspective. And having said that and because the severity and the duration of this social unrest both markets are going into a no growth if not in a recession for the next couple of years. So, what we're doing in light of this new reality we are recalibrating our operations in Chile and in Hong Kong with two main objectives; first of all to continue servicing our clients and to protect their interest and to continue improving their customer experience and second, to keep our expenses in line with our revenues going forward. We're well prepared and we continue monitoring how the macroeconomics are going to evolve in those markets, but we're taking actions and -- actions in order to be pretty much more in line about is -- might happen in those markets.
Dan Houston: Hopefully that helped Erik.
Erik Bass: Yes. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First on the -- overall, your results are obviously pretty strong, but it seems like retirement earnings for each of the past -- the fee side each of the past couple of quarters have been a little light. And I'm not sure how the wealth block is performing versus your initial expectation and specifically on how much of a headwind the low fed funds rate is for income on trust accounts for the acquired block.
Dan Houston: Okay. Good questions. And make no mistake there is a headwind with interest rates continuing to fall and it is having a negative impact on that trust and custody business. But again I get back to the fact we're in this for the long haul and feel very good about the fundamentals. Renee you want to talk a little bit further about the integration and where we stand?
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. Thank you for the question Jimmy. And I think first-off to just speak a moment about the fourth quarter results for fee. We're very pleased with the results, particularly when you look at the legacy business, the growth that we're seeing there, the profitability that we're seeing there, really very good and very strong. Our sales results I think and our net cash flow results are particularly pleasing and we're excited about the impact that we see on TRS. Our new sales are really being fueled by TRS. And that goes all across the board in terms of defined benefit sales being up 33%, ESOP beat sales being up 70%, a record year for sales for nonqualified. So, a lot of strength in the organic growth machine of that legacy business. As you pointed out when we look at the IRT business, the area of pressure that we have seen is in the interest on excess reserves. And we saw an 85% decline in the basis points that would reflect for that business. And so, we are seeing pressures there. That's been accounted for in terms of our guidance for 2020, but it does pressure results for the fourth quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: And how much of a -- are you going to quantify how much of a headwind that is on an annual basis, if you're assuming a stable fed fund rate this year versus where it would have been when you announced the deal?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So, if you were to take the 85 basis points and annualize that the impact on revenue is about a $25 million to $30 million impact annualized. But to state it differently, so we have that of course baked into our 2020 outlook.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And if I could ask one more. You've been fairly active with deals, but most of them have been small sort of tuck-in type transactions international markets and asset management. So, if you would just comment on your interest in deals, and specifically if you would be open to a large transaction. You've been mentioned as an acquirer of some of like large public companies in the press recently, but just wanted to see if that's something that you would be open to as well.
Daniel Houston: Well, right now what I would say is we are going through the digestion process of the Wells Fargo IRT business. Our highest priority is successfully migrating those customers, the employees, the participants and reassuring the advisors and the distribution community that we are and they're with safe hands. And so, job one, successfully migrate those customers. And so, we've got our hands full for another five quarters, say, as we transition through that limited resources to execute and bring those clients on board. But again, as Renee was saying, we're very happy about the progress. In other parts of our business, asset management is not as connected in terms of the resources. And if there is the right opportunity that presents itself to Tim Dunbar and his team around asset management that allows us to add capabilities and scale, we would want to do that. Outside the country, in terms of replicating more of what we do for PI, we've been on record before. We like the countries that we're in. From time-to-time we do get presented with the opportunity to again add capabilities and scale, and we would -- we'd look at each one of those on a one-off. But bottom line is right now we've got our hands very full with digesting what we have on the full-service side. Does that help Jimmy?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: The next question is from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for thank you for taking my questions. I have a follow-up question to Erik's question earlier for Principal International. So -- but looking at the kind of expenses for this quarter, they looked a little bit elevated. And then specifically looking at earnings contribution by country on a local currency basis and adjusted for encaje, Chile was lower than what it had been running for the past few quarters, and then also China looked a little weaker. Like I was just wondering can you talk about what's going on there? Like from Luis' comments earlier, it didn't sound like there's any. Any structural changes or any systemic things going on in there? But I was just wondering is there any kind of some one-off expenses or anything that you can provide some color on?
Daniel Houston: I'll make two broad statements before asking Luis to add to it. And the first thing I would say is, when you're dealing with emerging markets there's always a lot of volatility. There's political volatility, currency, FX, inflation. Certainly encaje introduces its own set of complexity. So we're quite accustomed to the fact that if you're going to do business in emerging market, it comes with a lot of volatility. The second thing I would point out and I still remember the 10 years of which PI was such a big tailwind every single quarter, PI represents about 19% of our earnings. And if I add Chile and Hong Kong together it's about 10% of the total earnings. So, the bottom line is we are at any given time going to have disruption and volatility in these various markets in which we do business. And I wouldn't look at any one quarter and any one year around expenses, and somehow think that that was not something that we wouldn't manage effectively. So, Luis you want to take it from there?
Luis Valds: Yes. Humphrey, let me start with China first in order to try to explain what you were asking. We have  certainly, it looks like the fourth quarter for China is kind of a low quarter. We have a delta between third quarter and fourth quarter of $2.9 million in OE pre-tax and we have a delta of $3.5 million in revenues. So let me try to explain this very, very quickly. The whole difference is about the average AUMs for the fourth quarter. When you look in the fourth quarter end-to-end comparison with three quarter it looks flat. But we have a lot of volatility. The intra-quarter, particularly we have $7 billion of negative net customer cash flows in October than we had positive net customer cash flows considering November and December. So the whole quarter we have a $3.3 billion negative net customer cash flows but the path was completely different. So the average was pretty much more lower than the  you can expect. So with that, the impact in our revenues just because of the lower average AUM it was at $2.2 million to start with then you have another small impact in terms of $0.5 million in FX. Having said that, this was totally expected for the year, the $5.5 billion negative net customer cash flows in 2019 after having $33 billion, positive billion dollars in net customer cash flows in 2018. The reason for is that there is a profound movement from money market funds in which we're heavily weighted in the Chinese market into equity markets during 2019. We were pretty flat when the average industry had a negative 6% down from money market funds. So we are doing I would say well end-to-end. But the explanation for China is average AUM for the fourth quarter. Going into Chile, certainly we should have a $26.1 million to explain in OE. Let me go very quickly with that. Easier to explain the delta is at $15 million in cash here, $13 million positive in third quarter, minus $3 million negative in the fourth quarter. So you have a net of $15 million there. Elevated prepayment fees in the third quarter by $4 million. And then the FX impact in term of revenues was another $6 million just within the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So with those numbers you can make the math for Chile. So in a constant basis and adjusted basis, Chile, third quarter and fourth quarter was a flat, I would say a flat growth for Chile. That is essentially the explanation for both countries.
Humphrey Lee: I appreciate the color. Thank you for that. Shifting gear to PGI. Net flows were positive for the full year. And as you look into the pipeline for 2020, do you expect the positive flows to continue? And then I have another question on the performance fees there.
Dan Houston: I know. I do. I'll ask Tim to answer for himself. Tim?
Tim Dunbar: Yes. Thanks a lot for the question. We did see a lot of momentum building in 2019 for our net cash flows. I think we talked a little bit about some of the changes that we've made to management and to the distribution team and really to the infrastructure and the ecosystem of our  of distributing our products and that bodes really well. I think the other thing I'd mention is just the strong investment performance. And while it's nice to see a pop in the short-term investment performance, what I think I'm most proud of and what we really focus a lot of our efforts on is really the consistency of the long-term investment performance. And if you look at that three-year 71%; five-year 79%; 10-year 91% that really bodes well for the types of solutions we're trying to create for our clients and our strategy of building retirement investments for all of our clients.  So I think that's the backdrop of how we feel about moving into 2020, which is we have some momentum gaining. Obviously, each quarter we'll have dynamics that will be a little volatile or a little different from quarter-to-quarter. But as we look at the backdrop, we have a strong pipeline, we have strong interest in a wide array of our diverse capabilities. So we look pretty positively at 2020.
Humphrey Lee: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Good morning.
Dan Houston: Good morning.
Andrew Kligerman: One follow-up on the Secure Act. A few years back you used to provide some stats on what were your small accounts and I think maybe we could get a sense of what the fees on those accounts were. Could you give us a rough idea of what percent of your RIS deposits relate to small accounts and what the fee range is there? And with that answer, as we move to MEP, what would be the differential in fees, if those accounts were to move into a MEP?
Dan Houston: Yes. So I want to make sure you get a good answer here, but I certainly don't remember providing historical pricing, because the reality is that we custom price nearly all of these plans and are they TRS are they not, what percentage of proprietary product? And there is such a wide range there. What you can sort of expect as I sort of -- even the definition of what is small, what is medium and what is large. And the reality is it kind of in our mind we break it into one-third, one-third, one-third. About one-third of that total account values are in the small, about one-third in what we describe as a medium. And then one-third which is large. And proportionally the basis points that you get on a smaller plan is going to be larger than the very largest plans that we have. But on average, the margins are very comparable in the end. So getting back to the full question around MEPs, that is a question I think that is still yet to be answered. Make no mistake there will be a lot of costs associated with the establishment and the oversight of these MEPs. I don't want anybody to get off this call thinking that it's a panacea that with the passage of a MEP there's all of a sudden going to be an incredibly low-cost option out there because it -- I just don't think that that's going to materialize. It will over time provide choice to small employers as Renee described earlier who may not or may feel that there's a different fiduciary role that's being completed or different investment options. But I suspect, we're a year away from being able to answer your question Andrew on the specificity around the competitive nature of -- in a MEP or a small plan.
Andrew Kligerman: Got you. Okay. And then maybe shifting over to Specialty Benefits. And you had a really nice change in premium over the last 12 months of fee premium and fees of about 7%. As you look forward, where do you see most of the growth coming? Would you expect it in voluntary? And with that, are you seeing any signs of heavy competition and pricing pressure?
Dan Houston: I can never remember a time where we didn't have heavy competition and pricing pressure in any of these businesses. But again, a lot of credit to Amy and her team for what they're putting in place their focus, their retention. But I'll let her specifically answer your question.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. With regards to -- kind of starting with the pricing pressure, I think we do always see that pricing pressure. I think what -- and I feel like a bit of a broken record here talking about the small case market. But when you look at the small case market, there are just some dynamics there that sort of serve as natural gates that keep some of our other competitors out of there. You got to do things in the scale to -- you have to process 10,000 cases a year as opposed to 1,000 cases a year. You have to do some things with your in-force pricing. You have to be willing to look at it as an advantage that you can have make a pricing decision because you're -- most of your block is only in a one-year rate guarantee. So what I can guarantee for us is we will continue to grow in that small case market. We've built a system that works for that footprint. We have the underlying technology and we have an awesome sales force lined up against that. I would argue that some of the relationships we have with brokers and advisors who serve those markets -- and again they're not always the bigger name sort of regional or national players. A lot of these are people who have businesses that serve small local communities and we've established really deep and strong relationships there. So as the economy continues to grow, as businesses continue to hire and add, I would continue to see that being a fuel for our premium and fee growth for SPD.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the questions, Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks.
Operator: The final question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question was on international. You referenced the $80 million of adjusted earnings as a good starting point going into 2020. That seems a bit lower than what was implied by the guidance in December. So, I just wanted to clarify, if I was thinking about that correctly. And if so what caused the change?
Dan Houston: Luis you want to help clarify that?
Luis Valds: Yes. Let me try to put this in perspective because, we have had this discussion. And particularly when you're looking, what we have reported in Q3 first, so it looks like we're -- we have a comparison with that. It's $92 million versus $80 million. It's important to put this in precise very easy to explain the difference. First of all, $4 million headwind in FX. The same $4 million that we have an additional and an elevated prepaid -- prepayment fees and $3 million more about elevated expenses that are related with the recalibration of our business in Hong Kong and Chile. So, if you're taking that in consideration, you -- immediately you're going to make the math between $92 million and $80 million. I really believe that, as we said and Deanna said, the $80 million, $81 million that we're proposing is a good representation of our run rate into 2020 and it's pretty much more in line with our guidance that we put together in the month of December for PI.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thanks. And then, just this last one, Deanna, you mentioned high single-digit EPS growth from a normalized level in 2019. Is the normalized level around $5.55, if I'm making all the right adjustments?
Deanna Strable: $5.55. So, I think -- are you looking at an after-tax basis or pretax basis?
Ryan Krueger: I was -- I think -- I thought the high single-digit growth was for adjusted -- 
Deanna Strable: EPS. You're right. Yes. I don't have that right in front of me. I think how we would do that is, we took out all significant variances in 2019 and then we normalized for the integration costs in 2020. So, we can get back to you on that exact EPS. But that's how -- that's what led to that calculation.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please, sir.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you and appreciate everyone's questions this morning. I just want to assure investors out there that, we spend a lot of time aligning our expenses with our projected revenues. That's always been a hallmark of the organization. It will continue to be a focus of this management team. Second, we made a big bet with RIT and successfully migrating that over. That does not escape us and we focus a lot of time and attention to successfully migrating that business, the support. And you're starting to see the realization of that digital portfolio as we digitize our business and become more relevant. We have enormous confidence that those investments will continue to pay off for investors. So, we're going to stay focused on these efforts and certainly appreciate your continued support. We look forward to seeing you on the road. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time, until end of day, February 4, 2020. 7479802 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's third quarter conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com\investor. As a reminder, the acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement & Trust business or IRT closed at the beginning of the third quarter, and the financials are reported in RIS-Fee. We are continuing to evaluate options for the best long-term financial reporting structure once the business is fully integrated.Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO Dan Houston and CFO Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks, then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions.Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation.And one other item. Please plan to join us for 2020 outlook call on Wednesday, December 11. We'll discuss business unit expectations for 2020 and provide any needed updates to long-term guidance. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share performance highlights and accomplishments that position us for continued growth. Deanna will follow with details on our financial results and capital deployment. In the third quarter, we reported $345 million of non-GAAP operating earnings. Excluding significant variances, which Deanna will discuss, non-GAAP operating earnings decreased 10% compared to a strong year ago quarter. For the trailing 12 months, also excluding significant variances, non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.5 billion were 5% lower than the year ago period. The decline reflects macroeconomic headwinds, ongoing fee pressure in PGI and RIS-Fee and increased investments in the business. As I reflect on our performance and progress over the first 9 months of the year, we continued to demonstrate strong business fundamentals, balanced investments in our business with expense discipline and being good stewards of shareholder capital.We also continued to execute our customer-focused solutions-oriented strategy as we expanded our global distribution network and array of retirement, investment and protection solutions and advanced our digital business strategies to create a better customer experience and drive revenue growth while gaining operational efficiencies.Compared to a year ago and excluding the acquired assets under administration or AUA, total company reported assets under management or AUM increased $36 billion or 5% to a record $703 billion. Year-to-date AUM is up $77 billion or 12%. As a reminder, AUM in our China joint venture of $146 billion at quarter-end isn't included in our reported AUM. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange, China AUM is up 2% compared to a year ago.On a total company basis, we generated $6.9 billion of net cash flow in the third quarter, our strongest result in 3 years. This includes positive net cash flow in all of our businesses.RIS delivered $2.8 billion of net cash flow, its seventh consecutive positive quarter. This was driven by strong sales, retention and recurring deposit growth in RIS-Fee and record pension risk transfer sales in RIS-Spread. Over the trailing 12 months, RIS has delivered over $9 billion of positive net cash flow, almost double the net cash flow in the same period a year ago. Principal International generated $1.6 billion of net cash flow, its 44th consecutive positive quarter. This primarily reflects strong flows in Brazil, where we're leading the industry in net deposits captured year-to-date. It also reflects record net cash flow in Hong Kong as increased collaboration between Principal International and Principal Global Investors drove a large platform win during the quarter. This collaboration is increasingly beneficial as private pension reform discussions advance around the world and governments recognize not only the importance of voluntary savings but also the benefit of using asset managers to improve long-term returns.Moving to PGI. Third quarter PGI managed net cash flow was a positive $2.9 billion. The strength in this measure was broad-based, with institutional, our fund platforms and the general account all delivering positive net cash flow. PGI sourced net cash flow was a positive $1.3 billion compared to a negative $3.7 billion in the prior year quarter. This was PGI's best quarter of sourced net cash flow in 2 years. On a trailing 12-month basis, sourced deposits are up more than $3 billion or 9%, while withdrawals have stabilized as a percentage of the average AUM.Slide 5 highlights the ongoing strength of our investment performance. At the end of the third quarter, for our Morningstar-rated funds, 81% of the fund-level AUM had a 4- or 5-star rating. 75% and 78% of our principal actively managed mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for the 3- and 5-year performance, respectively. And 91% were above median for 10-year performance, with 63% in the top quartile. For 1-year performance, 49% were above median. This was primarily due to the underperformance in the fourth quarter 2018 of certain international equity strategies, which also impacts our target date series. These strategies have improved year-to-date. We continue to make good progress to drive sales growth and improve retention, particularly in the areas of distribution and product development.In the third quarter, we launched more than a dozen new investment strategies across our U.S. and international platforms. Of particular note, we continued to expand our suite of multifactor ETFs in PGI. While these investments are available to the general marketplace, they were designed to give financial advisors more flexibility to allocate assets through a robust wealth of digital platform.We had several key launches internationally as well, including the U.S. blue-chip equity fund on our UCITS platform; the first Chilean mutual fund investing in the real estate sector; and lastly, the Principal Philanthropy Social Impact Bond Fund, the first of its type in Indonesia.Additionally, we continue to refine our investment capability structure in PGI. As client demand for emerging market fixed-income strategies continue to grow, we are bringing together a cohesive emerging market debt team by combining the Finisterre leadership with other PGI talent. This will enable us to provide a full suite of emerging market debt solutions to meet client needs. While we closed a hedge fund in Finisterre during the quarter and took an impairment, we expect the strong growth we've seen in other Finisterre solutions to continue. Our solutions and capabilities continue to resonate in the marketplace, as shown by our ongoing success adding our investment options to third-party distribution platforms, recommended list and model portfolios. Over the trailing 12 months, we've earned more than 100 total placements, with more than 50 different investment strategies on more than 3 dozen different platforms.Now I'll provide more highlights on our business execution, starting with the IRT acquisition that closed on July 1. Some details are provided on Slide 6. It's early in the process, but the integration is on track. Revenue lapses were in line with expectations. Prior to close, we announced plans to unify the RIS leadership team by bringing on board top talent from IRT. These leaders bring a significant amount of acquisition integration experience with them as they have integrated a dozen acquisitions over the past 20 years. Together, we have the expertise and the resources needed to ensure a smooth transition while continuing to deliver organic growth in the business.We're extremely pleased with the large number of positive interactions we've already had with clients, advisors and consultants. As expected, we are already seeing a few benefits. The acquisition adds significant scale and capabilities to our mid- and large plan presence. It strengthens our presence in key industries, including health care, manufacturing and financial services, and it amplifies our leadership position across defined contribution, defined benefit, nonqualified deferred compensation and trust and custody. In terms of technology platform, we determined we would best serve retirement customers by incorporating capabilities from the IRT platform into Principal's proprietary record-keeping platform. Similarly, we best serve the trust and custody customers by retaining SEI, IRT's existing trust accounting platform. Work is on track to integrate and enhance the infrastructure to ensure a smooth transition.In combination with our top-tier service model and our accelerated investment in digital capabilities, we're delivering better outcomes and better experience for plan participants and plan sponsors as well as for consultants and advisors. One example is our new digital mobile participant on-boarding platform, Principal Real Start. Since the fourth quarter of 2018 launch, we've seen 250,000 participants complete the experience. Their average deferral rate is just under 8%, nearly 50% higher than traditional.Additionally, 28% of these participants are saving at least 10% of their income, and 23% are auto-escalating to 10%, both are more than 6x the rate of other enrollment methods. This helps drive reoccurring deposit growth, but more importantly, it puts participants on the path to having enough income in retirement.Another highlight we're proud of in U.S. Insurance Solutions, we're one of the first in the industry to debut a fully digital experience for purchasing term life insurance. More than 95% of the users now apply online with no assistance and approximately 25% completed on a mobile device. This new end-to-end digital process delivers a policy 2/3 faster on average. In many cases, we can have a policy in the client's hands in a few days, and in some cases, just a few hours after issue.We've also updated the Principal Benefit Design Tool, which captures the knowledge we've gained from working with over 140,000 U.S. business owners on building competitive benefits packages, including retirement, dental, disability income and life insurance. Advisors and business owners can create personalized reports on how benefits compare based on size, industry and region.Finally, I'll share some development outside the U.S. that also demonstrates our focus on delivering a better customer experience. In Mexico, we launched a partnership with Club Premier, the most recognized coalition program in the country to offer loyalty rewards to promote savings. And in Hong Kong, we launched a digital on-boarding tool for MPF members.Deanna will cover capital in more detail, but I'll again emphasize our balanced approach to deployment. In addition to ongoing investment in organic growth through 9 months, we've deployed more than $1.8 billion of capital in total, with $1.2 billion for the IRT acquisition and $627 million returned to shareholders through common stock dividends and share buybacks. This includes resuming share buybacks in the third quarter with $44 million of repurchases.We enjoyed some noteworthy third-party recognition during the third quarter. In our global asset management franchise, we won multiple Best Fund awards in Chile, Malaysia and Thailand. Principal Asset Management Berhad was named Investors' Choice -- Fund House of the Year 2019 by FSMOne Malaysia. And Principal Real Estate Investors earned industry recognition for leadership in sustainability and responsible property investing.Additionally, U.S. News & World Report named Principal to the list of Best Life Insurance Companies of 2019. And Ivas & Associates ranked Principal the #1 provider of life insurance in the small-case business market based on case count and premium.The Investment Management Education Alliance recognized Principal with 5 education awards more than any other firm, including awards for digital education and retirement communications. Lastly, Principal Chile and Cuprum both were recognized by Diario Financiero for their commitment to ethical business and integrity. Along with recognition in the first half of the year for our commitment to diversity, inclusion and ethical behavior, the recognition speaks volumes about our culture.During the third quarter, we made clear progress in helping customers and clients achieve financial security and success. We continue to take the appropriate steps to combat competitive pressures to differentiate Principal in the marketplace and to position the company to deliver above-market growth in shareholder value over the long term.Before turning the call over to Deanna, I want to let you know that we're closely following events in certain locations in Latin America and Asia where Principal does business. We're taking the necessary steps to help ensure the safety of our employees while continuing to meet the needs of our customers. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thank you for participating on our call. Today, I'll discuss the key contributors to our third quarter financial results, including impacts of the actuarial assumption review, and provide an update on capital deployment as well as our strong financial position. Net income attributable to Principal was $277 million for the third quarter, including minimal credit losses and a $74 million impairment of an equity method investment. The impairment was driven by the closure of a hedge fund in Finisterre, as Dan discussed earlier. Additionally, Finisterre will be fully consolidated in our financials starting in the fourth quarter. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $345 million or $1.23 per diluted share.As shown on Slide 7, we had pretty significant variances during third quarter, with a net negative $41 million impact to reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings. The significant variances included a negative $40 million impact as a result of the annual assumption review partially due to lowering our interest rate assumptions; $11 million of elevated compensation and other expenses stemming from the IRT acquisition, including $7 million of transaction costs in corporate and $4 million of integration costs in RIS-Fee; and a $9 million net benefit in Principal International, with $13 million of higher-than-expected encaje performance partially offset by $4 million of lower-than-expected inflation, both in Latin America. As a reminder, in the year ago quarter, we had 3 significant variances with a net positive $65 million impact to reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings. This included the annual assumption review, an accelerated PGI real estate performance fee and higher-than-expected variable investment income. This year's assumption review was impacted by economic and experience assumption changes as well as model refinements.For economic adjustments, the most significant impact was in Individual Life from lowering our interest rate assumptions. This included a 50 basis point decrease to the assumed long-term 10-year treasury rate, lowering at 2.4%. In addition, the starting point has dropped significantly from this time last year, and we extended the length of time until we get to the ultimate rate. The 10-year treasury is one of many assumptions for investment income over the life of the business. Experience assumption changes included updates in RIS-Fee and Individual Life. RIS-Fee had the biggest impact as we updated withdrawal assumptions in variable annuities. These items were partially offset by a benefit for model refinements in Specialty Benefits and Principal International. The most significant was in Specialty Benefits, where we updated our models to capitalize acquisition costs in our group benefits business. This will not have a significant impact to annual pretax operating earnings but will slightly impact the quarterly pattern of earnings. Looking forward, we expect these changes will decrease pretax operating earnings in Individual Life by $2 million to $3 million per quarter and have an immaterial impact in the other business units.While not a significant variances quarter, variable investment income was slightly below our expectations on a total company basis. Slightly higher prepayment fees and in-line real estate returns were offset by lower-than-expected alternative income. Variable investment income was $9 million lower in RIS-Spread as it has a greater allocation of investment income from alternatives. This was primarily offset by a slight positive in Individual Life and Specialty Benefits, which benefited from higher prepayment fees.ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 12.4% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact from the assumption review, ROE was 12.7%.The non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 17.7% for the third quarter, slightly higher than what we experienced in the first half of the year. We continue to expect the full year to be within our guided range of 16% to 20%.Looking at macroeconomic factors. The S&P 500 Index increased over 1% during the quarter, and the daily average increased nearly 3% compared to second quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, the daily average increased 3%, significantly less than the 16% increase in the prior period and our assumed equity market performance, impacting revenue growth in RIS-Fee and PGI. Foreign currency exchange rates were a headwind for Principal International in third quarter. Pretax operating earnings impacts were a negative $4 million versus the prior year quarter, a negative $2 million compared to second quarter 2019 and a negative $29 million on a trailing 12-month basis.Mortality and morbidity were within our expectations in Individual Life and Specialty Benefits for third quarter. RIS-Spread mortality losses were $12 million worse than expected. Third quarter typically has a mortality loss but not to this magnitude. We are comfortable with our experience over the long term.Turning back to Slide 6. I'll expand on Dan's comments on the IRT acquisition. As a reminder, we are operating under a transition service agreement for up to 24 months to give us time to build out additional infrastructure to ensure a seamless transition. As the acquisition closed on July 1, this is the first time we are reporting the financials, which are included in RIS-Fee. The results are largely in line with what we communicated at the acquisition announcement, but we did want to highlight a couple of items.At the end of the third quarter, the acquired business had $876 billion of AUA. Growth in AUA since the acquisition announcement has been driven by positive equity market performance. Keep in mind that AUA is not a direct driver of revenue or earnings.Fees and other revenues in the trust and custody business are correlated with movements in the interest on excess reserves rate or IOER. This rate has been lowered 3x since the announcement of the acquisition, and additional Federal Reserve rate cuts are being considered in fourth quarter. This has negatively impacted revenue in this portion of the business.At close, we recorded $546 million of intangible assets from the acquisition, resulting in $7 million of additional amortization expense in RIS-Fee each quarter. This negatively impacts the operating margin but does not impact free cash flow. Excluding transaction and integration costs, the acquisition had an immaterial impact on third quarter non-GAAP operating earnings per diluted share, as we expected. Going forward, it is anticipated to have an immaterial impact for full year 2019. We'll provide updated expectations for 2020 on our outlook call. The integration is on track, as Dan said, and I'm confident that we have the right team in place to ensure a successful transition.The following comments on business unit results exclude significant variances from both periods, including the assumption reviews. Starting with RIS-Fee on Slide 9. Pretax operating earnings of $124 million were in line with expectations and includes the immaterial impact of the IRT acquisition. Trailing 12-month net revenue growth of 3% is above our guided range as the acquisition brought on additional net revenue in third quarter. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, RIS-Fee's quarterly margin was just over 30% and slightly above the guided range. Including the acquisition, the quarterly margin declined from 33% in second quarter to 25% in the third quarter. Longer term, we expect quarterly margins to expand once the acquisition is fully integrated and the expense synergies are realized.Importantly, the underlying fundamentals in the legacy business continue to be strong. Compared to a year ago, sales of $3.7 billion in the third quarter increased nearly 30%. Defined contribution plan count was 2% higher, and net cash flow of $1.1 billion was driven by strong sales, 10% growth in recurring deposits and low contract lapses. We expect full year net cash flow to be at the high end of the 1% to 3% of beginning-of-year account values.Turning to Slide 10. RIS-Spread's pretax operating earnings of $83 million were lower than expected due to $12 million of worse-than-expected mortality losses and $9 million of lower-than-expected variable investment income, as I mentioned earlier. RIS-Spread's trailing 12-month net revenue growth and margin were within our guided ranges. RIS-Spread sales of $3.1 billion in the third quarter included a record $1.3 billion of pension risk transfer sales. This brings pension risk transfer sales to $2.8 billion year-to-date, more than all of 2018 sales.As shown on Slide 11, PGI's pretax operating earnings of $123 million were in line with expectations. On a trailing 12-month basis, PGI's margin of 35% was within our guided range, but revenue growth remained below our guided range primarily due to unfavorable equity market performance in the fourth quarter of 2018.Moving to Slide 12. Principal International's pretax operating earnings of $92 million was slightly higher than expected due to timing of prepayment fees in Chile. PI's trailing 12-month margin of 38% was within our guided range, but net revenue growth was lower than our guided range due to foreign currency headwinds. Excluding these headwinds, net revenue increased 6% over the prior year period.Turning to Slide 13. Specialty Benefits' pretax operating earnings of $81 million were strong due to favorable claims experience and growth in the business. Strong performance continued in Specialty Benefits, with 7% growth in premium and fees on a trailing 12-month basis. This was driven by strong sales, retention and in-group growth and was within our guided range. The trailing 12-month margin of 13% was also within our guided range.As shown on Slide 14, Individual Life's pretax operating earnings of $52 million were in line with expectations but lower than the prior year quarter as claims experience returned to expected levels. On a trailing 12-month basis, Individual Life's premium and fee growth and margin were within our guided ranges. Individual Life sales increased nearly 30% from a year ago, with over 60% from the business market.At $95 million, corporate pretax operating losses were higher than expected. As discussed on previous calls, higher security benefit expenses as well as increased debt expense and lower net investment income related to the IRT acquisition are impacting corporate losses. We continue to expect corporate losses to be above the guided range of $300 million to $320 million for the full year.With the recent drop in interest rates, I want to provide some details on impacts to our businesses outside of the assumption review. During the third quarter, at 3.2%, our new money yield was about 60 basis points lower than the overall portfolio yield, excluding variable investment income. However, it will take some time for the new money yield to have a meaningful impact on the overall portfolio yield. And while low rates aren't ideal for some of our businesses, the level of spread compression won't be as pronounced as in previous periods when the portfolio yield was much higher than the new money yield. As I mentioned earlier, the IRT business will impact our sensitivity to interest rates, and we plan to provide an update on our 2020 outlook call.We remain disciplined in updating our pricing for interest rate movements. We're conservative in the products and liabilities we have exposure to, and we remain diligent around asset liability management. While higher rates are incrementally positive, our diverse business mix positions us well in the slow interest rate environment.As shown on Slide 15, we committed and deployed over $200 million of capital during the quarter, including $153 million deployed for common stock dividends, $44 million in share repurchases and $5 million to a minority investment. With capital deployment of $1.8 billion through the third quarter of '19, we've already exceeded our $1 billion to $1.4 billion guided range for 2019.Last night, we announced a $0.55 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, a 2% increase from a year ago. Our dividend yield is approximately 4%, and on a trailing 12-month basis, we're slightly above our targeted 40% net income payout ratio.Our capital and liquidity position remain very strong. We ended the third quarter with nearly $1 billion at the holding company, $100 million of capital in excess of a 400% RBC ratio and over $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. In addition, a low leverage ratio and no debt maturities until 2022 provides us significant financial flexibility. Looking ahead, I want to remind you that fourth quarter operating expenses are typically higher than other quarters as we usually see elevated branding expenses, benefit costs and variable sales expenses.We look forward to talking with you on our 2020 outlook call on December 11. We'll provide updated expectations for each business unit for 2020 as well as any updates to long-term guidance. These will reflect the impacts of the IRT acquisition.This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I know you said you plan to update this on the 2020 outlook call, but is there any additional info you can give us to help understand better the potential sensitivity of the wealth business to short-term rates, maybe the balance of trust and custody assets or something of that nature that could help us frame it?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. This is Dan. It's a good question. And as we all know, this trust and custody business is quite different than what I'll consider is the traditional full-service model. And the reality is that these short-term interest rates do matter, and it's not insignificant. But with that, I'll have Renee provide you with any short thought she might have on sensitivities going forward, if there's another downtick in short-term interest rates.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for your question, Ryan. And as Dan pointed out, the mix of business that we are getting from IRT is a little bit different from what you might think about in terms of our traditional fee business. And there is a spread component to the trust and custody business. Generally speaking, if you were to isolate the IRT revenues, we see about 10% to 15% of the revenues as having an impact on the Fed rate that is established for the interest on excess reserves. And as we go into the earnings -- or the outlook call in December, we can give you greater detail about how you might think about that for the future. But hopefully, that gives you somewhat of a frame for this call today.
Ryan Krueger: And then a follow-up that's somewhat related. The $7 million of quarterly intangible amortization, will that continue for the foreseeable future? Or does it drop off over time?
Renee Schaaf: It will continue for the foreseeable future. That is something that you can expect to see quarter-over-quarter. The actual amount may vary according to the way that the assets are amortized, but it is a figure that you can expect to see there quarter after quarter.
Deanna Strable: Ryan, just to add on that, the large portion of the intangibles are amortized over a 23-year period, with the smaller portion amortized over 6 years. So again, over the next six years, that amortization amount will stay the same.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: The TSA that you have with Wells, Deanna, that you said is a 24-month contract, what are those expenses? Can you quantify how much that is? And should we expect to get kind of a cliff pop in earnings when that's done? Or are there pieces to that, so it's going to be more gradual?
Daniel Houston: Yes. It's a big question, and I appreciate it. Renee, do you want to go and cover those details?
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So Tom, when we think about the transition service agreement and the expenses that are attached to that, that represents the direct costs that we are being assessed from Wells Fargo IRT to service this business. And so as the business and employees transition from IRT onto The Principal, we can expect that the TSA will decline in amount. But then commensurately, you'll see an increase in the amount of the expenses that we take on with The Principal block. So it's somewhat of just a transition of expenses over time.
Daniel Houston: But I think that it's also true to say that over a longer period of time, as we wean ourself off this system, we will see a material reduction in cost because of many of the synergies that we've discussed in getting to this point. But those will not materialize, I think the word you used, Tom, was like a cliff, in 24 months. It will take some period of time to have that materialize.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. And then just a question about the retention of the Wells business so far. I looked at the year-end AUM disclosure 2018 and then the updated 3Q. I was sort of backing into about outflows of 10% of the book. So I guess my question is just ask directionally about what's happened thus far. And can you comment on how the retention has compared to your expectations?
Daniel Houston: So let me hit that first, and I'll toss it to Renee. The first and foremost is we're 100 days into this transition, and we frankly couldn't be more excited about the feedback we're getting from a number of different constituents, starting with employees that were previously with Wells Fargo. They're excited about joining our retirement asset management organization. The second is we have hosted many, many clients of all sizes, and the feedback has been quite positive. The third constituency is obviously the advisors, consultants, the gatekeepers, investment advisors to these plans. And again, many of those are individuals and organizations we haven't previously worked with closely. And I think they have been pleasantly surprised not only by the strategy that we're using to transition the business but, equally important, some of the capabilities that they currently don't enjoy today that they will enjoy once we transition the plans over. So with that, I'll ask Renee to speak maybe specifically to the 10% number.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So I think maybe what you're doing is looking at the assets under administration number and maybe trying to use that as a proxy for how to think about the lapses that we're seeing in revenue or the decline that we would anticipate seeing in revenue due to lapses. The one thing I would caution you about there is that assets under administration figure has a lot of different kind of a mix represented in there, so it's not a very good proxy for revenue. So for example, that asset under administration figure has a very large portion of it attributable to the non-retirement trust and custody business. And it will not perform similarly to what we might expect to see for defined contribution, defined benefit and nonqualified business underneath the block. So I think that's the first thing I'd want you to know.With respect to the lapse rates, as Dan said, this is running as we had anticipated. We are not seeing anything that is surprising or concerning at this point. We have been really well received in the marketplace. We are going above and beyond to make sure that we continue to communicate fully with clients, with financial advisors and with consultants. And to that, we approach this transition process thoughtfully and with a great deal of detail so that we can ensure a very smooth transition and that we can add value to the long-term business.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: Just a question on PGI. You had pretty strong flows this quarter, but they've been sort of inconsistent. So what really drove that? Or was it a few large cases that you won? Or was it more broad-based than what your expectations are for flows at PGI over the next few quarters?
Daniel Houston: Yes. We're really excited about the net cash flow improving. And Pat and Tim have just done a great job getting out. And there's a lot of variables and a lot of exciting news there, but I'll throw it to Tim to provide some of those details.
Timothy Dunbar: Yes. Jimmy, thanks a lot for the question. No, what we're seeing is really a broad-based interest in a lot of our capabilities. And I would say, in part, the low interest rate environment has seen a lot of our clients and a lot of our platforms win on the fixed income side. So that would be core fixed income but also preferred securities. And emerging market debt that we have, a new total return fund with Finisterre. So we've seen a good pickup there, but as well, we've seen really good pickup in a lot of the platforms and many of our equity capabilities, like blue chip and some of our small cap, both domestic and international capabilities. And then really, systematic strategies is doing well and a lot of our asset allocation capabilities. So it's really quite broad-based. I would say, just like Dan said, Pat Halter and the team, the distribution team, have done an excellent job of creating an organizational structure that is really cohesively going after the marketplace. And so we're seeing a lot of momentum build. So we feel good about fourth quarter. Nobody knows what the macro environment is, but I think we feel good about the organizational structure we have and moving into 2020.
Jamminder Bhullar: And just fees on the assets that you've put on recently. Are those commensurate with, like, overall fees or -- because in the past, there have been instances when you've had pretty good flows, and then a few years later, we find out that a lot of these cases that came on had lower fees, especially the Japanese mandates. So any comments on, like, how the recent improvement in flows relates to fees on those assets?
Timothy Dunbar: No. I would say we haven't had any of the very large investment-grade fixed-income mandates coming the door this quarter like what maybe you'd seen in the past. And so no, the fee levels that we're seeing are really pretty good and pretty consistent. I'd also mention that our real estate capabilities have done really well, and those fees, obviously, on the alternative side are quite good. I mean many of our specialty fixed-income capabilities also have nice fees associated with them. So no, we're not seeing those really big mandates that sort of flip side us from an AUM and a fee-level perspective come in right now.
Daniel Houston: Good questions, Jimmy. Really appreciate it. The only other thing I would add to that is the strong collaboration that's occurring between PGI and PI, just a lot of good work there to partner together to build out this global asset management entity. So thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Just a follow-up question on the IRT earnings comments for 2019. When you talk about kind of immaterial for '19, should we think about that as before integration costs and before the amortization? Or is it inclusive of those 2? I just want to get a sense of how to think about that particular earnings impact from the IRT block.
Daniel Houston: Yes.
Deanna Strable: Yes, great question, Humphrey. When we say immaterial, it excludes the onetime costs but does include the amortization. And that immaterial applies to both the RIS-Fee earnings impact as well as the total company, slightly positive from an RIS-Fee perspective once you take out those onetime fees and then, again, immaterial at a total company level. So that's what it includes and how we're encompassing that going forward.
Humphrey Lee: And then is there any reason why, like, for '19, you would incur a little bit higher expenses with respect to the block? Or is it just simply the earnings emergence is largely coming from the expected expense savings to emerge over time?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think you're right there. I think, again, a large part of that will come once we take on the business and can experience the synergies. And so that is leading, in addition to that amortization of the intangible, leading to that immaterial impact at this point.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Got it. And then shifting gear. So on the PGI flows, you've talked about -- I think Dan talked about you're still feeling pretty good about the fourth quarter. I think in the past, you talked about second half would definitely be in positive net flows. But how should we think about the -- I guess on a full year basis, given the new Mexico mandate will come in the fourth quarter and some of the traction that you're getting, do you anticipate -- barring a market downturn, do you expect full year will be positive for PGI?
Timothy Dunbar: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do anticipate that full year net cash flow will be positive for 2019.
Operator: The next question is from Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: I just want to ask a question related to the UBS fee change on separately managed accounts. I don't know if that has a -- if you're big in that business. But I just wanted to get a sense if something like that, if that becomes a trend, could that impact PGI in terms of fee rates or economics?
Daniel Houston: Can you elaborate a little bit further on that, Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: Yes. So UBS announced a change to how they're paying asset managers in separately managed accounts, particularly their own asset manager. So just wondering if you guys have a lot in there. What percentage of your assets under management are in such separately managed account products, if any?
Daniel Houston: Yes. We'd have to get back to you on that, and we are happy to do it. But we sub-advise to a number of different platforms, including UBS and a lot of other organizations. I'm unaware of any material change to any of our partnerships, except to say that's an ongoing discussion. It never goes away. And one advantage that we do enjoy, frankly, is the fact that we're not a one-trick pony in that we have a lot of business with a lot of different organizations across retirement, across life, specialty benefits, annuities. And so those are firm-wide negotiations and discussions. But if something material changes, we'll certainly bring that to your attention. Appreciate the question.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. I just had a follow-up, if I could, just for Deanna on the assumption reviews. Should we expect any impact on your year-end statutory financials? And do you have any thoughts on AAT reserves given where we are in the interest rate environment?
Deanna Strable: What was the last part of that question?
Suneet Kamath: Just on asset adequacy testing reserves or cash flow testing reserves given current interest rate levels.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So both there, I don't expect anything from a cash flow perspective. And specific to the AR, it could have a slight negative impact but very manageable within our capital deployment plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. This is John Barnidge [ph]. How should we be thinking about what's happening in Hong Kong right now impact on PI? There was a story JPMorgan recently set up a trust business in Singapore. Just trying to dimension maybe how the protest and continued friction with China maybe changing or altering where you're focusing geographically in Asia.
Daniel Houston: Yes, yes. Appreciate the question. And before I throw it over to Luis, no question around the world there. In some of these emerging markets, it's not uncommon that we'd see some of this dislocation. These still, when we think about it strategically, are very important markets. There's a lot of volatility, but frankly, with that volatility comes a lot of potential growth. And as you can see specifically in Hong Kong, we've actually seen flows remain quite strong. And that's, frankly, one of the advantages of these mandatory systems, that you're going to continue to see those flows. But Luis, you want to add some additional color on, perhaps, both Hong Kong and Chile?
Luis Valds: Okay. Hi, John. In particular, I was in Santiago at the beginning of this week. Also, Thomas Cheong, our President for Asia, was down there as well. So we spent fair amount of time reviewing our operations and plans and contingency plans, in particular. So first of all, I'm going to repeat something that already was said by Dan. As a reminder, our Hong Kong and Chile operation are both heavily weighted towards the mandatory pension system. So as such, unlike retailers and other industries, our business is relatively well insulated from short term and medium term for this kind of -- type of market disruptions. And second, I would say that you're looking both markets. We haven't seen any major macroeconomic distress for -- neither for Hong Kong nor for Chile, Santiago, even in the very last week for Santiago. For Chile, it's a country risk, FX, interest rates and equity markets are -- I would say, they have had some minimal changes but nothing really important.The third element, which is pretty interesting and probably very interesting for you, is that you have a well-designed and robust infrastructure contingency plan, digital platforms, investments, highly secured data centers and redundancy where it's needed. We haven't had any major distress, and our -- all our operations have been up and running 24x7 in Hong Kong and in Santiago and in Chile, and we have been able to serve our clients all the time as needed. We have some minor disruptions in some branches but nothing really important. So I would say that more to come, but I'm proud of the quality of our professionals and people and the quality of our operations in both places. So more to come, John.In particular, in finishing your question, we have a very important operation in Hong Kong, but also, we have a very important footprint in Mainland China. So it's a highly well-diversified operation in China and certainly is very well connected, so more to come.
Unidentified Analyst: And then a follow-up question. You had strong sales in the quarter in Specialty Benefits and Individual Life. Can you kind of talk about where you're seeing that demand coming from maybe by sector or by segment within that market?
Daniel Houston: Just before I throw that over to Amy, what's also encouraging is just to see that in-plan growth just continue to materialize. It's true in our group benefits business. It's true in our retirement business, where people are hiring. And as you know, a lot of our business is small to medium-size business. And so the economy just continues to be favorable to those providers like Principal to serve the needs of small to medium-size employers. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Your comments are exactly right on. I think one of the things -- we talk a lot about being in the small market, but I think one of the things we don't talk about quite as much is how much that means -- our new business, our sales are driven by business owners who are making the decision to put a benefit or put some sort of a protection product in place for the first time. So a good portion of those benefits truly represent kind of new market for us, people who just haven't historically been purchasers becoming purchasers. So when you look at somewhere between 25%, 30% of our block being produced from that new market, that's exciting for us.And I always want to come back and make sure to give our life insurance business the credit that it's due. We do some amazing things for business owners and the business market for life insurance. And so I think one of the biggest compliments I can get when I leave Principal is for our intermediaries and other partners to tell us, when we see business, market business, we come to Principal. And so that's driving a lot of our volume. That's driving a lot of our recognition, and I want to give a lot of credit to the team for building out that business market so well.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: You've talked quite a bit about the investments being made in the business. I'm just wondering how are these tracking relative to your expectations and if you've identified any places where either you need to do more or you see more opportunity, particularly with the Wells block coming on board.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that's a really big question. In my prepared comments, you heard me talk about the Principal Real Start initiative, and that's having a profound impact on participants in terms of what they're setting aside for retirement. I mean it's really meaningful. The other one, in Amy's areas, that end-to-end digital life insurance solution. Again, good traction. For those people who may not have an advisor, it works very nicely. The Principal Benefit Design Tool, again, there's an absence of sort of understanding sometimes on sorting out and benchmarking against your peers by location and by industry. That's helpful. Luis, the comments down there around Mexico and the partnership with Club Premier and, again, that sense of partnering. And again, we've identified that before. And then lastly, it's Hong Kong and the digital on-boarding for the mandatory provident fund. So as we came to you a couple of years ago and talked about making investments in our digital platform, it does come with a price. We know that. We've realized that and see that in the higher expense structures.But I'd also mention that these five items I just mentioned are about half the portfolio. There's a lot of other really exciting things happening within PGI and PI and USIS and RIS. So we think very strongly, Erik, that these investments are starting to pay off, and I look forward to talking about each one of those in more detail as we come out and visit with you.
Erik Bass: And then for RIS-Spread, can you provide a bit more color on the adverse mortality experienced this quarter and put it into context with the historical results for the business? And I guess should we expect more seasonality in the business going forward as the PRT business continues to grow?
Daniel Houston: Well, yes, I would say that the standout here is the mortality in the third quarter, which is not uncommon. But I'll have Renee add some additional color.
Renee Schaaf: And that's exactly right. We did have an unusual level of mortality this quarter, and we would expect to see some variability from quarter to quarter. But when we step back and we look at what our expectations are for mortality versus how the block of business is performing, we feel very confident and very comfortable with what we're seeing. So we're not concerned with the underlying fundamentals of the business. This was an unusual quarter, perhaps, but perhaps within a normal range of variability as we look forward.
Erik Bass: Got it. And I would think third quarter would typically be a seasonally worse quarter and first quarter, better. Is that the right way to think about it?
Renee Schaaf: That is the right way to think about it.
Daniel Houston: That's exactly right. It was just that this third quarter was slightly out of the -- what we would have thought would be the normal range.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Shanker with Deutsche.
Joshua Shanker: I don't look at your businesses as affected by the type of derivatives that people are taking your assumption reviews for, but obviously, you have one. Can you talk in rank order about the various macro factors that affected the assumption review going forward? Obviously, interests probably are #1. But did you approach the assumption review any differently this time around than you had in past years?
Daniel Houston: I think every time we go through the actuarial assumption review, the chief actuary and the rest of the financial team, everything gets interrogated because things do change. They're not static. But frankly, we did not see anything relative to an outlier in the derivatives portfolio that would cause us to think about that any differently than we have in the past. We're certainly looking at the interest rates, and Deanna had framed that accordingly for you. We think it's prudent that it would go out over the next 10 years as opposed to 7 years, and we think that a 4% number versus a 4.5% is appropriate. So again, it gets a lot of scrutiny across each one of those. And Deanna, I'll throw it to you, see if you have any additional comments.
Deanna Strable: No. I think Dan is right on. Specifically to the economic assumptions, which I think is what you are referring to, we obviously look at all of those factors. Probably equity returns and interest rates are the most significant, and all the businesses have different sensitivity to each of those. In the absence of the interest rate change, all of the other economic assumptions that were embedded within all of our actuarial models were performing in line with what we had assumed in past assumption reviews. So the only one that was really impactful this quarter was the interest rates where, again, we lowered the underlying 10-year treasury assumption 50 basis points. The starting point declined over 100 basis points from where it was last year, and we extended the duration of when we would get to that long-term rate. It did have most significant impact within Individual Life. It had a slight impact in our other businesses, but that was the one that was the most meaningful.
Joshua Shanker: And sometimes, insurance companies say, certainly, in both silos, we're quick to acknowledge bad news but slow to acknowledge good news. If things rebound more quickly, do you think that your internal controls would be less likely to credit assumptions going forward with favorable terms than they would be to reduce assumptions when things go unfavorably your way?
Deanna Strable: Yes. My comment to that is if you look under the assumption reviews every single year, we have a number of positives and a number of negatives. Actually, interest rates, the last couple of years, had been positive to our annual assumption review as we updated the starting point and the path to get there. So no, I mean I think we are very prudent, both on the plus side and the minus side, to make sure we're determining the most appropriate assumption at that period of time. And ultimately, we'll reflect those, whether they be positive or negative.
Daniel Houston: Couldn't have said it better. That's exactly right.
Operator: The final question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Taylor Scott: First question I had was on RIS-Fee. And I guess I noticed the pressure was referenced in the release, and no secret that there's fee pressure in this business. But it was a little harder to sort of identify in the results because of the integration of Wells Fargo and so forth. So I'd just be interested to hear your commentary on how much fees are feeling that pressure, if there's any kind of change to how you're thinking about how that will progress over the next couple of years.
Daniel Houston: Yes, I'll take a shot at it and throw it over to Renee. But I would say absent -- if you just took out the Wells Fargo IRT acquisition and just said, was there anything substantively different in the most recent quarter than what we've experienced the last 3 or 4 years, I'd say no. I think it's very much the same drivers. And what we're committed to is ensuring that we're aligning our expenses with the revenues that we can derive. And remember, this is where you get into that lengthy conversation about the mix of business. You get into the various asset classes if someone chooses a more passive strategy, lower interest rate environment. So all of those variables come into it. But you have to look at those reoccurring deposits coming in at 10%. You look at the growth in the number of plans. All the sort of key drivers on the health of the business and our ability to get market share are intact. Now having said that, and you pointed out very well, Alex, we're still seeing pressure in that business. But I'll ask Renee to jump in here and clean that up as well.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So as Dan said, I think it's really important to remember and to recognize that the Principal block of business is performing very, very well. We do see strong sales. We're seeing strong recurring deposits. Our client retention is running very, very strong. All of that which, of course, leads to very strong and good fundamentals for the business, which results in a very strong net cash flow and a robust sales pipeline. But stepping back and thinking more at a more macro level, you've heard us talk about fee pressures in the fee line of business. And that fee pressure comes from several sources.First is just the intense competitive nature of record keeping and the downward pressure you would anticipate seeing these with fees there. And the other comes from a move towards open architecture and a move towards investment asset management strategies that are lower cost in nature. And that all puts pressure onto fees. That's been a long-term trend. If we were to quantify that, we would anticipate seeing a gap between fee growth and the average account value growth of about 6% to 8%. And then there is an additional 1% to 2% fee compression that we see that comes from moving from commission basis to pay financial advisors to fee-based. And so what we see in third quarter is very much in keeping with our expectations. We're very pleased with how that quarter performed. And again, it's very strong underlying growth in the business and strong sentimentals and capped with an integration that is absolutely on track for IRT.
Taylor Scott: Got it. May I ask one follow-up quickly on...
Daniel Houston: Wait. Yes, yes.
Taylor Scott: On your actuarial review, are there any ongoing impacts to earnings I should think about, whether it's the more modestly sized block of variable annuities or the life insurance or the Specialty Benefits and some of the DAC adjustments you made? Anything that we'll kind of notice on a go-forward basis?
Daniel Houston: Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think in my prepared remarks, we said that the only -- and I wouldn't say it's material, but the only notable run rate impact would be that you'd see about a $2 million to $3 million pretax run rate decline in the Individual Life business. Most of that will run through the DAC line, and we're really expecting immaterial impacts in any of the other lines of business.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Just a couple of very quick comments, the first of which is we recognize these emerging markets are volatile, but its high reward and margin growth, we think, over the long term still -- is very positive. The second is these acquisitions, we look at them through strategic lens. They're long-term in nature. And our view is that there is great scale and capabilities that is derived from acquisitions like the IRT business. Organic growth, as I pointed out, is important to us. It's fundamental to a long-term successful franchise. We'll continue to be disciplined around pricing and making sure our differentiators are known. Capital deployment, very balanced. And as Deanna had commented in her prepared comments, we feel very good about the capital deployment this year. For those of you wondering, at the end of 9/30, there was $250 million of Board authorization for share buyback. It still remains in place. And then lastly, I would say that we very much have a process improvement initiative going on to help drive revenue and take out expense, make sure that we continue to operate in the most effective and efficient manner for our shareholders.So we look forward to December 11, when we can provide you with more outlook for 2020 and tell you where the businesses are at. But we certainly appreciate your time today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day October 31, 2019. 5193169 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's second quarter conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement and Income Solutions, Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management, Luis Valdes, Principal International, and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed by the company with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures, may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share some performance highlights and accomplishments that position us for continued growth. Deanna will follow with details on our financial results and capital deployment. In the second quarter, we delivered $427 million of non-GAAP operating earnings, an increase of 9% compared to a year ago quarter. This brings non-GAAP operating earnings to $827 million through six months. As I reflect on the first half of the year, we continue to demonstrate strong business fundamentals, balance investments in our businesses with expense discipline, and be good stewards of shareholder capital. Importantly, we continue to execute our customer-focused solutions oriented strategy as we expanded our global distribution network an array of retirement, investment, and protection solutions. And advance our digital business strategies creating a better customer experience, while gaining operational efficiencies. Compared to a year ago, total company reported assets under management or AUM, increased $30 billion or 4% to a record $696 billion. As a reminder, China isn't included in our reported AUM. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange, AUM in our China joint venture is up 2% compared to a year ago with $147 billion at midyear. This increase is despite $7 billion of negative net cash flow in the current quarter, as investor demand has shifted towards equities. As previously discussed, the vast majority of our AUM in China is in the money market funds. Under our total company basis, we had $2 billion of negative net cash flow in the second quarter as positive net cash flow for the Retirement and Income Solutions in Principal International was more than offset by withdrawals from Principal Global Investors. Excluding the large withdrawal in PGI previously communicated, total company net cash flow would have been positive. RIS delivered $2 billion of net cash flow, its sixth consecutive positive quarter. This was driven by continued strong sales, retention, and reoccurring deposit growth in our ISP. And record second quarter pension risk transfer sales in RIS spread. Over the trailing 12 months RIS has delivered over $9 billion of positive net cash flow, an increase of more than 250% compared to the same period a year ago. Principal International generated $600 million of net cash flow. Its 43rd consecutive positive quarter. Primarily driven by improving flows in Brazil. Net cash flow is being pressured in most of the countries in which we operate. But we remain confident in our opportunities for growth, with our involvement in the private pension reform discussions around the world, we see increasing recognition by governments of the importance of voluntary savings, and the benefit of using asset managers to improve long-term returns. Moving to PGI, source net cash flow was negative $4.3 billion. As discussed last quarter, we had a single international client withdrawal $3.2 billion during the second quarter. The client has continued to award and fund additional mandates with us reflecting the ongoing strength of this relationship. Slide 5 highlights the continued recent improvement in our investment performance. At the end of the second quarter for our Morningstar rated funds 88% of the fund level AUM had a four or five star rating. And 83% of our Principal actively managed mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trusts, were above median for the five year performance. While the asset management industry and PGI continues to experience pressure, we're pleased with our headway on multiple fronts to drive sales growth and improved retention, particularly in the areas of distribution and new product development. We continue to add key distribution resources and we're building out our business intelligence to help inform our sales process, positioning us for increasing success in key institutional, and retail markets. Other progress in the second quarter included the launch of more than a dozen new investment strategies across our U.S and international platforms. Of particular note, Principal Global Investors continue to expand its leading suite of income oriented investments. We launched our first interval fund, the Principal diversified select real asset Fund, which primarily invest in private real estate, infrastructure, and natural resources. The launch reflects principles commitment to addressing growing client demand for access to private assets, the line with longer-term investment goals, as well as offers potential for enhanced risk-adjusted returns and Income through various market cycles. Additionally, during the quarter, the Education Trust Board of New Mexico, selected Principal Global Investors to provide investment management services for its scholars Edge 529 plan. This demonstrates our ability to leverage our retirement and investment expertise to help participants achieve their educational savings goals. Funding is expected to occur in the fourth quarter 2019, and we will manage the majority of the assets in the plan. This along with a strong pipeline, gives us confidence in delivering strong net cash flow in PGI in the second half of the year. Through mid-year we've earned more than 50 total placements, with more than 30 different offerings on more than 20 different platforms. This reflects continued strong interest in our specially, solution-oriented and alternative capabilities, and our continued success in getting these investment options added to third party distribution platforms recommended list, and model portfolios. I'll now share some additional execution highlights. Starting with our acquisition of Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement & Trust businesses or IRT, which closed on July 1. As a reminder, as of the end of 2018. This business had more than $825 billion of assets under administration, across several retirement and non-retirement products including defined contribution, defined benefit, non-qualified executive benefits, trust in custody, and institutional asset advisory. The acquisition again is clearly strategic, further enabling us to capitalize on one of the largest opportunities in financial services. The US retirement savings and retirement income markets, it doubles the size of our U.S retirement businesses. But more importantly, it improves our ability to serve customers, reinforces our commitment to the retirement industry, and enables us to create new value in the marketplace by combining the strengths of both business models, technology platforms, and teams clearly will benefit from adding scale, and from new complementary capabilities such as non-retirement trust in custody. We'll also benefit from accessing the highly talented Wells Fargo IRT team, and their strong relationships with intermediaries. As announced in June, we've established a unified leadership team to drive the business forward. We've also established a transition services agreement designed to help us drive strong retention by minimizing disruption to clients by keeping all services the same on day one, thoughtfully and collaboratively, identifying the best products, services and platforms within both business models, as well as providing ample notice to customers of planned enhancements over time. The acquisition has been received positively by the Wells Fargo IRT employees and clients as well as by the consultant and adviser communities. We welcome and look forward to serving our new customers, and working with our new employees, advisors, and consultants. We'll continue to provide progress updates throughout this multi-year integration. As additional highlights in our U.S Retirement business, we launched impact 401k during the quarter to deliver best in class resources at a competitive price, and drive positive retirement outcomes for small and medium-sized businesses and their employees. We also launched enrolling educate, our first of its kind self service educational model co-designed in partnership with our clients. And we launched health savings account integration with Healthy Equity and Optum bank to give customers a more holistic picture of their retirement outlook, and make it easier for participants to manage their financial goals. In our protection businesses while we've had strong performance, we've continued to invest in our initiatives that make us easier to do business with. During the quarter, we announced a digital collaboration with Limelight Health to streamline the quoting, rating, and renewal processes for group employee benefits. This technology will help us better serve brokers, and employers, and reach more employers and employees, in the small to medium-sized business market. Lastly, I'll share some key developments outside the U.S that demonstrates our focus on providing a better customer experience. In Mexico, we launched a digital on boarding solution for mutual fund customers to simplify the process, and enabled us to deliver a personalized Retirement recommendation. In Chile, we launched a new app and a website for our customers, providing a more consistent experience, gold-based functionality, and access to a broader set of products. The Cuprum App reached 80,000 downloads in just 60 days, and is highly rated in the AFP marketplace. In India, we now have a fully digital end-to-end experience enabling customers to make smaller, but more frequent mutual fund investments. This aligns with our direct to consumer strategy in India, and reflects our commitment to make saving for retirement easier. During the second quarter as part of our growing commitment to Southeast Asia, we rebranded our joint venture asset management operations in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, and Singapore. We're proud of our long-term alliance with CIMB, and excited to help even more people in the region, and around the world achieved financial security and success. Deanna will cover in a more detail, but I want to again emphasize our balanced approach to capital deployment. In addition to ongoing investment in organic growth, through mid-year, we've deployed more than $1.6 billion of capital in total. We've committed $1.2 billion to the Wells Fargo IRT acquisition, and we returned $430 million to investors through common stock dividends and share buybacks. I also share some noteworthy third party recognition for the quarter. In our global asset management franchise, Principal Hong Kong was recognized by Lipper, with the best Hong Kong MPF over three-year award for the Principal China equity fund. In Chile, we were recognized by Morningstar as the best Equity Fund Manager 2018, and the best Latin American Equity Fund 2018. Additionally, Forbes named Principal, one of America's best large employers, Forbes also ranked Principal number five overall in their list of Best Employers for women, and number one within the banking and financial services category, along with the first quarter recognition for our commitment to diversity, inclusion, and ethical behavior, this speaks volumes about our culture. A quick thank you to our customers as we celebrate our 140th anniversary this month, and to our employees, and retirees for living the core values that remains foundational to our success. In closing, second quarter was a period of continued progress, helping customers and clients achieve financial security and success. I look for us to continue to build momentum in the second half of 2019, and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders and stakeholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for participating on our call. Today, I'll discuss key contributors to our second quarter financial results, and provide an update on capital deployment. Net income attributable to Principal was $386 million for the second quarter including credit impairments of $13 million. Net income is $70 million lower than the prior year quarter, which benefited $100 million from the sale of an equity method investment. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $427 million, or $1.52 per diluted share, an increase of 13% from second quarter 2018. Our non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 17% for the second quarter within our 2019 guided range of 16% to 20%. We continue to expect to be within the guided range for the full year. ROE excluding AOCI, other than foreign currency translation adjustment, was 13.6% on a reported basis. Second quarter non-GAAP pretax operating earnings included four significant variances resulting in a net benefit of $27 million. This includes $25 million of higher than expected variable investment income. Higher prepayment fees and real estate returns were partially offset by lower returns from alternative. Impacts by business unit include $15 million in RIS-Spread, $5 million in specialty benefits, $3 million in individual life, and $2 million in RIS-Fee. A $7 million net benefit in Principal International with $10 million of higher than expected [indiscernible] performance, partially offset by $3 million of lower than expected inflation both in Latin America. A $6 million benefit in RIS-Fee, from lower DAC amortization from favorable point-to-point equity market performance. And $11 million of elevated compensation and other expenses, including $9 million in corporate, primarily Wells Fargo IRT transaction costs and $2 million of integration costs in RIS-Fee. Looking at macroeconomic factors, the positive momentum we saw in the equity markets during the first quarter continued in the second quarter. The S&P 500 index increased nearly 4% during the quarter, and the daily average increased 6% compared to both first quarter 2019, and the prior year quarter. Foreign currency exchange rates were a headwind for Principal International, with a negative $7 million impact to pre-tax operating earnings versus the prior year quarter, and a negative $2 million impact compared to first quarter 2019. Mortality experience in RIS-Spread and individual life, was in line with our expectations in the second quarter. Specialty benefits pre-tax operating earnings benefited by approximately $9 million due to a very favorable claims experience in group life. On a trailing 12-month basis, excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review and foreign currency exchange, our revenue growth measures for RIS-Spread, Principal International, specialty benefits, and individual life, are within or above our 2019 guided ranges. Excluding the impact of the annual assumption review and the large PGI performance fee in the third quarter 2018, the trailing 12-month revenue growth measures in RIS-Fee and PGI are slightly below our 2019 guided ranges. At the time 2019 guidance we set, we did not anticipate the significant decline in the equity market in December 2018. These metrics have been trending higher in the first half of the year as the equity market has rebounded. As anticipated in our 2019 guidance, RIS-Fee is experiencing a 1% to 2% drag on net revenue growth as planned sponsors move from commissions to fee arrangements. This shift results in both lower revenue, and lower commission expense with no impact on pretax operating earnings. On a trailing 12 month basis excluding the annual assumption review, pre-tax margins for all business units were within or above the 2019 guided ranges. These strong margins reflect the balance of disciplined expense management and continued investments in our businesses. As expected some benefits of our accelerated digital investments are starting to emerge. The following comments on business unit results exclude significant variances from both periods. Pretax operating earnings for all businesses with the exception of corporate were in line with or better than our expectations for the quarter. At $90 million corporate pre-tax operating losses were higher than expected. This was driven by higher security benefit expenses, as well as increased interest expense from the $500 million of debt we issued in early May to finance a portion of the Wells Fargo IRT acquisition. We continue to expect corporate losses to be above the high end of our 2019 guided range of $300 million to $320 million for the full year. RIS-fee's underlying business fundamentals continue to be strong. Sales were $4.1 billion in the second quarter, bringing the first half of the year to nearly $9.5 billion, an increase of 32% from the first half of 2018. Second quarter net cash flow of $1.4 billion was driven by strong sales, growth in recurring deposits, and low contract lapses. We continue to expect full year net cash flow to be within 1% to 3% of beginning of year account values, and defined contribution plan count increased 3% or nearly 1100 plans over the prior year quarter. During the quarter RIS-Spread had $2 billion of sales, driven by nearly $900 million of pension risk transfer sales a record for second quarter. That said, we've seen a slowdown in fixed annuity sales as interest rates have declined. Despite this, third quarter pension risk transfer sales are off to a good start and the pipeline remained strong. At $160 million PGI's pre-tax operating earnings declined 11% from the prior-year period, driven by investments in the business, lower performance fees, and mix of business. With the second straight quarter of strong asset appreciation, PGI's pre-tax operating earnings improved 15% on a sequential basis. While specialty benefits first quarter earnings were at the low end of expectations, favorable claims benefited second quarter earnings, and strengthened results through the first half of the year. That said, we expect pre-tax operating earnings for the first half of the year to be slightly more than the typical 45% of full year earnings. As shown on Slide 12, we committed and deployed $1.4 billion of capital during the quarter, including $1.2 billion committed to the acquisition of the Wells Fargo IRT business and $150 million deployed for common stock dividends. As discussed first quarter, we have suspended share repurchases and expect to resume them no later than first quarter of 2020. With capital deployment of $1.6 billion in the first half of 2019, we've already exceeded our $1 billion to $1.4 billion guided range for 2019. Last night, we announced a $0.01 increase in our common stock dividend payable in the third quarter to $0.55, a 4% increase from a year ago. Our dividend yield is approximately 4% and on a trailing 12-month basis, we're at our targeted 40% net income payout ratio. With the recent interest rate headlines, I wanted to address some potential impacts to Principal. During the second quarter at 3.9%, our new money yield was nearly the same as the overall portfolio yield excluding variable investment income. While low rates are ideal for some of our businesses, the level of spread compression won't be as pronounced as in previous periods when the portfolio yield was much higher than the new money yield. While declining interest rates negatively impact general account returns and insurance related revenue that impact is partially offset by higher fixed income AUM, and revenue in PGI. As a reminder, a majority of our operating earnings are generated by fee-based businesses, making us less sensitive to interest rate movements than many of our peers. An immediate 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, is estimated to reduce total company pre-tax operating earnings by less than 1% on an annual basis, excluding the impact of any potential unlocking of our DAC asset and other actuarial balances. In addition, we've always taken a disciplined approach to managing our liabilities by limiting or not offering certain products, and managing risk through pricing, distribution, and product design. We'll complete our annual assumption review in the 3rd quarter, as we have in prior years. We'll update the starting point for interest rates to reflect the actual movements in rates over the past year. Additionally, we will review our models experience and macroeconomic assumptions, including among many other items long-term interest rates. Finally, as mentioned earlier, we closed on the Wells Fargo IRT acquisition, and the economics of the business transferred to Principal on July 1st. Keep in mind that it's going to take some time to transfer the business, employees, and relationships to Principal. The earnings from this business will be reported in RIS-Fee starting in the third quarter. However, we continue to evaluate options for the best financial reporting structure over the long term. Excluding transaction and integration costs, the acquisition is still anticipated to have an immaterial impact to 2019 non-GAAP operating earnings per diluted share, and is expected to be slightly accretive in 2020. The integration is off to a great start and as Dan said, the acquisition is being received positively by the Wells Fargo IRT employees, and clients, as well as by the consultant and adviser communities. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And the first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I had a couple of questions on the Wells deal. I guess one in terms of the comment on slightly accretive in 2020. Was that including or excluding the transaction cost?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Good question, Ryan appreciate it, and good morning. With that, I'll just have Deanna help out on some of the accounting questions here.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So when we say neutral in the second half of '19, and slightly positive in 2020 that does exclude one-time transaction costs and integration costs. But it does include the earnings impact from any amortization of intangibles, as well as the additional debt expense that will reside in corporate.
Ryan Krueger: Got it, thanks. And then can you I guess give any color on what you're seeing so far in terms of shock lapses, I know it's early, and maybe how it's comparing to what you had assumed?
Dan Houston: It's not only early, it's way early. But I will tell you this, and I'm going to flip it to Renee and have her maybe expand on your question a little bit Ryan. But frankly from our perspective, the conversations with Wells Fargo clients, their consultants, the advisors, the employees have gone exceedingly well. They understand the rationale behind the transaction. I think we've been able to get employees comfortable with the idea that these locations are going to remain open, and those jobs remain there and the other thing we find out is that you're going find out so much during due diligence, but we've been in front of a lot of clients now, and there is a very strong relationship between the relationship manager in the home office counterparts with these large clients. And so we feel very good about where we're at. But I would like to have Renee maybe expand a little bit on that. You've been out talking to so many of these clients Renee, you and Jerry Anderson.
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely, Ryan. Thank you for your call, and your question. When we take a look at where we're at with this integration as Dan mentioned, we are really pleased with the progress that we've made so far and the warm reception that we've received from Wells Fargo IRT employees, the clients, advisors and consultants. And I think it really starts with the strong collaboration that we have between the Wells Fargo IRT team, and the Principal team. Joe Ready, representing the Wells Fargo IRT team and Jerry Patterson, leading the charge on the Principal team have really created a tone of teamwork and collaboration right off at the start. And what that allows us to do is to come out to the marketplace in a very cohesive fashion. And one of the things that really helps us with this transition is the fact that we have a relatively long transition period baked into this deal. So we anticipate being able to transition clients, and employees in a very thoughtful, and planned way over the course of the next 18 months. And as we consider this integration, were really looking towards four guiding principles. First is to make sure that we provide seamless customer service, and minimize any disruption to clients. And in order to do that, of course, as Dan mentioned, it's critical that we take care of the talent, and welcoming the Wells Fargo IRT employees to our team is central to that. As Dan mentioned, we have committed to key locations that Wells Fargo IRT employees are currently working from and we've also integrated the leadership team. So now we have a very good representation of Wells Fargo IRT, and Principal both leading the charge . What that allows us to do then is to identify what are the best features of both their business models and to integrate those thoughtfully so that when we come to the marketplace we have capabilities that surpass either organization prior to this acquisition. So we're very optimistic, we're very confident in our ability to integrate this well, and we look forward to strengthening our growth and meeting customer needs in the future.
Dan Houston: Ryan. Thanks for those questions.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Question: In the press release, in this section on RSV, you mentioned as there has been pressure on net revenues. You said there were competitive pressures. Could you elaborate on that a bit?
Dan Houston: Yeah, I'll make a couple of quick comments. I think those pressures Andrew are probably not that different than what we've had for years. And as you can also see from the expense line, we're doing a good job managing our expenses, while at the same time creating new capabilities. Renee will get into some of the accounting, but the contra-revenue issues is part of the explanation. The other part of it of course is a change in investment line up. Some of the lineups generate less revenue. And then lastly, it's so that nagging issue there is a lot of capacity today in this record keeping business, and of course one of the reasons, and the rationale behind the acquisition of Wells Fargo IRT business was to help with issues around scaling. But Renee, can you help with this one?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. So, Andrew if you look at current quarter over prior year quarter, and you look at the net revenue line, and you make all the adjustments for the significant variances that we've called out, you will see that fees are generally down about $4 million and that creates a -- if you compare the net revenue growth to about the 8% average account value growth, you do see a gap there. And that gap is running between 8% to 9% depending on the period that you're looking at. That's a fairly typical gap that we see. About 1% to 2% is going to be as a result of commissions going to fee based agreements. And in fact if you look on a quarter over prior year quarter basis, that pressure is about 1.5% the remainder of the gap then is exactly what Dan identified and it's not a typical from what we've seen in previous quarters. It represents fee pressures coming from a very competitive environment, coming from open architecture, passive investments, and sheer mix of business that we have. And so there is nothing that surprising there and concerning. And as Dan mentioned, we've done a very thoughtful and careful job of managing expenses as a result. So nothing that's surprising there, and we feel good about this quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So that makes a lot of sense. So maybe just drilling that into more of the numbers. So as I measure fees as a percent of that average assets, they were in 2017 about 66 basis points, in 2018, 63, and then in the first two quarters they were 58 basis points and 57 basis points. Could you give any sense of what we could expect on those ratios maybe looking out a year or two? And how will Wells Fargo affect that?
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So if you look at -- you're absolutely right. If you look at what has been happening on the fees as a percentage, or as a basis point -- expressed as a basis points, you do see about a one basis point drop per quarter. And again that's very consistent with the conversations in the past. We do believe that the trends that we see in the marketplace will continue for the foreseeable future. What will happen though is adding the Wells Fargo IRT business to the next helps us with scale. And it not only helps us with scale, and gives us the ability to reinvest in our business, to make us more competitive, and to do even a better job of meeting, plan, sponsor and participant needs. But it also rounds out our capabilities, particularly in the non-retirement trust and custody lines, and again, giving us access to a really, really talented group of staff. So I think we -- we're confident about our future, but the industry pressure is there, certainly, but the acquisition helps on a great deal to position us for growth and profitability in the future.
Dan Houston: Andrew, hopefully that helps.
Andrew Kligerman: Absolutely. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow up on IRS fees, I think in Dan's remark and also Deana kind of mentioned that some of the accelerated digital investments starting to yield results. Should we think about kind of the ongoing investments by now is largely offset by the benefits coming through as well as the expense management? How should we think about the overall expenses running through the segments in near-term?
Dan Houston: Yeah, yeah. I love your optimism but you're probably a couple of quarters ahead of us in your analysis. But Deanna do want help frame that?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, I'll take you back to what we talked about at both the Investor Day and outlook call at the end of last year. If you remember when we announced the digital investment, we said from '17 to '18 we would have about a 2% drag on our earnings growth. What we said as we came into 2019, was the net impact to earnings would be very similar in '18 versus '19. Our investment actually goes up, but that increase in investment is actually offset by the beginning of the benefits. So benefit some of them do run through the expense line. But some of them run through the revenue line. And so again on the dollar amount of earnings, the impact in '18 and '19, are very similar, how they -- how it comprises by segment may be a little bit different, but from a percentage growth perspective pretty neutral between '18 and '19.
Dan Houston: Equally as important to the financials, I would also tell you Humphrey, that we are very much on track with where we thought these initiatives would be in terms of their development in particular around improving the customer experience, tools related to helping the equity managers analyze stock opportunities better, and that's being tested with very favorable results. Tim could be happy to get into that if you'd like. And then lastly, the ability to better data -- manage our data and put it into the proper perspective to help us better serve the customer. So it is an investment worth making and equally as important. We're on track with where we thought we would be.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. And then shifting gears to PGI I feel, based on your prepared remarks, it sounds like there is a lot of kind of positive momentum coming through in the second half. Maybe a question for Tim or Pat, are they still confident that PGI net flows would be positive in the second half of the year? And if so, how should we think about the trend, is it more like breakeven in Q3 and then may be ramping up in Q4? Like, any color would be helpful.
Dan Houston: Thanks Humphrey, and I'll throw that over to Tim. I would tell you that, and he will get into the numbers, but we've really Tim and Pat Halter just done a terrific job getting the right people in the right roles including sales and distribution. Performance has started to turn around and the level of optimism we have is quite good. But Tim, you want to go ahead and provide some details?
Tim Dunbar: Sure, thanks Humphrey for the question. And I think there are a number of reasons why we're optimistic about the second half of the year. And as Dan said it does really start with producing the right investment performance, and providing the right solutions to our clients. I think we talked quite a lot about really trying to change our approach and develop a strong relationship, make sure that we have solutions for the client in our macro environment. I think that's really starting to take hold. I'd say as well we talked about some of the changes we've made to the distribution structure. So new leadership, really trying to align incentives when our customers win and when we win, making sure that we have the right talent. And so we've actually brought in a fair amount of talent from the outside. And what we're starting to see us some really positive results of that. And what that's meant is that it's really starting to build in terms of our pipeline. So if we look at our mandates one, but not yet funding that pipeline is really strong. If we look at placements of our products on platforms, that pipeline is really strong. And then just behind that, we're seeing really a lot of interest across a large number of our strategies. So we're feeling really good about that. Now I'd tell you that it's difficult to call exactly how mandates come in, and how they fund. The 529 plan Dan mentioned will come in the fourth quarter. But we do believe that through the end of the year we will be positive in net cash flow. Work -- more work to do, we have a lot of initiatives related to retention, and we're going to continue to focus on that as well. But again, pretty optimistic about second half of the year.
Dan Houston: Humphrey, I appreciate you being on the call and your question.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions, first on the asset management business and just your optimism on flows in the second half. To what extent -- the New Mexico 529 mandate, because I think that will bring in maybe close to $2 billion potentially, do you think your flows will be positive, excluding that as well or is that a big part of your assumption about positive flows?
Dan Houston: Yeah, I can assure you, Jimmy, our enthusiasm for the second half of the year's isn't just relying on one particular plan as Tim was framing. The pipeline is good of commitments, and again remember PGI gets fed by a lot of the other businesses here within the organization. So again, our optimism is coming from more than just -- more than just the New Mexico plan. As for trying to speculate exactly what that number would be that probably wouldn't be the wisest thing for me to do on this call.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yeah. And then on the -- just if you could talk about the competitive environment in the Latin pension market and specifically Brazil there has been a lot of talk about pension reform. How do you see that working out, whether it's a plus or a negative for you? And then your flows in Chile were pretty weak this quarter, what's driving that? And any comments on how you see that market unfolding over the next year or so?
Dan Houston: Yeah, I'm really glad you asked that question, Jimmy, because that's top of mind for us to. And before I throw it over to Luis, I would just say this, we've got a very diverse set of businesses between fee spread, and risk, and certainly geographic diversity as well. On any given time, some of these markets will outperform or underperform, and there certainly some political pressures, and economic pressures, that are impacting the Latin American businesses. But no better person to handle the question and dive into the details than Luis Valdes. Luis?
Luis Valdes: Okay, thanks. Hi, Jimmy. Let me start to put in some comments about Brazil and their pension reform. They're making progress. First time ever, there were making insurance program. The Congress, they do have a pension deal under discussion for approval at the Congress level. That pension bill has been approved by some of the most important committees at the lower chamber, so they -- they are making important improvements in that sense. Most of that pension bill is related in order to reshape their pillar or one, their social security system, very compulsory of their story. If the pension bill is going to be approved as it is, I would say that the immediate impact is that is going to reinforce and to accelerate the growth of the voluntary pension business, second pillar, and third pillar in Brazil. So I wouldn't say that even though that pension bill is not addressing any particular issue for the voluntary market, that it's going to reinforce the idea that Brazilians, they have to save more, because essentially the benefits out of the Pillar one are going to be lower going forward. So the good news for Brazil, good news for the pension industry. In general terms, that is about Brazil. And let me comment, our net customer cash growth in general terms about Chile. If you let me start saying that picture with conventional continue having the formidable and well-diversified portfolio. And as you have heard we have just reported 43 consecutive quarter of positive net customer cash flows. And the total of those AUMs is $76 billion in all those years. Among these countries Chile and particularly Cuprum, has effectively reported negative net customer cash flows, and the reasons are essentially three. So the number one is that we are facing some short-term lower investment performance relative to some of our peers. And that is affecting our commercial activities and is putting some pressure on our ability to retain some assets and clients. This is a very competitive environment, Jimmy, and it is very important to keep in mind that -- to clarify also that we're not an outlier in Europe net investment performance, and with most of our funds, the difference in terms of performance between us, and the top performers is no more than 50 up to 60 basis points out of -- and the average investor return up to more than 7% as of today. So we're working on that. The problem is fixable and judging with Team Dapper and Pigam we're putting a lot of effort and resources to work on that. The second thing those affecting the competitive environment there, is that we have more fits on the streets. As long as the industry has increased the number of salespeople in 14% relative to a year ago. Our sales force remained constant and we're working on that in order to refine, you know the size of our sales force today. the third each of that we are implementing some changes in our sales and commercial areas. But in the short term for a good reason sometimes is affecting our Cuprum sales productivity in some areas of -- in Chile. In all of those are the three areas, we are working and panel innovation 52:50 in order to move Cuprum and it positive terrain. if you allow me, it's important to say something about Chile. Chile is in this particular quarter, in local currency, reporting, the highest total AUMs that we have had historically in Chile for Cuprum and for our voluntary business. So from historical stand point of view, we are today managing more assets for our clients than at any given point of our history. That fact in particular is keeping us very optimistic about the gross from prospect for Chile.
Dan Houston: Thanks for that question, Jimmy. The other thing I would just want to say, in addition to Luis's comments is that asset is still performing well within our guidelines of the acquisition, which is now coming in on six years Luis?
Luis Valdes: Yes, since 2012, '13. Yeah.
Dan Houston: Yeah. So again it's hitting our financial expectations. So thank you for the question.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bass: Hi, thank you. I also had a question on international, I mean just looking over the past 12 months. Net revenues are flat on a reported basis and the adjusted earnings declined this quarter and certainly FX has been a headwind. But I was hoping you could talk about some of the other drivers holding back growth given the growth in AUM in the positive cash flows that you've seen?
Dan Houston: Yeah, thank you for the question. And certainly currency plays a role at that. But Luis, you want to go and take that?
Luis Valdes: Yeah, thanks for your question Eric. And if you're looking now, we are trailing 12 month basis. What we have reported, it looks like a minus 1%, the greatest was zero, if you're adding some FX. But if you are just adding the actual assumption changes and FX, immediately you're going in a positive to bring a 7% growth in our TTM basis for our net combined net revenues, which is pretty much more in line about our guidance.
Eric Bass: Got it. Thank you. So, that number was an adjusting for the actuarial review?
Luis Valdes: Neither for FX. I mean, FX is the most important part of, you know, there is a kind of a comparison in the reported basis. In the FX in place $65 million negative in the trailing 12 months for PI.
Dan Houston: We had a good 10-year run where FX was a just a great tailwind to these businesses. And obviously in the last six, seven, eight years, it's been just the opposite, It has been quite a headwind. The good news is the fundamentals, the underlying growth, in participants and what we're building is still quite good. But certainly currency can be vaccine to demonstrating a good solid financial results from these markets. Did you have a follow-up, Eric?
Eric Bass: I did. Actually if I could just switch gears to pension risk transfer, where your sales have been quite strong year-to-date. And I was just curious if you think this is a pull forward of activity just to being early and -- earlier in the year than normal or does the pipeline remain robust for the second half of the year.
Dan Houston: And yeah, so I'll have Renee pile on. But I would just say that of the $900 million in sales for the quarter, t isn't any one large plan and the pipeline still looks good. And it's -- although it's a competitive market, we still like the returns we're getting on the business. Few comments on PRT?
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. So if you look at the -- If you look at 2018 and you look at the number of opportunities or the size of the opportunities as they came to the market. It was about $27 billion market, our industry-wide. We think we're actually seeing that there is a possibility we may be on pace for that, or maybe slightly more as an industry, or as a total market in 2019. And we're fully prepared to take advantage of the opportunities. We'll remain very selective. You'll see us be very disciplined on the risk that we take, and the way that we approach these opportunities. But the pipeline is strong, our position is good and we remain focused in the $5 million to $1 billion range of opportunities. And as Dan mentioned, our success to date is not heavy weighted towards any one transaction. It's a very nice basket of sales that are right in our niche, right in our target market. So we're very pleased with the results.
Operator: The next question is from Suneet Kamat with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamat: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to go back to investment performance, noting the quarter-over-quarter modest improvement you're still down quite a bit year-over-year in terms of the one-year numbers. Just want to get some thoughts there. And at what point do you think that might impact the assets that you manage perhaps for the RIT business?
Dan Houston: Yeah, clearly the outlier for that that one year number was the fourth quarter of this past year, and obviously it hunts enhance that one year performance. The good news is most all of the decision-making as I look at the tools that are being used to assess whether not to direct investment options to Principal, for example, in the Retirement Division. The weighting is on the three and the five. But again, I'll have Tim help maybe provide some better understandings to steps being taken, and any concerns you might have. Tim?
Tim Dunbar: Yeah, I know. Thanks Suneet. I think investment performance we've seen continue to improve throughout 2019. So as Dan mentioned, the fourth quarter was a tough quarter for us. And you saw the investment performance debt. But I do think that what we're producing our asset management solutions that are for the longer term. So for the most part, our clients are looking at those long-term numbers and both the three year numbers, the 66% of the solutions, and AUM in the second and first quartile. And then 83% for five years, we think is really good investment performance. And again like I said before, we think it's resonating with our -- with our clients and we're providing the right solutions and the right performance to them.
Dan Houston: Just one of the thing I pile on Suneet. The other data point is that 88% of our retail mutual funds have either a four or five star ranking. So again that's -- that's where the flows are going and we're in good stead there. Did you have a follow-up?
Suneet Kamat: Yes, I did. We talked about this on the Wells call as well, but I wanted to revisit now that you've had a little bit more time with it. Any thought to maybe adding more of your PGI funds onto the platforms of the Wells accounts? It seems to me that potentially a big opportunity for you guys. But we haven't really spent much time talking about it.
Dan Houston: Yeah. And that's exactly right. I think the big takeaway is we want to make sure that Wells Fargo clients, and their consultants if they're happy with what they currently have we want to honor and respect that. But I will tell you that in working closely with the relationship managers, they are incredibly enthusiastic about some of the investment options that are available, starting with real estate. Some of these are options that weren't otherwise readily available. So we will continue the knowledge transfer to the relationship managers, and the sales professionals, and those prospective clients, and consultants, on the capabilities and skills that we have in these investment areas. And so we remain optimistic, just like we do in our existing value proposition to our clients, that we have great skills and capabilities across a number of these asset classes, and we'll be having those conversations. But by no means, will they have to move over. It will be simply discussion, and presenting these options to these prospective clients.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi. First question I had was just on RIS-Spread. I guess -- when I was looking at the net investment income performance this quarter, I even asked, I think some of the prepays and so forth you're calling out. It looks like a pretty strong pickup in NII base yield, which was a little surprising, just in light of the declining rate environment. So I was just interested in any commentary you have there. Is this kind of new level more sustainable, I think it was around 70 bps increase quarter-over-quarter? So, any color there would be great.
Dan Houston: Yeah, you've got it down well. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think we did hear last night, and your question says that people thought our net investment income looked a little higher whether it being spread or within all of the US businesses. But actually, when -- I actually think it holds together pretty well. Once you adjust for variable investment income and you take into the account the growth we've seen in the general account or the spread business from a year ago. So our spread average JV is up 11% on a trailing 12 month basis, 12% from a year ago. And actually if you look at our variable investment income, it's up maybe 15% quarter-over-quarter, but 12% on a trailing 12 month basis. So it's not that significant, we off of the growth in that business. I like to look at that on a longer period of time, as any one quarter can have some anomalies in it. For example, last quarter we did say that variable investment income was slightly below our expectations, but not enough to call out in any one period. So I think that is influencing that as well. Going forward, there could be some slight pressure on the amount of net investment income that we have if interest rates stay at the current lower level. But I think once you adjust for variable investment income, the growth in net investment income is tracking pretty darn close to the growth in the business.
Dan Houston: That help, Alex?
Alex Scott: Yeah, that is helpful. And maybe just a follow up. When I think about since the outlook you guys provided about a year ago. The 10 years, dropped about 100 basis points. When I think about that kind of a move, I know PFGs maybe a little less rate sensitive than some peers. But how should I think about the way that you'd expect that the impact the EPS, whether it's this year, thinking about next year? And what are some of the levers that you can maybe pull to offset some of that pressure?
Dan Houston: Yes. actually a little bit longer than a year ago, and it's been quite a roller coaster ride if you think about where we were at, where we went to, and where we've returned. And the good news is we don't take a lot of interest rate risk. But Deanna, do you want to help frame that for Alex?
Deanna Strable: Yeah, I'll actually take you back to our rules of thumb that we have talked about and it was actually included in the slide deck that we put out there. And so that rule of thumb on earnings is a 100 basis point decline in rates has less than a 1% impact on our overall earnings. Obviously, that could be more significant in the spread business and the Life business, but because of our mix of business, it's less than 1%. The other thing I would say that I think it's really critical, and we said it in our prepared remarks, if you look at our new money yield today, it's pretty darn close to what our portfolio yield is. And so that's going to have less pressure on our overall earnings impact than if there was a big differential between that portfolio rate, and that new money rates. I think it's very, very manageable. You could see some impact, but I think relative to our peers that impact is muted.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: The final question is from Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah, thank you for the meeting today.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. So if we look at -- like, you know, I read so you had this large mandate outflow in your new mandates coming in. Can we talk a little bit about the impact on AUM, on PGI, from blocking and tackling growing assets versus mandates. Are these mandates lower margin in the rest of the business? Are they higher margin if we think five years ahead? Do we want to win more of these mandates? Of course we do, but they also have a -- they're less margin attractive then growing the business. How should we think about the evolution, I guess, of the AUM trend and what it means for margins overall?
Dan Houston: Well, you know, when I think about the evolution of our asset management company, it starts with the fact that we have so many asset raising capabilities embedded within the organization, whether it's the life company, or the mutual fund a capabilities, annuities, retirement, etc. We deliberately have gone out within the last 20 years to build an institutional asset management business, which by its very nature tends to be a little bit more lumpy larger mandates. What I have found frankly the most refreshing over that period of time is how independently fixed income, equities, real estate alternatives, both domestic, international, have grown and are appealing to all of those client types of that I just mentioned. And maybe with that Tim, you can help us explain the lumpy nature of mandates versus these other opportunities are more consistently flowing in.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. I would say each mandate is quite different and it depends on the asset class that it comes in to. So the big mandate that went out, was an investment grade fixed income mandate. Obviously, those are going to be lower fees. The new mandate coming in on the 529, actually most of the assets will flow into the mutual funds. And so you would see those coming in at similarly attractive fees. I think within our investment management franchise as Dan said, we have a very diverse portfolio of capabilities. And so what we see our pressure in some areas, like with active equities. And certainly, there has been some pressure on fees coming down in the move to passive. But we have some specialty capabilities as well. So think about our real estate capabilities, think about our preferred security capabilities, high yield. We're still seeing good fee levels on those. And so, in any given quarter, in any given year, those are going to be a bit lumpy and change. And I think one thing that we'll do going forward is to try to give you more color on what those big mandates and big flows look like, and how you should think about the revenue coming in off of those both on the way in, but also on the way out.
Dan Houston: And to that point some of the stated maturities. And that's been some of the lumpiness the last couple of years where it was expected and was going to expire. Did you have a quick follow-up? Okay.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Josh, I apologize if you did have a follow-up, gives a call. We'll make sure to get to you. I appreciate everyone taking the time today. We do very much like the way we've gone out capital deployment. These last 12 months we are very bullish as you can take from this call. On the Wells Fargo IRT business, we really are as enthusiastic today as we were when we first started working on the opportunity. Expense discipline is a big part of what we have done in the past. We'll continue to stay focused on that. I'm very excited about talking in more detail in the future about these digital initiatives, and how they're helping our customers. And then lastly, as you could pick up from the tone of the divisional presidents, latter half of the year for us looks quite good and we like the pipeline, we like the growth in the economy, and where these businesses going. So again thank you for your confidence in the organization. Look forward to seeing you on the road soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day, August 2, 2019. 1967548 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 US and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 International callers.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's First Quarter Conference Call. As always materials related to today's call are available on our Web site at principal.com/investor. I'll start by mentioning two changes to our first quarter financial supplement. As a reminder effective January 1, 2019, we changed how we allocate certain expenses and net investment income among the business units. These changes were evaluated in conjunction with the enterprise wide global financial process improvement project. Results for prior periods have been recast so that they are on an comparable basis. There was no impact to total company financial results. Also effective January 1, 2019, Claritas our investment management company in Brazil with approximately $1.4 billion of assets under management moved from Principal International to Principal Global Investors. This realignment results in deeper integration with PGI's global distribution and stronger connectivity to the shared services and investment teams within PGI. I also want to note that with the planned acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement Trust business, we are currently evaluating our reporting structure and financial supplement to best reflect the combined organization. The acquisition is scheduled to close third quarter 2019. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Renee Schaaf, Retirement Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management; Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information subsequent events or changes in strategies. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied or discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share some performance highlights and accomplishments that position us for continued growth, including the planned acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust Business that we announced April 9. Deanna will follow up with details on our financial results and capital deployment. First quarter was a good start to the year for Principal. We continued to expand our distribution network and array of retirement investment and protection solutions, advance our digital business strategies creating value for customers and gaining efficiencies, balance investments in our business with expense discipline, be good stewards of shareholder capital, and deliver strong results despite ongoing revenue pressure. At $400 million, non-GAAP operating earnings were down 2% compared to a very strong first quarter 2018 but up 27% on a sequential basis reflecting a strong rebound in macroeconomic factors. On a trailing 12-month basis, non-GAAP operating earnings were nearly $1.6 billion up 5% from the year ago period reflecting 2% growth in non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings and a lower effective tax rate. Compared to a year ago, total company reported assets under management or AUM increased nearly $2 billion to a record $675 billion. Excluding the impacts of foreign currency exchange and operations acquired and disposed during the trailing 12 months, AUM would have increased by $29 billion or 4%. On a sequential basis, AUM increased $49 billion or 8%. Asset appreciations added $43 billion to AUM in the first quarter more than offsetting the $34 billion drop in the fourth quarter from unfavorable market performance. We've also increased AUM in our joint venture in China to a record $158 billion in the first quarter. This is an increase of $14 billion or 10% compared to a year ago despite a negative $8 billion impact from foreign currency exchange. As a reminder, China isn't included in our reported AUM. As further color on our asset management franchise, we again received some noteworthy third party recognition during the quarter including multiple best fund awards from Lipper. Additionally, at the Asia Asset Management 2019 Best of the Best awards, CIMB Principal was recognized as the Best Asset Management House in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and was awarded Fund Launch of the year, and in Chile we were recognized by Morningstar as the best equity fund manager in 2018 for having the best Latin American equity fund in 2018. Principal Real Estate Investors recently received the Partner of the Year Sustained Excellence Award for continued leadership and superior contributions to Energy Star. This reflects our longstanding commitment to responsible property investing and our focus on high-performing energy efficient buildings. Slide 5 highlights the improvement in our investment performance. At the end of the first quarter, for our Morningstar rated funds, 81% of the fund level AUM had a four or five star rating, and 83% of the principal actively managed mutual funds, ETFs, separate accounts, and collective investment trusts were above median for a five year performance, at 53% above median, for the one-year performance, and 66% above median for the three year performance, we delivered 12 and 14 percentage point improvements respectively compared to the year-end 2018. These gains reflect a rebound in our international equity strategies, which as discussed at the fourth quarter call, were also dampening performance of our target date solutions. Given our focus on long-term strategies, it's important for us to maintain conviction in our investment process. It's reassuring when performance recovers after short downturns. Moving to total company net cash flow, we delivered a positive $5.5 billion in the first quarter relative to outflows in the sequential and prior year quarters. RIS delivered $4.1 billion of net cash flow, its fifth consecutive positive quarter and the second best quarter on record. This was driven by record sales, strong retention, and recurring deposit growth in our RIS fee, and RIS spread sales increased $1.2 billion or 139% compared to the year ago quarter. Principal International generated $800 million of net cash flow, its 42nd consecutive positive quarter and $1.7 billion of positive net cash flow from our joint venture in China that is not included in reported net cash flow. PGI sourced net cash flow turned positive in the quarter and nearly $300 million after five consecutive quarters of net outflows. First quarter was the best net cash flow quarter for our U.S. retail mutual fund business in more than two years. As we've discussed on prior calls, we have approximately $3 billion in the at-risk investment grade bond strategy with a single international client in PGI due to high currency hedging cost. We expect the client to withdraw the entire amount over the course of the second quarter. We continue to manage other assets for this client in other strategies where hedging costs can be more easily absorbed. The client continues to award us additional mandates reflecting the ongoing strength of the relationship. As we're all aware, of the asset management industry and PGI continues to experience pressure including increased demand for lower-cost investment options and volatility in capital markets. Were pleased with our headway on multiple fronts to address these industry pressures. We're starting to see benefits emerge from restructuring our distribution teams. We continue to add key resources and we're building our business intelligence to help inform our sales process positioning us for increasing success in key institutional retail markets. Other progress in the first quarter included the launch of more than a dozen new investment strategies across our U.S. and international platforms with the vast majority in Latin America and Asia. I'm particularly encouraged by the continued collaboration between PGI and Principal International in these markets. We also launched the Principal Guaranteed option during the first quarter expanding our lineup of fixed income investment solutions for retirement plans. This new option offers a compelling crediting rate and seeks to preserve capital and support performance through differing market cycles. It's also portable. Customers can maintain their investment even if the plan moves to a new record keeper. As a notable ETF development, we created a guided approach to factor investing to help customers achieve their unique goals. We partnered with NASDAQ Dorsey Wright for the first time to launch the Principal NDW factor rotation model portfolio. We also earned nearly 30 total placements in the first quarter with more than 20 different offerings on 16 different platforms. This reflects our continued success getting our investment options added to third-party distribution platforms, recommended list, and model portfolios. More broadly, we continue to see strong interest in our specialty, solution-oriented and alternative investment capabilities as we help clients diversify, build wealth, generate income, protect against downside risks, and address inflation. Now, I will share some key execution highlights starting with our planned acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust Business. As of year-end 2018, this business had more than $825 billion of assets under administration across several retirement and non-retirement products including Defined Contribution, Defined Benefit, non-qualified executive benefits, institutional trust and custody, and institutional asset advisory. This doubles our footprint of our U.S. retirement business, increasing our retirement assets to over $500 billion and will serve a combined 7.5 million participants making us a top three retirement plan provider. Given the current competitive environment, it could have taken us more than a decade to grow participants to this level organically. Beyond adding scale to our retirement businesses, the addition of the non-retirement trust and custody offering adds a diversifying revenue source. Importantly, the acquisition is expected to generate $425 million of run rate revenue for Principal once fully integrated in 2022. The acquisition is clearly strategic further enabling us to capitalize on one of the largest opportunities in financial services, U.S. retirement savings and retirement income markets. This acquisition will solidify our leadership and enhance our position in pension reform discussions around the world. We look forward to serving our new customers and working with new employees and new advisors. As part of our accelerated digital investments, we launched simple invest during the quarter. Our first product with robust wealth, the solution introduces robo advisor services for retirement savings and retirement income. While we've provided education guidance to our customers for many years. This is our first foray into digital advice for our U.S. retirement business initially we're focusing on participants who are retiring or changing jobs where we are the plan provider. It's designed for participants who don't have an advisor or prefer to do it themselves over the long-term, the addition of Wells Fargo institutional retirement business only magnifies the potential opportunity. We recently became the first retirement plan provider to offer voice activated financial wellness and retirement readiness education. With our February launch of a weekly Principal flash briefing through Amazon Alexa. We launched a new onboarding experience for retirement plan participants last November nearly 70,000 people use the tool in the first quarter. Early results show that we are improving retirement outcomes. Average deferral rates exceeded 7% with more than one in four participants at 10% or higher and at 26% the take up of the automatic savings increase is twice the rate of our existing block of participants. And our protection businesses, we continue to invest in initiatives that make us easier to do business with. Our specialty benefits call center chatbot is now giving general providers more convenient access to answers while reducing call volume. We've also debuted edelivery of our term life insurance policies enhancing the experience for both the customer and the advisor. Deanna will cover this in more detail, but I want to emphasize our balanced approach to capital deployment in addition to ongoing investments in organic growth, strategic acquisitions and our accelerated investment in digital business strategies, we continue to return capital to shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned $280 million to investors through common stock dividends and share buybacks bringing our trailing 12-month total to more than $1.2 billion. I'll also share some additional recognition for the quarter. Forward's name Principal one of America's best employers for diversity. For a fourth consecutive year Principal earned a perfect score on the human rights campaign's Corporate Equality Index making us one of HRC's best places to work for LGBT equality. For the ninth time [indiscernible] Principal as one of the world's most ethical companies. And for the 18th time, the National Association of Female Executives named Principal one of the top companies for executive women. This speaks volumes about who we are as a company and why we're going to be successful long-term. In closing, again, first quarter was a good start to the year for Principal. We continue to make steady progress in helping customers and clients achieve financial security. I expect us to build additional momentum throughout 2019 and for that to translate into long-term value for shareholders and each of our stakeholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning and thank you for participating on our call. Today I'll discuss key contributors to our first quarter financial results and I'll provide an update on capital deployment. The first quarter was a good start to 2019 with net income attributable to Principal of $430 million, an increase of 8% from the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $400 million or $1.43 per diluted share in the first quarter. EPS increased 2% compared to a very strong first quarter 2018. Our non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 16.4% for the first quarter at the lower end of our 2019 guided range of 16% to 20%. ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 13.4% on a reported basis. As a result of favorable macro economic conditions, we had three significant variances during first quarter with a positive $33 million benefit to reported non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings. The significant variances included $15 million of lower DAC amortization and RIS fee due to the point to point increase in the equity markets, $13 million of higher than expected encaje performance in Principal International and $5 million benefit from the net impact of inflation in Latin America also in Principal International excluding significant variances in both periods, total company non-GAAP operating earnings of $376 million increased 6% from fourth quarter 2018, but decreased 10% from the very strong year ago quarter. Looking at macro economics equity markets started the year strong with a 13% increase in the S&P 500 Index during the quarter. Despite this, the Daily average increased only 1% compared to fourth quarter and decreased slightly from the year ago quarter. As there was only a slight increase in the daily average, revenue and earnings did not receive much of a benefit from the positive market performance in the quarter. Foreign currency exchange rates created a headwind of $10 million for Principal International's pre-tax operating earnings relative to the prior year quarter, but were a slight benefit compared to fourth quarter 2018. Mortality and morbidity experienced for RIS spread and specialty benefits were in line with our expectations, but less favorable than first quarter 2018. Seasonality impacts our first quarter results in both PGI and specialty benefits. As expected, PGI had higher compensation costs in the first quarter. That said, PGI's total operating expenses were lower than a typical first quarter. Also as expected, specialty benefits experienced higher dental and vision claims and higher sales related expenses in the first quarter. As a reminder, first quarter 2018 benefited from an extremely low and unsustainable individual disability loss ratio. We expect annual earnings and specialty benefits to emerge approximately 45% in the first half of the year and 55% in the second half of the year with the seasonality concentrated in the first quarter. The following comments on business unit results exclude significant variances from both periods. On a trailing 12-month basis excluding the annual actuarial review and encaje performance, pre-tax margins for all business units were within or above the 2019 guided ranges. Expenses continue to be well managed even with our accelerated digital investments and other ongoing investments in the businesses. Pre-tax operating earnings for all businesses with the exception of corporate were in line with our better than our expectations for the quarter. RIS fees underlying business fundamentals continue to be strong compared to the year ago quarter, sales were up 30% to a record $5.4 billion, recurring deposits grew 9% with an 11% increase in deferrals and a 14% increase in employer matches. Defined contribution plan count increased more than 3% or over 1200 plans and defined contribution participant count increased 9% with nearly 300,000 net new participants. During the quarter, RIS spread had $2.1 billion of sales more than doubled the prior year quarter. Fixed annuity sales were $800 million and we had record first quarter pension risk transfer sales of $600 million. The pipeline for pension risk transfer sales remained strong for 2019. U.S. insurance solutions also started the year with strong sales including record sales and specialty benefits. We continue to grow and deepen relationships with customers as we increase lines of coverage and our group benefits block by 13% from the prior year period. PGI's pre-tax operating earnings declined 11% from the prior year period to $101 million. This was primarily due to lower fee revenue due to a decline in average AUM resulting from muted market performance, negative net cash flow and operations acquired and disposed over the trailing 12 months. At$84 million corporate pre-tax operating losses were higher than our expected run rate due to normal quarterly volatility and expenses. For full year, we do anticipate corporate losses to be above the high-end of our 2019 guided range of $300 million to $320 million. This is primarily due to the impact of the planned acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement Trust business and higher security benefit expenses due to the market decline at the end of 2018. After we closed the acquisition, we'll have transaction cost and additional interest expense from our new debt issuance as well as lower investment income from using available capital to finance a portion of the acquisition. As shown on Slide 12, we deployed $280 million of capital during the quarter including $150 million in common stock dividends and $130 million in share repurchases. We expect to deploy well above our $1 billion to $1.4 billion capital deployment range in 2019 after taking into consideration the $1.2 billion that we committed in April for the planned acquisition of the Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust business. We anticipate the acquisition to close in the third quarter of 2019 and we are evaluating our reporting structure and financial supplement to best reflect the combined organization. As shared on the acquisition announcement call, we have suspended share repurchases and expect to resume no later than first quarter of 2020. Last night, we announced a $0.54 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter a 4% increase from a year ago. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have approximately a 4% dividend yield and we're at our targeted 40% net income payout ratio. During the quarter, we made the decision to lower our long-term [NIIC] [ph] risk based capital target by 20 percentage points with the midpoint of our range now at 400%. As a reminder, at year-end 2018, our RBC ratio was reduced by 45 percentage points as a result of a change to the NIIC formula associated with U.S. tax reform. Our capital and liquidity positions remained very strong. At the end of the first quarter, we had $1.1 billion of available capital in the holding company, $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries and $200 million of capital in excess of our new RBC midpoint of 400%. The financial flexibility we've created allows us to execute the Wells Fargo transaction without compromising our liquidity and leverage targets. We have no meaningful debt maturities until 2022 and our leverage ratio is expected to remain within our 20% to 25% targeted range. Whether through strategic acquisitions organic growth or investing in our businesses, we continue to prioritize investments that position Principal for long-term success. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. A question for Renee regarding. RIS fees, flows obviously were very good in the quarter, transfer and recurring deposits were strong. But one thing that's notable is the withdrawals came down meaningfully compared to the past couple of quarters. Can you talk about the driver for the improvement and kind of what you think about the net flows pictures for the balance of the year?
Dan Houston: Yes. Humphrey thanks for the question. It really was a great quarter for RIS full service, and Renee is in an ideal position to respond to your question.
Renee Schaaf: Thank you, Humphrey. Yes, you're correct. If you do look at our withdrawals for first quarter 2019, they are favorable. And if you were to dissect that a little bit further, you would see that our plan sponsor or the contract withdrawals in particular were very favorable. One thing to know, though is, as you make a quarter over one year ago quarter comparison, we did have a relatively large plan withdrawal in first quarter 2018, so that needs to be taken, excuse me, third quarter -- excuse me, first quarter. Pardon me. And so that would have to be taken into consideration as well, but it was a very good net cash flow quarter overall.
Humphrey Lee: I guess, are you doing anything different in terms of client retention or anything like that that helps to foresee the more favorable withdrawal activities?
Renee Schaaf: I would say, Humphrey, that if you were to look at our overall model, we continue to invest in the customer experience and you see this in several different ways. We've made consistent digital investments into creating new tools that would make both the plan sponsor and the participant experience better. So, from a plan sponsor perspective, for example, investing in the chat features, investing into new tools that would allow the plan sponsor to better serve their participants using online capabilities certainly lead to a better experience and better retention. And the same thing is true in the participant side. So I would say that the favorable retention results that you see here reflect a very strong underlying business model.
Dan Houston: Yes. The only thing I might add Humphrey to that impressive list of things that Renee and her team are doing is, if I look at it, it's still 50% of the sales are total retirement suite. They find great value in combining deferred comp, defined benefit, and defined contribution. Also, I think that the new tool that was rolled out within the last six months called Picture that allows our sales reps to be more fluid in their sales presentations to prospective clients and advisors, very positive feedback from the market. And then, also noteworthy, a 12% increase in the number of new advisors we're working with in this current period. So I think across every one of the important metrics around leveraging technology and our position with our alliance partners we've got good momentum. So thanks for the question Humphrey.
Humphrey Lee: I appreciate the color. Just a follow up on PGI. So you've talked about the $3 billion outflows. You saw and I understand that they have very low fees, but I was just wondering, can you size the earnings impact from that outflow, and then on the flip side, the new mandate that you're getting from the same clients, do you expect that to offset the earnings impact from the $3 billion outflow?
Dan Houston: Tim, youve got a quick response. 
Tim Dunbar: Sure. Thanks for the question, Humphrey. I think as we've talked before, this is a good relationship with a really good client. We continue to see interest in higher-value added strategies that fit well with the hedging costs that they're seeing today. We don't quantify exactly how much we're losing in terms of the fees related to the $3 billion, but I would say the new mandate goes a fair way to replacing that revenue.
John Egan: Thanks for the question.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. For RIS fee, looking at the adjusted return on net revenue ex the favorable DAC this quarter, looks like they are still at the high-end of the guidance range for the year even though fee income was still dampened a bit by market. So just wondering if theres anything else that boosted results this quarter or do you think margins at the higher end of the range are sustainable going forward?
Dan Houston: Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for the question Erik. When we look at the 30% return on net revenue for our first quarter, we're not seeing anything unusual that would boost the results there. And so, when we look forward for the remainder of the year, we think our guidance of 26% to 30% remains very appropriate.
Erik Bass: Thanks. Got it. And then another question for RIS shifting to the spread side, PRT activity was strong both for you and it looks like across the industry in 1Q, Im curious what you think is driving this and does it suggest that we're on pace for just a really strong sales year or is that a pull forward of activity? 
Dan Houston: I think it's a great question. I'll have Renee answer it, but I will say that it's been interesting to me as we've seen these interest rates go up and sort of tested 3.25, 3, and knocking on the door at 3.5, and they've fallen back. I think again, it just sort of wakes up. These things are normally in process. They're in motion. They're -- they've already sort of aligned their thoughts with things they want to unload this liability from their balance sheet, and frankly it not only was a good quarter but it's an incredibly strong pipeline for the balance of the year. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Erik, just to give you a little bit of color about the sales that we saw in first quarter. We did see about $600 million of pension risk transfer sales and this was not dominated by a single large sale. This was really many smaller sales that are smaller sized transfers that fall comfortably within our sweet spot. We do continue to see a very robust pipeline for PRT and the other thing that I would, I think is very interesting when you look at the industry. There's about $3 trillion of defined benefit or pension corporate plans out there. And only a very small portion of that has been derisks from corporate balance sheets. So I do think we'll continue to see strong pipelines moving forward. We will also continue to be very careful and very disciplined as we look at these opportunities to make sure that the risk profile and that the returns are well within our comfort range.
Erik Bass: Sure. Thanks for the questions.
John Egan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Good morning. First question I had was just on PGI on the fees. I mean just looking at the fee rate quarter-over-quarter, I mean doing a calculation it seems like it dropped more than it has sequentially for a while now. So I'd just be interested in any commentary was there any kind of repricing activity that maybe drove that. Does it have to do maybe just with the fear of fee days or something like that? I'm just trying to get a feel for -- if there is more pressure there or if it's just something with the calculation?
Dan Houston: And certainly mix comes into that as well Tim you want to go and take that.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. So the fee rate did drop as you suggest for the first quarter here and I would say the large majority of that is related to transaction fees. Those are predominantly on commercial real estate. So if you think about first quarter after that sort of volatile fourth quarter commercial mortgage loan activity got started off at a slower pace. I would say that's picked up dramatically and we're seeing that come back. So, we don't see that being a long-term issue throughout the year. We also had a little bit less than what we would have seen in performance fees. And then, as you suggest there has been fee pressure in the industry and we've continued to update our fee level but that's been -- and so you've seen a little bit of that but that's been a much smaller component of it.
Alex Scott: That's helpful. And then, my follow up question is, just in the corporate segment, compensation and other came in a bit higher, I guess can you add dimension, how much do you expect to continue, I mean is the 300 to 320 range for the full year still so a good way to think about it.
Dan Houston: Yes. It's a good question and one of course Deanna is in a good position to respond to.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks Alex. As I mentioned on earlier on the call, we do now expect to be above the guidance. So really have a larger [indiscernible] two drivers of that, one that was seen in the first quarter and one that will more play out towards the end of the year. The one that was seen in the first quarter was that we did have higher security benefit pension expenses. That was not known at the time of the outlook call it really gets determined really on 12/31. And due to the market decline that increased our GAAP expense for the pension plan and that will continue as we go throughout the year. The other driver and corporate will actually be due to the impacts of the Wells acquisition. So we will have some one-time transaction costs that will come into corporate. We'll also have the additional financing costs due to our debt issuance and we'll also have some lost investment income due to lower excess capital as we fund that acquisition. And so that will cause us to be above that original targeted range of 300 to 320. I would say that the first quarter loss is a good proxy, absent the impact of the Wells transaction. But as you have seen in corporate for many, many years, this will obviously be very volatile quarter-to-quarter.
Dan Houston: Appreciate the questions Alex.
Alex Scott: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. First, I just had a question on asset management flow. They obviously turn to positive this quarter after I think five straight quarterly decline. So does this have anything to do with any of the management changes or the initiatives you've been undertaking over the past year in the business or just if you could give some color on what drove this?
Dan Houston: Yes. We're excited about the change in direction and Tim and Dunbar and Pat Halter, I think have just done an extraordinarily outstanding job Jimmy looking under the hood of PGI and understanding where some efficiencies in distribution could be gained. And so there has been some realignment and I'd also tell you that the group is highly motivated and excited about the leadership. With that I'll ask him to fill in the blanks.
Tim Dunbar: Jimmy thanks a lot for the question. And we have talked a lot about some of the management changes we've made, some of the structural changes and really trying to align the group with our clients. And so really the focus has been in creating that long-term relationship and bringing to bear all of the solutions that are diversified boutique model brings. And so we are starting to see some positive signs of that placements on platforms of some of our products. And really for this quarter one of the things, I'm probably most excited about is that the range of products we've seen positive flows and has really been something that we've been trying to achieve. So not only did we see some of our yield oriented products like preferreds, high yield, diversified real assets see positive flows, but even a lot of our equity products. So REITs, blue chip which has a large cap U.S. equity product really sets some decent flows, equity income and small cap international, so really across a broad range of capabilities. And so we're optimistic about the future. Obviously second quarter we'll have some headwinds with a client that's leaving, but for the second half of the year, we still feel good about that then net cash flows.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, there's a lot of talk about new pension regulation, secure act and how that affects smaller employers. Do you see that as more as an opportunity or is there a threat in there as well that the potential sort of better bargaining leverage on the part of smaller employers as they can combine to offer a retirement plan.
Tim Dunbar: Jimmy, we spent a lot of time on this topic, it's an important one not only important here in the U.S. but there's a lot of pension regulation changes occurring around the world. But, the idea of the MEPs, the multiple employer plans. We've been in that business for a long time. We understand exactly how to execute on that strategy. And our vantage point is, if it increases coverage and it increases adequacy for American workers, we want to pursue that. It's just good policy. But I'll ask Renee to add some additional color on how we're executing on that strategy. Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Thank you, Jimmy. As Dan said that we're very excited about the potential of what could evolve with pension reform in the United States. And the open MEPs is just one of the aspects that we think will extend coverage to smaller employers. But there's another aspect of this reform that I think is very important and we believe will serve Americans well and that is better positioning the annuity to be a part of retirement plans moving forward. As you know today, it's not clear there's not a safe harbor plan design for plan sponsors to add the annuity option [indiscernible] defined contribution plan. So we really believe that it's in the best interest of Americans to have this kind of income guarantee available to them moving forward. And so, we're excited not only about the open MEPs, but also about the ability to provide that higher through retire solution to the U.S. worker.
John Egan: Thanks Jimmy. Great questions.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Dan Houston: John, you there?
John Barnidge: Sorry. My phone is muted. Specialty benefits on increase in lapse rates for group life and incurred loss rates for group dental as compared to a year ago. Can you talk about what you're seeing there a little bit please?
Dan Houston: Yes, absolutely. Amy please?
Amy Friedrich: Thanks for the question, John. I think what we're really getting at here is probably mostly a comparison issue. I think Deanna mentioned it in her comments before, but we typically see a lot of first quarter seasonality from our dental vision line. And last year first quarter we didn't see quite as much of that. I would say we're back to normal seasonality for dental and vision for first quarter of this year. For group disability in terms of the loss ratios, first quarter last year was unusually low. We had a lot of moving pieces happening first quarter last year that kind of made things a little noisier product by product. But I would say we're back to something at this point now that we feel like is indicative of a pretty good run rate. So always a reminder too on loss ratios given the seasonality, given the things that can happen quarter-by-quarter in these businesses, trailing 12 months tends to be a good guideline to go back to.
Dan Houston: And well within the ranges.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. And then lapses. Did you have a lapse question as well John?
John Barnidge: Yes. I did. Thanks.
Amy Friedrich: Okay. Let me get at the lapse question then Q. One of the things that will happen with the businesses from quarter-to-quarter, we can have larger cases that have some impact into our lapses. And so when I look at Group Life, Group Life for first quarter of this year was impacted by some larger case lapses. Keep in mind that as we look at the business we look at what rate we need. We asked for rate increases against that business and when I look at our Group Life Lock, we are increasing the profitability and performance of that block. So I'm comfortable with any lapses that happened first quarter.
John Barnidge: Great. And then my follow up sticking with the group a bit, it's really strong sales continued a lot of the progress seen. What are you seeing there on the pricing competitive landscape and where you're maybe seeing demand come from? Thank you very much. 
Dan Houston: Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Right. So that the landscape is competitive but not irrational in the markets that we're in. So, keep in mind in the markets that we're in, we're mostly in that small to medium sized marketplace. So, we don't tend to be in that larger and we don't tend to be in the jumbo case on the hunt for some of those jumbo cases. And so, when I look at the pricing we're able to typically get the type of price that we want on a really attractive growth rate. I would come back to I think we do the fundamentals of the business really, really well especially in the small market. In fact I'd argue in the small market we're probably one of the best total offerings out there in terms of total value.
John Egan: Appreciate the questions John.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on the Wells retirement acquisition more strategic. In the past, they typically seemed more cautious on a larger case record keeping business, so was hoping you could give some perspective on how and why your view on that has changed now?
Dan Houston: Ryan thanks for that question. Well, I can't tell you how excited we are about welding the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and trust business to Principal for a lot of different reasons. We actually as you've pointed out have focused on that small to medium with a modest amount of large plans. And then, if you looked at their block, it really inserts nicely because we actually have more jumbo cases than Wells Fargo has. So there was a little bit of a gap in our sort of total lineup. So we're excited about what that feels. Additionally as was mentioned in the prepared comments, the fact that they have this trust business gives us some additional flexibilities. I would also tell you that the fact that they have an ESAP program in place, a non-qualified structure in place. It just fits like hand in glove in terms of our existing structure. So other than size, it is also additive and that they have historically worked with a group of advisors, consultants that maybe weren't first top of mind for Principal and given our strategy in terms of bringing over a large percentage of the relationship managers and the consultants, relationship management teams et cetera. We feel that we can really create a seamless transition for the advisors, for the clients, for the participants and just frankly add a whole lot more value. And with that, I realize I took quite a bit of time Renee. But we'd love to have you make some additional comments.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you. Yes, I would agree with Dan's comments. This acquisition is really ideal from so many different perspectives. First off, it reinforces our commitment to the retirement industry. And when you look traditionally at the capabilities that we've brought to the marketplace, from a record keeping perspective, we serve a wide range of clients in terms of size, in terms of makeup, in terms of the various characteristics and needs. And so having the ability to add scale to our recordkeeping platform makes us that much more competitive, the ability to lower the unit cost, the ability to scale our platforms to allow us to remain competitive in the industry to continue to invest in this business and to deliver favorable margins. The capabilities that we're adding in the large planned market are very attractive to us. Adding abilities in the consulting channel again is very important. And the last thing that I'll mention is, we also have access to a very experienced and talented employee pool and I can't stress that enough. We had the opportunity this past week to invite about 100 of the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and Trust Team members into the line. And I can't tell you the level of energy and enthusiasm that we had amongst the group. And what struck me was the commonality that we all have in terms of keeping the customer at the center and making sure that everything that we do is customer-centric and will advance our ability to serve both the plan sponsor and the participant in the years to come. So we're very excited about this transition and the acquisition.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thank you very much.
John Egan: Thank you, Ryan. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Maybe just staying on RIS fee for a bit. Just in terms of the fee levels maybe you could give a little guidance as to where you kind of see that going in the next year or two, we kind of do a calculate. We calculated 66 basis points of fees and other revenues divided by average assets in '17, and then it was 63 last year. And we will get this quarter and it was about 58 basis points and I know that it has something to do with the average daily balances versus 59 in the prior quarter. But, maybe you could just give us a little color on where you see that going over the next one or two or three years. 
Dan Houston: Happy to cover that, Renee?
Renee Schaaf: Sure. First off, let's maybe take a look at what happened in first quarter and then I'll make some comments about where what we might expect moving forward. But when we look at first quarter and you compare that to a quarter one year ago. The first thing to keep in mind is that the S&P daily average was down about 0.5%. And so that of course had a very -- that muted market performance had an impact on the year-over-year fee levels that you can expect for us to deliver. So, a portion of that of the gap there was about a 6% gap year-over-year, a quarter-over-quarter rather. So most of that again as a result of a very muted market performance. The other thing that I would draw your attention to is, when we mentioned this in our outlook call, we anticipate seeing about a 1% to 2% decline in fees as a result of commissions beginning to transfer to fees paid to advisors. And what this does is it, it reduces the net revenue, but it also reduces the commission line, so that the impact to the pre-tax operating earnings remains the same and the impact to the margin remains the same. And just a quick commentary on that trend, we view that very favorably. It absolutely isolates the advisor, compensation and makes that very visible to the plan sponsor and it removes it from a conversation that's necessary as we think about our fees with the plan sponsor. So, we would anticipate that kind of activity to continue. So, then looking forward, historically you've heard us talk about that 5% to 8% gap between growth and account values and growth in net revenues. And that's the result of the typical pressures within the industry on revenues that results from decoupling the recordkeeping decision from the investment management decision, the open architecture reduction and investment management fees due to passive investing things of that nature. We envision that that's a reasonable guideline moving forward. So, we would say, you can expect to see about a 5% to 8% gap due to simple industry revenue pressures as well as maybe a 1% to 2% shift due to commissions moving to a fee-based compensation arrangement.
Dan Houston: Andrew, I think it also speaks to why we feel we have to have scale on these businesses for this very reason.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And very helpful. And then, just the next question actually maybe I could sneak a one liner before the next question. But just the tax rate at 16 were and Deanna talked about 16 to 20 guidance. Can we expect the low end going forward? And then just shifting over to just staying on pension risk transfer. Maybe talk about the level of competition in these smaller accounts. You mentioned that the pricing is better than the jumbo, but how many competitors do you see when you typically go after one of these smaller PRTs. Is it aggressive?
Dan Houston: Yes. Let me take both of those, I would say that the tax rate we still think is going to be well within the range. I wouldn't want to speculate at this point in time on a full year basis, but when we look at the tax rate on the lower end, but well within the range. On the pension risk transfer business there really does break into two different groups large and small. Think about kind of below $0.5 billion and greater than a half a billion. And I would say in each case there's about a half a dozen key competitors we know who they are. We know how they get to where they're at. We're still getting what we consider to be a very nice return on invested capital in these lines of business. There are a few more competitors today than there was two or three years ago, but it is a competitive marketplace. But we think we're getting more than adequately compensated for the use of the capital for this line of business. And again very committed to it. Appreciate the question.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Thomas Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Another follow up on RIS fee. So it looks like it is going to be related to I guess the comment that you made about that 5% to 8% gap in revenue growth versus asset growth. But, if I look at the disclosure that you have between plan sizes, it looks to me like either all or vast majority of your growth in flows is coming from a thousand lives and in larger plans. If I just look at either playing grow or asset growth. Is that a fair characterization, I mean are you sure in terms of the business that's a thousand lives and smaller. Are you actually seeing net outflows overall. And can you talk a little bit about what the economic difference is, if revenue field for these large plans versus mid to small.
Tim Dunbar: Yes. We actually see good net cash flow in each of the market segments, but I'll have Renee speak specifically to your question Tom.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you for that question Tom. When we look at the mix of business that we have between the larger plan and the smaller plan, we're actually seeing good growth in both of these segments. And certainly the retention of clients in both of these segments remains very positive. In any one quarter, we will tend to see sales migrate just naturally, we'll see some volatility or some difference in the mix of the business that we sell. So, for example in first quarter if you look at that record $5.4 billion of sales, you'll see that it is not dominated by any single large plan at all. But there's a really nice mix of the midsize plan. And that will vary from quarter-to-quarter. With respect to your question around the vary variation in the revenues that we would collect. As you might imagine with smaller plans, we tend to not only pick up the record-keeping but oftentimes we pick up a share a larger share of the asset management as well. And with a larger plans they tend to steer more towards open architecture and our ability to win or capture assets is certainly favorable in that size market. But, it's going to be less than what you see in the smaller planned market. So, we feel very comfortable with the business mix and showed very comfortable with our approach and our and our ability to deliver growth in both small and in large plan and certainly our ability to retain that.
Dan Houston: The other thing worth noting, Tom, on the asset retention part it's fairly indiscriminate on the relative size of the employer. We have a really good shot at small medium and large individuals who are part of a plan and who are looking for advice and benefits. Whether it's a job changer or a retiree. Got you. and just a follow up on that, can you break out in terms of flows how much of your flows, if you can quantify of the, I think it's what $3.4 billion of cash flows would have been a thousand lives in larger versus the below that size if you're able to quantify that you know that's not something we're going to provide at this point. But, appreciate your comment. Thank you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator: The final question is Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. I just want to circle back on the well deal. So in RIS fee as you've spent a fair amount of money on digital over the past couple of years as you get to know the Wells block. Any color on -- are you getting anything that you didn't have or are there going to be some incremental expenses that you're going to have to incur to get digital on those plans. Certainly today would be helpful?
Dan Houston: Yes. Great, great question. And as you might expect, you get some of that during due diligence, but the real lift is starting as we speak to really fully understand some of the capabilities and what you might onboard to augment and it is our promise and commitment to take best in class on all fronts. With that Renee, want to add some additional color on specificity.
Renee Schaaf: Sure. When we think about the path forward and how we will integrate our businesses, we've really arrived at thinking about this in terms of four overarching principles. And the first principle is to keep the customer clearly at the center and to make sure that we minimize any disruption in service that we do everything we can to provide business as usual an excellent service to those clients. The second thing, as Dan mentioned, we have the ideal opportunity to take the best from both operations and team and to put this together into an extremely compelling offering to the marketplace. The next thing that we are very concerned about and we are paying a lot of attention to is talent. We are picking up a very experienced team from the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and trust business. And we want to make sure that we do everything we can to make their onboarding smooth as well. And then, last of all, we don't view this as just an integration of business. We view this as an opportunity to create unsurpassed value to the marketplace. This is our opportunity to move the needle. And so will approach this very thoughtfully, very carefully and you can expect to hear a lot more on this as the months ahead unfold.
Suneet Kamath: Got to make sense. And then my follow up is again on RIS fee. See if I look at your disclosures it looks like the percentage of assets that are non-proprietary is now slightly over a third of the mix and it's been the fastest growing piece. Based on your disclosures. So I guess is that performance, is that fee-related is it active to passive and where does that. I think it's about $33.5 today where does that do you think that goes over the next couple of years. Thanks.
Tim Dunbar: Yes. So, maybe quickly on that one, it has in part as Renee described earlier. A difference on the size of the plan sponsor and if you're skewing towards the larger end you're going to put downward pressure on the percentage of proprietary Asset Management. The percentage of small medium and large they've drifted slightly downward over the over the last few. But, again it's our objective to be customer centric, provide customers and advisors for what they are looking for, there are multiple sources of revenue growth for Principal in totality. And so we continue to manage that but we will continue it to be customer centered and how we present our investment offering. The fees are competitive, the performances is good and a little bit of an hiccup in Q4 period. But, as I look at the relative strength of the investment performance on the 1, 3 and 5 that still puts us on a formidable position to attract a lot of assets. The last thing I would say and you can't forget this. We still capture a lot of assets through DCIO, it's where we're putting our investment options on our competitors platform and again that's been a growth engine for the company as well. And those results are not shown in full service, but rather within PGI. So thank you for the question.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Dan Houston: Good. Thank you. And again, from our perspective good start to the year. We do have multiple parallel pass of growth that we're executing on as we speak and we've talked about this. One is around the digitizing of our business and it does have some cost, but that is starting to bear fruit and we're excited about what that's going to deliver. We also remain very enthusiastic about successfully onboarding the Wells Fargo Retirement Trust customers. And I emphasized both the retirement and the trust customers, it's a big part of their franchise as well as putting us in a favorable position with their advisors and their clients and executing on that. The third is around our operational excellence initiative, a big undertaking for us here as we continue to be as efficient as we can in aligning our resources with the needs of our customers. And then, lastly, as you would expect delivering outstanding customer service. And again, if you looked at all the growth initiatives for the first quarter there is a clear sign that there's a good value proposition for principal clients. And so with that thank you for taking the time today and look forward to seeing you on the road. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day May 3, 2019, 661-9999 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3460 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. I'll start by mentioning two changes in our fourth quarter financial supplement. In PGI AUM by boutique table on the top page 16. Effective October 1st, 2018 Morley Financial Services joined Principal Global Fixed Income to better align capabilities and resources. As a result, approximately $17 billion of AUM moved from the Morley Financial Services boutique to the Principal Global Fixed Income boutique. Additionally, during the fourth quarter we announced our exit from the actively managed currency market and closed the macro currency group boutique. With the closure PGI no longer manages $1.8 billion of assets related to the boutique. We've included two additional slides in the earnings call presentation this quarter. Slide 5 provides details of the fourth quarter significant variances and other macroeconomic impacts. Slide 14 provides some details of our high quality investment portfolio. Following the reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Tim Dunbar, Global Asset Management, Luis Valds, Principal International; and Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to the non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. As highlighted on 2019 outlook call, starting in 2019, we changed how we allocate certain expenses and net investment income among the business units. These changes were evaluated in conjunction with an enterprise wide global financial process improvement project. We plan to have a recast historical financial data including the fourth quarter financial supplement available on March 2019. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks John. And welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I characterize our performance for the year and share key accomplishments that position us for long-term growth. Then Deanna will provide additional detail on fourth quarter and full year financial results and an update on our capital deployment. Despite a challenging fourth quarter, we delivered record full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.6 billion and 8% increase over 2017. 2018 was year of strong execution of Principal overall. A year in which we continue to help customers achieve their financial goals. We continue to expand our distribution network and array of retirement, investment and protection solutions. We advanced our digital business strategies creating value for customers and helping us address fee pressures and our global asset management and US retirement businesses. We built additional momentum in key emerging markets with particular progress in Asia where we delivered record full year pretax operating earnings and reported net cash flow. We benefited from purpose full diversification by customer type and geography and by revenue source with our risk businesses providing stability and strong growth. We added 1.3 million net new customers in 2018 with our ISP and Principal International, each adding more than a 0.5 million for the year. And we continue to be good stewards of capital deploy $1.4 billion in 2018 while continuing to invest heavily in organic growth. I'll spend a few more minutes expanding on our success. I'll also address where we felt short and what we are doing about it. But first some context on the headwinds that dampened the fourth quarter and 2018 results. Clearly, the macroeconomic environment impacts our customers and our business. 2018 was certainly volatile. Starting with equity markets. The S&P 500 index was a negative territory in eight separate months in 2018. In addition to declining 14% in the fourth quarter. For the first time since 2008, it generated a negative total return the year. Additionally, December was the worst month of outflows in the history for the mutual fund industry. 2018 results are also reflects unfavorable foreign currency exchange, as well as lower than expected encaje performance and inflation in Latin America. Despite these headwinds, non-GAAP operating earnings were again $1.6 billion in 2018, up 8% from 2017. And comparing 2018 to 2017, and to our long-term growth target, it's important to understand the headwinds associated with unfavorable macroeconomic conditions. Over the course of 2018, AUM declined $42 billion, primarily due to unfavorable market performance and foreign currency exchange. Total company net cash flow was positive through nine months. Outflows in the fourth quarter drove results to a negative $2 billion for the full year. IRS and Principal International, however, delivered more than $11 billion of positive net cash flow for the year combined. IRS generated $6 billion of positive net cash flow. This reflects strong sales in our pension risk transfer and fixed annuity businesses in RIS-Spread and strong sales retention and reoccurring deposit at RIS-Fee. Principal International generated $5 billion of positive net cash flow. PI gain meaningful traction in Asia with reported net cash flow nearly tripling from 2017 to $3 billion. China also improved substantially with net inflows increasing 80% to $33 billion or 26% of beginning of year AUM. Additionally, at year end, our joint venture with China Construction Bank was the third largest mutual fund company in China. As reminder, China is not included and reported net cash flow. With net outflows of $5 billion in the fourth quarter PGI source net cash flow was a negative $15 billion for the full year. Recent headlines regarding the asset management industry have highlighted significant acceleration of active outflows in the fourth quarter. The industry and PGI continuously pressured from a number of factors including increasing demand for lower cost options, higher interest rates which have created headwinds for many yield oriented products and volatility in the capital markets, which is caused some institutional retail clients to invest in cash. While these pressures are considerable, we have a deep and broad expertise across asset classes and an asset allocation. We continue to adjust our products and approach to better meet client needs and are taking meaningful actions. We are continuing to expand our solutions set and make those solutions more accessible. In 2018, we launched more than 50 new investment options across our US and international investment platforms. This effort includes an intensified focus on expanding our suite of lower cost investment vehicles, refreshing and repricing a number of existing products, better meeting the needs of self directed investors through digital capabilities. And using data analytics and technology to advance our investment process and improve our alpha generating capabilities. We are also continuing to get our investment option added to third party distribution platforms, recommended list and model portfolios. And in 2018, we earned more than 120 total placements with over 50 different offerings on nearly 40 different platforms. We are continuing to add resources to better position PGI with our targeted channels and client segments. And we are focused on working closer with Principal International and its joint venture partners to achieve greater reach and capture additional market share. Before moving on, I want to address the decline of our investment performance from September the 30th. The driver can essentially be isolated to our international equity strategies which also impact our target date series. These strategies are invested in high quality earnings growth stocks where the fundamentals remain strong. However, they substantially underperformed in the fourth quarter. As we've experienced during similar period in the past, we've already seen a rebound in performance of the stock so far this year. Over the short term, this can create volatility in our performance. That said, five year performance remains strong and we continue to believe exposure to actively manage international equities is in the best long-term interest of our investors. Two other relevant points, for our Morningstar rated funds, 73% of the fund level AUM had a four or five star rating at year end. Clearly, positive engaging our ability to attract retain assets going forward. Additionally, our asset management franchise continues to receive important third party recognition. In 2018, Principal funds were ranked eight on Barron's list of Best Fund Families. Throughout the year we also received dozens of best fund awards in Asia, Europe, Latin America and the US. For more organization including Bloomberg, Morningstar, Thomson Reuters, Lipper. For the seventh consecutive year, we were recognized as one of pension investment best place to work in money management. Principal tied for the 14th fastest growing firm within the top 50 in the Willis Towers Watson research on the world's largest asset managers, which was released in the fourth quarter. Rankings were best on the compounded annual AUM growth from 2012 through 2017. With an 11% compounded annual growth rate over that period, we also moved up five spots to number 38. 2018 was also a year of continued strong performance in our US Insurance Solutions business. In particular, special benefits continued its pattern of strong growth and margins. As additional highlights for 2018, we continue to become easier to do business and continue to help customers improve with their financial well being through comprehensive education and innovative engagement tools. We intensified our focus on digital solutions in 2018 and made no worthy progress in the areas of customer experience, digital sales and advice and our global investment research platform in addition to driving business efficiency. As communicated on November Investor Day, we anticipate an IRR of at least 20% from our accelerated digital investments. With revenue and expense gains beginning to emerge in 2019 in line with our original expectations. We'll also continue to advance the cause of retirement readiness as advocates for best practice plan design. We remained engaged in and are pleased with the direction of pension reform discussions in Brazil, Chile, Malaysia, India, Hong Kong and China. Promoting fully funded systems that leverage the voluntary savings to address longevity risk. In 2018, we continue to deliver our core values with recognition from Ethisphere, as one of the world's most ethical companies. And recognition from Forbes the number six on their ranking of America's best employers for diversity and number one on their ranking of America's best employers for women. Despite revenue pressures, we remain committed to investing in our businesses. Rest assured, we also remain committed to aligning expense growth with revenue growth. We've identified opportunities to improve our cost structure in 2019, and we will continue to take appropriate expense actions throughout the year. Challenges remain but we operate from a position of strength. We are competitive in our markets. We've a diverse business mix. Our investment portfolio is high quality. Our capital position is strong. And we continue to capitalize on markets and demographics that present substantial growth potential for decades to come. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll discuss the key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full year. Capital deployments and our capital position at year end. And some details on our investment portfolio. Staring off, it's important to quantify the impacts of the volatile macroeconomic environment on our fourth quarter results. The S&P 500 index declined 14% during the quarter, the largest quarterly point to point decline since the third quarter of 2011. On a daily average basis, a better indicator of fee generation, the S&P declined 5% from third quarter 2018. Despite the fourth quarter decline, the S&P 500 daily average was favorable for the full year and increased 12% compared to 2017. This negative equity market performance during the fourth quarter, along with macroeconomic drives in Latin America pressures non-GAAP operating earnings in the fourth quarter by a total $68 million pretax or nearly $50 million after tax. As shown on Slide 5, more than half of the macroeconomic impact is included in this quarter significant variances. The remainder reflects the net impact from lower AUM and account value, resulting in lower revenue and pretax operating earnings in RIS -fee and PGI. Despite the unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in the fourth quarter, an ongoing industry pressure, I am pleased with full year results. Net income attributable to Principal was $237 million for the fourth quarter 2018 and $1.5 billion for the full year. Quarterly net realized capital losses of $80 million were driven by derivative losses and DAC amortization with minimal credit losses. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $316 million for fourth quarter, or $1.11 per diluted share. Excluding significant variances, fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings were $354 million, or $1.24 per diluted share. Reported full year 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings were a record $1.6 billion, an increase of 8% over 2017. Excluding the impacts of the annual actuarial assumption review, full year earnings increased 6% and earnings per diluted share increased 8% over 2017. This growth reflects strong execution, a diversified business mix, benefit from US tax reform and specific to EPS, an increased level of share repurchases. 2018 non-GAAP operating ROE, excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation was 13.8% at year-end, excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review. The full-year non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 18.3%, within our guided range of 18% to 21%. At 16.6%, the fourth quarter effective tax rate was below our guided range due to lower total company pretax operating earnings overall, including the segments with higher tax rates, Principal International and PGI. As communicated on our 2019 outlook call, we expect our 2019 effective tax rate to be between 16% to 20%. Turning to slide 5, we had four significant variances that negatively impact fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings by $54 million pretax or $38 million after tax. These were primarily macroeconomic related and impacts on a pretax basis include $15 million of higher DAC amortization and RIS-Fee due to the decline in the equity markets. As a reminder, DAC amortization is impacted by the point-to-point market change not the daily average. We expect DAC amortization to return to our normal range of $20 million to $25 million per quarter in 2019, assuming market returns are in line with our expectations. $17 million of lower than expected encaje performance in Principal International, $8 million impact from lower than expected inflation in Brazil, also in Principal International, a portion of this could reverse in first quarter 2019. And we also had $14 million of additional expenses, primarily severance related, with $9 million in PGI, $3 million in RIS-Fee and $2 million in Principal International. While not considered a significant variance, the bottom of slide 5 shows the net revenue and expense impact, the lower equity markets and resulting AUM and account values had on our quarterly pretax operating earnings in RIS-Fee and Principal Global Investors. In the fourth quarter, mortality was unfavorable in Individual Life, seasonally negative in RIS-Spread, but favorable for Specialty Benefits. On an annual basis, mortality and morbidity were in line with or better than our expectations across all our impacted businesses. Total company compensation and other expenses reflect higher seasonal expenses in the fourth quarter compared to the first three quarters of the year excluding significant variances. The increase that we experienced this quarter was in line with our expectations. Our accelerated digital investments remain on track and in line with the impact communicated at our recent Investor Day and the 2019 outlook call. While we remain committed to managing growth and expenses with revenue, it's critical that we also continue to execute on our digital investments to position us for long-term growth. Moving to business unit results. As shown on slide 7, RIS-Fee's pretax operating earnings were $110 million in the fourth quarter, excluding significant variances. Account values declined 10% from third quarter 2018 due to unfavorable equity markets. This negatively impacted quarterly pretax operating earnings by $13 million. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review, full year 2018 net revenue growth was flat and below our guided range of 2% to 5%. Pretax return on net revenue of 31% was within our guided range of 30% to 34%. In 2018, RIS-Fee continued to demonstrate strong underlying growth. Compared to full-year 2017, recurring deposits increased 9%, 401(k) participants with account value increased 7%, and we added nearly 1,300 net new plans. Turning to slide 8. RIS-Spread's fourth quarter pretax operating earnings were $79 million, an increase of 6%. Growth in the business was partially offset by higher non-deferrable sales-related expenses in the current quarter. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review, full-year net revenue growth of 2% was below our guided range of 5% to 10%, due to the timing of sales throughout the year and pricing discipline in our opportunistic investment-only business. Pretax return on net revenue of 64% was at the high end of the guided range. In 2018, account values grew 12% on strong sales of $7.4 billion. This includes $3.8 billion of fixed annuity sales, a 62% increase over 2017 and $2.7 billion of pension risk transfer sales. Moving to slide 9. Excluding significant variances, PGI pretax operating earnings were $110 million in fourth quarter. AUM declined 6% from third quarter 2018, primarily due to market performance. This resulted in a net negative $15 million impact to pretax operating earnings, as lower fees were partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. Excluding the impact from the accelerated performance fee in third quarter, operating revenue less pass-through commissions, increased 3%, slightly below our 2018 guided range. And PGI's margin ended the year at 35%, within our guided range. Turning to slide 10. Excluding significant variances, Principal International's fourth quarter pretax operating earnings were $80 million. As a reminder, beginning in fourth quarter, Brazil's DAC amortization expense is $5 million higher than prior quarters as a result of the 2018 annual assumption review. Compared to the prior year quarter, foreign currency negatively impacted pretax operating earnings by $9 million. We believe that fourth quarter's pretax operating earnings, excluding significant variances, is a good starting point to use to estimate PI's earnings in 2019. Relative to 2017, PI's full-year pretax operating earnings were negatively impacted by $112 million as a result of the annual assumption review, lower than expected encaje performance and inflation, as well as foreign currency headwinds. As a result, PI's full-year net revenue growth and margins were lower than our 2018 guided ranges. As shown on slide 11, Specialty Benefits' pretax operating earnings were $75 million in fourth quarter, an increase of 19%. This strong increase was driven by continued favorable claims experience and growth in the business. 2018 was another very strong year for Specialty Benefits. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review, pretax operating earnings were a record $283 million, an increase of 17% over 2017. Full-year premium and fees increased more than 7% within our 2018 guided range on strong retention sales and in-group growth. Excluding the impact of the annual assumption review, pretax return on premium and fees was 13%, an improvement of 100 basis points from last year. In 2018, Specialty Benefits had record sales of $387 million, up 12% over 2017. And we deepened relationships with our group benefits customers. Products per customer increased a strong 5% from 2017. Over the past five years, Specialty Benefits premium and fees have increased nearly 8% on a compounded annual basis. And the pretax margin increased 250 basis points over this time period. These results reflect our strong business fundamentals and our focus on our customers. Moving to slide 12. Individual Life's fourth quarter pretax operating earnings were $33 million, below our expectations, primarily due to unfavorable claims experience, which were volatile throughout the year. In 2018, Individual Life premium and fee growth of 2% was slightly lower than our guided range, primarily due to sales mix. Total Individual Life sales were strong for the year. Business market sales of $146 million increased 30% over 2017, and represented 63% of 2018 total sales. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review, Life's 2018 pretax margin was 16%, in the middle of our 2018 guided range. Corporate fourth quarter pretax operating losses of $55 million were in line with our expectations. For the full year, corporate losses were slightly below 2018 guidance, as expenses associated with our digital advice platform were more than offset by positive interest and penalty abatements related to prior year tax settlements. Looking ahead to 2019, I want to remind you that the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter for earnings due to seasonality of dental and vision claims in Specialty Benefits and elevated payroll taxes in PGI. Turning to capital. As shown on slide 13, fourth quarter capital deployment included $210 million of share repurchases $152 million of common stock dividends and $10 million of acquisitions. In 2018, we exceeded our guided range for capital deployment with $1.4 billion of deployments during the year, or 90% of net income. Our long-term objective is to deploy between 65% to 70% of net income per year, with variability in any given year. Full-year 2018 capital deployments included $650 million of share repurchases, a majority of which was opportunistic and reflective of our share price, $599 million of common stock dividends, and $140 million through strategic acquisitions, including expansion in Asia and a digital advice platform. As of the end of 2018, we had $425 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorizations. As always, we will continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. The full-year common stock dividend was $2.10 per share, a 12% increase over 2017. Last night, we announced a $0.54 dividend payable in first quarter 2019 and in line with our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. As shown by this quarter's volatility, pretax operating earnings in the fee businesses can fluctuate. We have deliberately balanced our operating leverage with other considerations through a conservative liability profile, a high-quality investment portfolio and strong levels of liquidity and capital. As John noted in his comments, we've added slide 14 to provide some color on our investment portfolio. We have a high-quality and diversified investment portfolio that is well matched with our liabilities. Over the past 10 years, we significantly upgraded the quality of both the fixed maturity and commercial mortgage loan portfolios. In addition, we are comfortable with the components of our alternative investment portfolio. Our capital and liquidity position remains very strong. We ended 2018 with over $1.1 billion of available capital at the holding company, an estimated risk-based capital ratio within our target range of 415% to 425%, post tax reform changes, a very strong result given the negative 45 percentage point impact from the tax reform change through the NAIC formula, and over $400 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. In addition, the $750 million of contingent funding arrangements that we added in 2018, along with a low leverage ratio and no debt maturities until 2022, provides us significant financial flexibility. While fourth quarter results were dampened by unfavorable markets, I'm pleased with our results for the full year, a better indicator of our performance and the fundamentals of the business. 2019 won't be without its challenges, but we are excited about the prospect a New Year brings.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
JimmyBhullar: Hi, good morning. I just had a question first on the asset management business and the driver of your weak flows. To what extent, do you think it's an industry phenomena that's hurting you as well versus maybe just company specific issues? And you mentioned fund performance improving in 1Q. Have you seen flows recovered in January as well?
DanHouston: Yes. Jim, this is Dan. Appreciate the question this morning, and we're fortunate to have Tim here to respond directly. I just would make this sort of macro observation. I couldn't be more enthusiastic about Tim Dunbar and Pat Halter's leadership within Principal Global Investors. There are a lot of good things going on. They're making a number of, what I would call tactical changes, shift tacking, if you will, to better align our resources to best meet the needs of the marketplace. But your observation about, do we think we are an outlier relative the industry? I'd say not. I think we're very much in lockstep with a lot of the industry challenges and frankly, I'm very confident in the team. So with that, Tim?
TimDunbar: Sure. And I agree with Dan completely. I think this is more of an industry phenomenon. So if you look at our sourced flows, we had about $4.9 billion in outflows and of that only about $800 million or so were related to institutional flows. The remainder $4.1 billion or so was related to our funds business. And again, there has been a lot written about what happened in the fourth quarter. Predominantly in December, we did see a lot of outflows out of our mutual funds. I think those was driven by a number of factors, largely investors sort of flee the market in any sort of risk-related assets and so really moved into more cash holding. Two, we did see a little additional movement from active to more passive investments. Obviously, we're more focused on the active side of the equation and so that would have hurt us a bit. And then the other thing that we did see is that a lot of our retail investors were moving out to really realize some tax losses in order to pay for some capital gains that they previously received. So, we do think that that's an industry phenomenon. And I would say, so far in 2019, we're optimistic that a lot of what happened in that fourth quarter, particularly in December has abated. One month does not a quarter make, but we do see some positive actions taking place. I would say retail investors are still a little cautious as they come back into the market. But we said in the past and I would reiterate that, as Dan said, we have a lot of confidence in some of the changes that we've made on the distribution side. We still have a really high-quality asset management franchise. Nothing is broken on the investment performance side of the equation. And we would see those flows turning around in the latter half of 2019.
JimmyBhullar: And then just to follow up on RIS-Fee. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of competitor behavior and just competition overall in the DC market, and whether you're confident in being able to achieve your 1% to 3% flow target for the year?
DanHouston: Yes. So -- and Nora, certainly in a position to respond to that. I would tell you, I'm actually pleased with the last year's results because we did come in within that 1% to 3%. I don't think that the competitive environment has changed dramatically. We've been dealing with this for the better part of half a decade. And again, scale and capabilities and things like TRS are the differentiators that put us in a favorable position. But Nora, you want to take that one head-on?
NoraEverett: Sure. Yes. To Dan's point, Jimmy, I'm really pleased with full-year net cash flow at almost $3 billion and that's built through strong transfer deposits. So if you look at that transfer deposit line of 26% quarter-over-quarter and then the strong reoccurring deposits that both Dan and Deanna have mentioned, looking just 4Q over 4Q, up 11%. So, a very, very powerful franchise with regard to that growth. We talk about net new plans, but as important is this participant growth and participants with account value. So when we look at participants, we measure those that were gaining with regard to bringing on an account value. And when we see that up almost 7%, trailing 12 months, all of those things are fundamentals that give our lead indicators with regard to 2019, in particular, strong retention. Oftentimes, when we talk about our model, we talk in terms of, one, the platform, the record-keeping service and our reputation in the market with regard to record-keeping and service. But two, equally important is our distribution footprint. And that still remains a significant competitive advantage whether we're working with the TPAs in the local market, whether we're working with an advisor in the large wirehouse firms, those relationships matter and really help us drive those transfer deposits and those sales. So, lots of confidence going into 2019 around the fundamentals and certainly would expect to remain a top-tier player in highly competitive, including looking at consolidation opportunities. We're in a nice position to take advantage of those folks that are subscale today, that are probably over the next 12 to 24 months going to move out of the business. So looking forward to 2019, for sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
ErikBass: Hi. Thank you. Dan, I was hoping you could expand on your comments on expenses. I mean, clearly, the revenue backdrop has become more challenging since you gave your outlook but markets can change quickly. So just wondering do you have any plans changed that reduce or delay any of your planned investments and make broader expense cuts at this point? Or will you wait and see how the environment develops?
DanHouston: Yes. I think, clearly, Erik, every leader out there competing in this marketplace today is happy to always be mindful and looking closely at expenses. And we're no exception. We'll be looking very closely at expenses. But I do want to may be correct one item before throwing it over to Deanna. And that is our planned investments around digital remain very much intact. We look at those as very much investments. We really like the optics of the internal rate of return that we hope to achieve by those and we are very much on track. So we will be disciplined about how we take out expenses, but understand that the need is there and we'll be very surgical about doing it. Deanna?
DeannaStrable: Yes, I think -- Erik, thank you for the question. I think if you look back over the past decade, we have a very proven ability to make expense adjustments, to mitigate any significant market adjustments. Most notably, we did that back in 2009. We did it again in 2016. And I think when you consider our severance actions both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter of this year; it clearly shows that we've already started the process to ensure our expenses are better aligned with the lower revenue base. Obviously, we did have a market decline in the fourth quarter. But in some of our businesses, we were seeing revenue pressure even before that, which really points to those actions that we have taken. We're going to continue, as Dan mentioned, to evaluate and manage all of our expenses as we proceed in 2018. We'll be prudent in doing that, but we ultimately do have the aim of aligning our expenses with our revenue without jeopardizing our ability to compete over the long term. And regarding severance, probably, we have some of that in every quarter. We'll only identify if it adds up to a significant driver for the quarter, obviously. So, I think, bottom line, we are focused on expenses. We are focused on investing for the long term, and we'll be prudent as we proceed through 2019.
ErikBass: Thank you. I appreciate the color. And I guess, at this point then, there's no reason to expect that you couldn't fall within your range for margins that you guided to across the different businesses, maybe a little bit at the lower end because of less favorable markets. But you think those ranges are still achievable at this point?
DeannaStrable: Yes. I think relative to margin ranges, we feel pretty good. Obviously, our outlook ranges did reflect market decline to, I think, the end of November. We've seen -- even if you take the positives that we've seen in January, we're down from there. And so I think it is important that you update your expectations for what we deliver here in fourth quarter. But I think I have much more confidence about our margin ranges. We have the ability to adjust expenses to align with that. When I think specifically about the revenue growth and specifically, those two businesses that have the most market sensitivity, RIS-Fee and PGI, for us to get to the daily average assumption, in our outlook call, it would take a 5.5% quarterly market appreciation from where we sit today to the end of the year, that's quite a bit above what our normal 1.5% market appreciation assumption. So the revenue ranges, obviously, too early in the year to adjust any of those. But more pressure on those than I would say on the margin ranges.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
RyanKrueger: Hi, thank. Good morning. I had a follow-up on expenses. Just when you give the 4% to 6% sensitivity to earnings from a 10% move in the equity market, I was just curious. Does that already incorporate any expense actions or would potential expense actions reduce the impact relative to that 4% to 6%?
DanHouston: Expense actions would be over and above what that range of 4% to 6% would be. And again, just for those others on the call, a 10% reduction on the first day of the year in the S&P 500 that endured and then started getting back on track for 2% per quarter, would negatively impact our earnings 4% to 6% of operating earnings on a full-year basis. Works both ways, right? But we do not embed within that range any sort of expense actions that we would take and clearly, we would be taking those actions.
RyanKrueger: Yes. On PGI, I guess, the management -- the rate has been pretty stable over the last few years. So I was just hoping if you can update on your thoughts going forward. I think you talked at Investor Day about maybe taking some modest fee reductions on certain products. But just curious about an update on how you're thinking about the fee rate.
DanHouston: Yes. Good question. Tim, please?
TimDunbar: Sure. Yes. We are looking at that always, Ryan, just to make sure that we are in line with market expectations. And I would say that we do continue to see some fee pressure. We are looking at that closely, and we'll take appropriate action as we need to. You might have seen that the basis points dropped a little bit this quarter. I would say that's really more related to the flows coming out of the mutual funds. Mutual funds tend to be at a higher fee rate than the institutional business. So we haven't seen a phenomenal move in terms of new mandates, one, and lower fee levels. But there certainly is some fee pressure out there. I don't want to mislead you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Nadel with UBS.
JohnNadel: Good morning, Dan. Question for you on slide 6, the investment performance slide. The bars are shown on an equal weighted basis. So I was wondering if you recast that on an asset weighted basis, what the performance would look like for the one, three and five. And how much it would have changed over the last three months from the September to December period?
DanHouston: Yes, good morning, John. Appreciate the question. Frankly, we have not done that calculation. I think if you look to the right on slide 6, you would see some math we did relative to the asset weighted, using again a very common standard in the industry, which is Morningstar to see what that looks like. But frankly, it's a good question. We'll go back and make that calculation but unfortunately, we're not sitting on that here today.
JohnNadel: Okay. I think that will be helpful. It sounds from your -- maybe I just want to make sure I got your commentary right in your prepared remarks that it's really more a function of international equity that drove the performance decline.
DanHouston: Yes. That's right. It's roughly four funds. But let me have Tim add some additional color.
TimDunbar: Yes. That's right. The international equity, we saw some disruption in the investment performance for fourth quarter. And as Dan had said, that's really in line with our investment process. So they're really focused on companies that have high-quality earnings growth. And as you know in fourth quarter with a risk-off environment, those stocks tend to under perform. And they did. What you usually see in a period after that when the market comes down a little bit is that those stocks will tend to rebound. We are seeing those stocks rebound as well so far in this quarter. So, behaving exactly as we would have anticipated. But Dan mentioned, as well as those funds are part of our ETF, part of our lifetime franchise, our life cycle franchise. And so those had an impact on our life cycle performance during the quarter. We would expect to see that start to rebound as well and have seen again that that rebound in similar periods. And so, I think we're sitting in a pretty good spot as we go forward from here.
JohnNadel: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then I did have one follow-up or a separate question on RIS-Fee. And -- we've seen that there's clearly a differential in the rate of growth of fee revenues relative to account value. So there's your gap that indicates fee rate pressure. I'm just wondering if you see any reason on the horizon that we should expect that that gap between the two should do anything other than continue to widen as we look over the next couple of years.
DanHouston: Yes. John, I think it's a really good question and believe me; we're highly sensitive to it. And that delta has existed forever. And it's obviously been slightly intensified the last few years. I think you really have to dissect it, though to understand what are the biggest contributors to it. Because again, we'd have the same number of participants, the asset size is still the same. But it may turn out that the biggest impact it has on revenue is the fact that the plan sponsor and the advisor shifted 30%, 40%, maybe 50% of the asset to a passive model, which obviously has a dramatic impact on the revenue. So those active strategies generate higher revenue. So with that, let me throw it over to Nora to add some additional details.
NoraEverett: Yes, John. To Dan's point, we've historically seen this five to eight roughly, give or take, a quarter. We would expect that to continue. The one caveat we talked about it, I talked about it on the last call is we do have this phenomenon of this roughly 2% drag for a period of time going forward. And it's counter revenue. It's not going to impact the bottom line. But as we talked about last time, it's a meaningful number, as more and more firms shift their business model from a commission model to a plan expense fee model. So, we expect to see -- to be at the higher end historically, because you've got that, up to roughly 1.5% to 2% drag on revenue growth. But remember, as we talked about, it will actually -- you will actually see the reduction on the commission expense line. So again, no impact to OE, but certainly, it's pressuring that historical range towards the upper end and a little over depending on the blocks that move from that commission chassis to a fee chassis.
DanHouston: John, hopefully that helps.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
HumphreyLee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just a follow-up question to Tim. Regarding his comment about the flows turning better towards the second half of 2019, I was wondering if he can elaborate some of the actions being taken by PGI account maybe. You elaborate a little bit in terms of distribution changes and also maybe on the product side what are you doing to help to drive that account flow towards positive, towards the second half?
DanHouston: Yes. It's a great question, Humphrey, and we appreciate that. No, one thing I'm reminded about is the demand for income-generating vehicles and retirement, the demand for growth, that hasn't waned one single bit. There's just huge demand for these kinds of products. Getting the right product at the right price through the right distribution is key, which is probably what gives us the most optimism about our franchise and our capabilities. But, Tim, you want to provide some additional details?
TimDunbar: Sure. And I think we've mentioned a lot of it from the past, Humphrey. But just some of the leadership changes that we've made, we think are very focused on really connecting with our clients and making sure we understand what their investment needs are and helping them provide solutions. Again we have a very diversified suite of investment products, that hasn't changed. And we have some good investment performance as it relates to that. So, Dan mentioned getting on a number of new platforms, I think that's helpful. I do think some of the investments, or some of the macro environment has changed a little bit. Again, yield assets are a bit more in favor then they were as we talked in third quarter. You've seen some of the interest rates pulled back a little bit, and there has been some muted commentary coming out of our Fed Chairman and others related to interest rate movements. So, as always, yield-oriented products are going to ebb and flow just a little bit with the macro environment that comes into play. I'd say as well, we're looking ahead and we're thinking about what are some other asset allocation types of products that we can offer like interval funds and some other innovative and creative ideas. And then, our suite of real assets and real returns have really performed well over this -- over really a long cycle and continue to be in favor as we look forward. And we are seeing a lot of client demand for those strategies.
HumphreyLee: This is helpful. And then maybe shifting gear to a question for Deanna. So obviously, buyback was very strong in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead like how should we think about your capital deployment given the weakness in the stock price? And then, additionally, is there any other kind of off-balance sheet investments that you could potentially monetize to take advantage of the current stock price?
DanHouston: Just real quick and a very high level, Humphrey. This focus on capital management is a very high priority. Our single and highest priority is always around organic growth. We want to make selective investments where we can build on scale and capabilities. We have achieved this net -- 40% of net income dividend ratio, which again is something we've been talking investors about for a long time and we feel very good about that. And we have roughly $425 million remaining on our stock repurchase. This is a frequent conversation with our Board. At every Board Meeting, it's a high priority. And Deanna can certainly provide you with some additional insights and color on the stock buyback.
DeannaStrable: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey. You're correct, obviously, our fourth quarter activity and our full-year buyback activity was at a very high level. In total, for the year, $650 million, which was triple what we did in 2017? But what I would say is it's very consistent with our strategy. So we've always said that buyback was primarily opportunistic, and it was really based on evaluation of our stock, our capital position and other deployment opportunities. So if you think of 2018, one, we came into the year with a very strong amount of excess capital. We also throughout the year had valuation, which was very, very attractive. And our M&A was, frankly, at a little bit lower pace than we had seen in prior years. And so, all three of those factors really then led to us doing that elevated amount. And so what I would say is going forward, we're going to follow that same strategy and the amount that we do will be based on all three of those factors. We do still have $425 million of authorization as we came into the quarter. But ultimately, we'll be disciplined and focused on making sure we're doing what's right for our shareholders. Relative to the off-balance sheet, there's nothing right now that we're considering that would free up capital to give us more. And ultimately, even though we'll continue to look for that, that's not really in our strategy for 2019.
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
JohnBarnidge: Thanks a lot. Wanted to ask question about the standout in the quarter, Specialty Benefits. There are clearly concerns about the economy right now, yet sales were strong across that segment. Can you kind of talk about maybe what you're seeing there as a driver and then, pricing and competitive landscape perspective?
DanHouston: Thanks, John. And Amy is really ready respond to your question. Dying to, it looks like
AmyFriedrich: Yes. Thanks, John. Thanks for the question. Yes, I think there is some concern. I guess what I would begin to isolate though is that's kind of hitting consumer sentiments first. So when we look back over the last, probably five years of small employer sentiment, even though it has declined a little bit the last few months, we're still at near-record highs. So when we look at larger employers, they still have a huge need for talent and they would say their top issue going on is they can't find the right talent. And so when they're looking at their employee benefits package, they're doing more talking about ancillary benefits than they've ever done before. So when I look at the correlation between a tight labor market and high ancillary, kind of Specialty Benefits sales rep, I see a direct correlation there. Now, some of that may continue to soften, as we look forward into the future in terms of, if sentiment changes a little bit. And I will tell you even though we're seeing all-time highs in terms of employment growth, in 2018, what we've modeled for 2019 pulls off of that just a little bit.
JohnBarnidge: Okay. And then what I would say is your commission rate as a percent of premiums did go up in 2018. Are you expecting that to maybe level off a little bit similar to what you were doing in 2016 and 2017 going forward? Or is that something that we should consider as a run rate?
AmyFriedrich: First point I would make is that we look at total expenses. So whenever you look at particular line, they can kind of move up and down, either over the full year or by quarter. I'm very comfortable with our total expenses. I do feel like commissions as a percent is one that because we're in the small market, that can look a little bit more elevated. But again, when I put it together with a combined ratio of the loss ratio that we have against those expenses, I'm very comfortable with those levels.
Operator: The next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
AlexScott: Hey. Thanks. First question I had was on the RIS-Spread business. I guess when I think about the margins there, I guess, you've got 64% in last 12 months, but I think there's some favorable NII in there, I think sort of fully normalized your significant variances that was closer to maybe 61%, 62%. And I'm just wondering how much of that is abnormal drag from expenses or maybe other items that have been weighing on that this year as opposed to just the re-segmentation? This should get you up to that 65% to 70% range. I'm just trying to think about bridging the gap and what the real earnings power should be for this business.
DanHouston: Yes, thanks, Alex, for that question. I'll have Nora respond. The one thing I'm reminded, when you framed it this way, whether it's 60% or 70%, those are really strong margins and a great way for us to deploy capital. Nora?
NoraEverett: Yes. So, Alex, maybe go at it -- I'll go at it a couple of different ways to try to be responsive. First of all in 4Q what you're seeing is seasonally higher expenses in 4Q that we've talked about. Also seasonally higher reserve negative. So we talked about seasonality with regard to our reserves in mortality first half versus second half. So certainly from a quarterly perspective and Deanna also mentioned the higher non-deferrable sales expenses so certainly from a quarterly perspective there were some pressure on margin. But if you look at that trailing 12-month margin and you look at the 64% what we're talking about there is a very diversified set of spread businesses. So think about product mix. So we are going to be highly disciplined around our IO business for example. So our IO sales were significantly down this year because of that discipline. On the flip side PRT as you know relative soft first quarter but very significant sale second half of the year and the pipeline that we're looking at coming into 2019 really robust. So you're going to see margin differences as product mix shift as well. But certainly when we said on that outlook call and talked about the margins that we're looking forward to in 2019 and to Deanna's point we have confidence role in those markets but it's not going to be a level quarter over quarter over quarter. It's a very diversified mix of business. That mix of business impacts margins as well. But if we take a 12-month look either back or forward it's a very, very healthy business and we're really pleased with both top line and with bottom line.
DeannaStrable: And just one more comment on that. The bridge to the 2019 higher margins in 2019 was more to do with the benefit that spread got from the recast and net investment income and expenses than it was a fundamental change in the margin producing of that business. So I think that will be evidence when we come out with our revised supplement in March but wanted to mention that as well.
AlexScott: Okay that's all very helpful. Second question I had is just a follow-up on the expense conversation. I guess could you give me a feel for some of the actions you took this quarter that resulted in the higher severance cost. Is there a step-down inside in sort of core rate of expenses going forward as a result of those actions? And can you help me quantify that may be and just may be 4Q seasonal expenses down to 1Q which I think still has some seasonal expense in it. When I think about these different pieces how would you expect expenses to kind of trend quarter-over-quarter and can help us some of those bigger moving pieces?
DanHouston: Yes. So I think Alex not trying to avoid and give a specific number but I think the best way to look at this is we clearly can see what the revenue run rates are looking like. We know the pressures on the business. An expense is something that we analyze constantly. And so when we step back and look at our 2019 expenses we know there have to be reductions and we have to be surgical about taking those out. We're not in a position today to state a dollar amount that we are targeting in 2019 except to say there will be ongoing consistent efforts on our part to become more efficient without mortgaging our future relative to our ability to attract and retain business. This is not the end of cost associated with reductions in force. There is going to be future cost associated with that. And as we continue to develop those plans we'll provide you as an investor with more additional colors and insight. Deanna you anything you'd like to add to that?
DeannaStrable: No I think that's good. And obviously the IR team can help you to I probably go back and really focus on that ratio of expenses to revenue and how that is easily throughout the year that might be another way to back into it as well.
Operator: The final question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi.
SuneetKamath: Thanks, good morning. Let me just start with the RIS-Fee business and the target date on the performance. Should we be expecting a shift in to the allocation of those funds because of the underperformance as we move through 2019?
DanHouston: I say at a very high level we have had such good investment performance for the one, three and the five and for the 10-year numbers on our target dates series whether it's a CAT or a registered product. That we have one sort of bad quarter here that was dramatic. I would remind you that in some of these instances the difference between the 25th and the 75th percentile is like 150 basis points. So I frankly personally don't see this as having a significant impact. But recognize there is pressure in the marketplace to look for other strategies around target date. And passive strategies around target dates are probably the bigger challenge than is the performance in the quarter, but let me look to Tim to provide some additional color.
TimDunbar: Sure. And one thing I'd point is the long-term investment which remains very strong. And these life cycle funds, I know you know this but they're really designed for someone to be in for 40 years or more. I mean it moves in conjunction with their lives as they move closer to retirement. So really aim to be in those in and out of cycles. And I think that actually that we work really well. A couple of other things I just mentioned in terms of the LifeTime Funds are that they really outperformed over long-term basis. So average rankings across all-time frames had really been on the top quartile for one, three and five years and we've been above median in all-time frames for about 80% of the time so these are consistent performing funds. And we do have some going forward as we said are confident that you will see some rebound in investment performance from here.
DanHouston: Suneet did you have a follow-up?
SuneetKamath: Yes I did just briefly on the underwriting results. I think you'd mentioned Individual Life RIS-Spread and Specialty Benefits with the first two segments I think being bad guys. Can just help us sort of quantify what the unfavorability and favorability in Specialty Benefits for the quarter?
DanHouston: Deanna you want to.
DeannaStrable: I think the underperformance in Individual Life is about $7 million in pretax earnings. I think the underwriting loss in RIS-Spread was a couple million for the quarter. I'd say in total Specialty Benefits mortality and morbidity was pretty in line with what we would expect in our first quarter. The life mortality may have been a little bit positive but I think I'd point you more to the total Specialty Benefits loss ratio which we feel was pretty in line. End of Q&A
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston your closing comments please?
DanHouston: When I reflect on this past year despite significant macroeconomic headwinds in 2018, frankly, it was record year for Principal in both earnings and the number of customers that have been attracted to the Principal. The underlying and the fundamentals of business are very much intact. We feel good about it. There are challenges in the industry, but there is no doubt my mind we have the management team in place to deal with these challenges to best serve the needs of both customers as well as our shareholders. In closing, I would like to recognize Nora Everett she's retiring at the end of March after 27 years. She has been very instrumental with our evolution as a company. She played a very important part 18 years ago as we IPO the organization. She played a very important part of the development and the creation of our mutual fund company and played an active role in acquiring WaMu which really launched us so that we're very thankful. And most recently your leader in retirement and income solution. So just want to say thank you Nora for everything you've done for the organization. I also want to welcome Renee Schaaf to step in her role as Divisional President. We're excited. It was very much a planned succession and look forward to introducing Renee to many of you out there in the investor community here in the course of the next quarter or two. So thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time until end of the day February 5 2019. 5384726 is end of the day February 5, 2019. 5384726 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404 537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's third quarter conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. With the annual actuarial assumption review this quarter, we've included 2 additional slides in the earnings call presentation. We've entered a comparison of third quarter operating earnings, excluding significant variances as well as the income statement line item impacts of the 2018 actuarial assumption review and other significant variances. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Luis Valds, Principal International; Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions. While this is certainly not Tim Dunbar's first call, we want to welcome him in his new role as President of Global Asset Management. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to the non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Before I turn the call over to Dan, I want to extend an invitation to our 2018 Investor Day on the afternoon of Thursday, November 15 in New York City. Our leadership team will highlight future opportunities across our businesses and provide a deeper dive into our accelerated investment and digital strategies. Additionally, our 2019 outlook call will be held on December 3. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome. This morning, I'll share performance highlights and key accomplishments in helping clients and customers achieve financial security and success. Then, Deanna will provide additional details on financial results, including our significant variances during the quarter and capital deployment. For the third quarter, we reported $481 million of non-GAAP operating earnings. Excluding the significant variances that Deanna will discuss, non-GAAP operating earnings were $422 million, a 1% increase compared to strong results in the year ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $1.6 billion increased 9% from a year ago, reflecting solid net revenue growth, including the accelerated performance fee in the current quarter, ongoing expense discipline and the benefit of U.S. tax reform. I'd like to highlight the outstanding performance of the U.S. Insurance Solutions. Strong sales and retention and continued discipline drove a double-digit increase in pretax operating earnings over the trailing 12-month period. Beyond these strong results, this segment has a critical role in advancing our small- to medium-sized business strategy and growing our franchise. Though recent growth overall has been muted by our accelerated investment in digital strategies and unfavorable foreign currency translation, our fundamentals and industry opportunities remain intact. While we're continuing to face increasing fee pressure, particularly in our asset management business in the U.S. retirement business, I'm confident we're taking appropriate steps to combat these pressures, to differentiate the marketplace and to position Principal to continue to deliver above-market growth over the long term. With $668 billion at quarter end, we've increased assets under management by $12 billion or 2% compared to a year ago. Excluding the previously announced realignment of a real estate investment team within Principal Global Investors and the effect of the exchange rates, AUM would be up $40 billion or 6% compared to a year ago. Total company net cash flow was modestly positive for the quarter and the trailing 12 months but down from the prior year periods. Retirement and Income Solutions generated $4.8 billion of positive net cash flow over the trailing 12 months. This reflects strong sales in our pension risk transfer and fixed annuity businesses and RIS-Spread and strong sales retention and reoccurring deposits within RIS-Fee. Despite a soft third quarter, Principal international generated nearly $7 billion of positive net cash flows on a trailing 12-month basis, a 10% increase over the year ago period. We've gained meaningful traction in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong with $2.7 billion and $1 billion of positive net cash flow, respectively, over the trailing 12 months. Combined, these operations have generated net cash flows of 14% of beginning AUM over the trailing 12 months. China also improved over the trailing 12 months with nearly $38 billion of positive net cash flow compared to $12 billion of net outflows in the year ago period. Keep in mind, China is not included in reported net cash flow. As discussed at our investor event in Tokyo last month, due to the ongoing U.S.-China trade tensions, we now anticipate a longer time line to receive approval to participate in the pension opportunity in China. The economic and political uncertainty in Brazil has had an impact on net cash flows as pension deposits across the industry have declined more than 40% through third quarter. While we expect pressure to continue after the first round of presidential elections on October 7, there was improvement in the Brazilian equity market and strengthening over the Brazilian real. The runoff election 2 days from now should provide further clarity and stability to the political situation. Over the long term, we remain optimistic about the Brazilian pension and savings market and we remain confident in our joint venture partner, Banco do Brasil and our ongoing ability to maintain our market-leading position. Principal Global Investors, however, remains under pressure. With PGI source net outflows of $3.7 billion in the third quarter, this was PGI's fourth consecutive quarter of negative net cash flow. The good news, this isn't an investment performance issue. For our Morningstar-rated funds, 80% of the fund-level AUM had a 4- or 5-star rating as of September 30. And as shown on Slide 5, 74%, 68% and 89% of Principal's mutual funds, separate accounts and collective investment trust were above median for the 1-, 3- and 5-year performance periods, respectively. Withdrawals as a percentage of beginning of period AUM have remained consistent with our historical averages and are comparable to industry results. The main issue has been deposits, both institutional and retail, and several factors have created some headwinds. First, demand for lower-cost investment options has continued to become more pronounced. According to Morningstar, there were nearly $400 billion of positive net cash flow for funds and the lowest fee quintile in 2017. Outflows for all other funds have increased fourfold from 2014 to over $400 billion in 2017. Second, higher interest rates have created headwinds for some of our yield-oriented products. While these continue to perform well, they've garnered less interest. Higher interest rates have also created headwinds for Japanese and European clients with currency hedging cost rising to 250 to 300 basis points. Lastly, the higher interest rate environment has also led to increased volatility and uncertainty in the equity markets. As the macro environment continues to transition, we're seeing institutional retail clients investing in cash as they wait for some of the volatility to subside. While there are clearly several contributing issues, we haven't achieved enough sales to offset withdrawals, and we haven't pivoted quickly enough to investments that resonate in a rising interest rate environment. While the context is important, what's more important is what we're doing to turn things around. As announced last month, Tim Dunbar was promoted to President of Global Asset Management. This role encompasses oversight of all Principal's asset management capabilities, including Principal Global Investors, Principal International investment operations as allowed by regulation, the general account and RobustWealth, our recent digital investment advice acquisition. We've also promoted Pat Halter from Chief Operating Officer of PGI to President and CEO of this segment. The new structure is designed to further integrate asset management capabilities across the enterprise, expand our investment solutions and make those solutions more accessible to clients around the world, with the ability to better serve retirement, individual and institutional investors. We've also made key changes to leadership within PGI distribution to create a more focused approach to serving clients around the world, better position us by distribution, channel and client type and work closely with Principal International and its joint venture partners to achieve greater reach and market share. In addition, we continued to intensify our focus on expanding our suite of lower-cost investment vehicles, including ETFs and CITs, and getting them placed on key third-party distribution platforms. At the same time, we remain committed to enhancing our active investment capabilities to help institutional and retail clients diversify, build wealth, generate income, protect against downside risk and address inflation. We're doing this, for example, through private real estate in Europe, LDI solutions and asset allocation models as well as refreshing a number of existing products. Additionally, we're increasing our focus on data analytics and technology to advance our investment process and improve our alpha-generating capabilities. We're also realigning certain boutiques to create greater scale and efficiency. Under Tim and Pat's leadership, we're a taking a fresh look at everything to ensure we're appropriately addressing changes in client preferences and executing with a high sense of urgency. As I'll share in some detail at our upcoming Investor Day, the global asset management opportunity remains exceptional. I'm extremely optimistic about our ability to make the necessary changes to further capitalize on it. That said, we've got a lot of work to do here, and we won't see results overnight. I'll now share some key execution highlights, starting with our investment platform. In the third quarter, we launched a dozen new funds in Latin America and Asia. Through 9 months, we've launched more than 40 new investment options across our U.S. and international platforms, responding to increasing demand for multi-asset and income-oriented solutions. I'll also share a couple of new launches for RIS and USIS. Our new Principal Milestones programs helps retirement plan participants access comprehensive financial education resources. In addition to investment and benefits planning, our new platform helps employees improve financial literacy, minimize financial stress and reach personal goals through an in-depth online assessment. As an aside, I attended our institutional client conference 2 weeks ago and spoke directly with many of our largest U.S. retirement clients. They were excited about the ongoing advancements in our education resources and digital capabilities and pleased with our value proposition overall, including our retirement investment platform, Total Retirement Suite, My Virtual Coach enrollment platform and use of best practice plan design. Within USIS, we've expanded our consumer engagement platform, My Principal Lifestyle. The program is focused on health and financial wellness through a mobile app that rewards insurance customers for setting and reaching physical and financial goals. In addition to encouraging healthy behaviors and providing value in people's daily lives, we're also strengthening our customer relationships. Moving to distribution. We continue to get our investment options added to third-party platforms' recommended list and model portfolios with over 40 new placements during the third quarter. Over the trailing 12 months, we've earned nearly 100 total placements over 40 different offerings on more than 30 different platforms. We continue to have success across asset classes and we're gaining meaningful traction with our ETFs and CIT options. Ant Financial continues to stand out as an exceptional growth platform for CCB-Principal Asset Management, our joint venture with China Construction Bank. In a single quarter, we increased both the number of our clients and AUM by more than 20%, reaching $3.7 million investors and $7.7 billion of AUM as of the quarter end. While revenues and earnings from the platform is currently modest, I'm confident it will continue to grow and continue to provide our joint venture exposure to millions of users. In closing, I'd like to highlight 4 points: continued strong execution of our customer-focused, solutions-oriented strategy and an appropriate balance between investments in growth and expense discipline, the effect of our shareholder capital as well as meaningful advancement of our brand. We have our challenges, but we also go forward from a position of strength and with a willingness to drive change throughout the organization to position Principal for long-term success. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thanks for participating on our call. Today, I'll discuss our third quarter financial results and provide an update on capital deployment. Net income attributable to Principal was $456 million for third quarter 2018, including net realized capital losses of $25 million with immaterial credit losses. Reported non-GAAP operating earnings were $481 million in third quarter or $1.67 per diluted share, an increase of 29% and 30%, respectively, over the prior year quarter. Year-over-year earnings growth benefited from record earnings in PGI, driven by the accelerated real estate performance fee, strong underlying business fundamentals and a favorable equity market. These benefits were partially offset by volatile foreign currency exchange rates and our accelerated investment in digital strategies. As shown on Slide 6, we had 3 significant variances during third quarter that had a $65 million net positive impact to reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings. The significant variances included a negative $44 million impact as a result of the annual assumption review, primarily in Brazil; an $86 million benefit in PGI that includes the accelerated real estate performance fee, which is partially offset by elevated expenses and a $23 million benefit from higher-than-expected variable investment income. As a reminder, in the year ago quarter, the assumption review was the only significant variance, and it negatively impacted reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings by $66 million. The most significant drivers of this year's assumption review were due to experience/assumption changes and model refinement, including experience adjustments in Brasilprev, primarily reflecting lower expected recurring deposits and fees as well as an update to our premium payment assumptions in Individual Life, and model refinements in Brasilprev and variable annuities in RIS-Fee. These items were partially offset by higher U.S. interest rates relative to what was assumed a year ago. The assumption review negatively impacted total company non-GAAP operating earnings by $22 million after tax and positively impacted net income by $32 million. The positive net income impact was driven by a net realized capital gain from the variable annuity model refinement. Additionally, the assumption review had an immaterial impact on statutory results. Looking forward, we expect the assumption review will negatively impact Principal International's pretax operating earnings by $5 million per quarter for the next several quarters with the diminishing impact thereafter. The run rate impacts for the other businesses are negligible. During the quarter, we agreed to a realignment of a real estate investment team in PGI, resulting in an accelerated performance fee with a net $101 million benefit to pretax operating earnings. The team created an effective investment strategy and executed on behalf of the client for over 20 years. In addition to the earnings impact, $9 billion of AUM transferred with the team. This transaction is not expected to have a material impact on management fees and pretax operating earnings going forward. $15 million of elevated expenses in PGI partially offset this performance fee in large part due to employee-related costs from several strategic staffing changes during the quarter. $23 million of higher-than-expected variable investment income was driven by real estate sales and higher income from alternative investments, partially offset by lower prepayment fees. As shown on Slide 6. Excluding significant variances in both periods, total company non-GAAP operating earnings increased 1% or 4% per diluted share over strong earnings in the year ago quarter. ROE, excluding AOCI, other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 14.3% on a reported basis for the third quarter. Excluding the impact from the assumption reviews, ROE was 14.5%. The non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate, excluding significant variances, was 20.1% for the third quarter. Despite volatility on a quarterly basis, we continue to expect the full year to be within our previously guided range of 18% to 21%. Macroeconomics were volatile during the quarter. Favorable U.S. equity market performance had a positive impact on our U.S. fee-based businesses. The S&P 500 daily average increased more than 5% during the quarter, relative to our assumed 2% total return per quarter. A weakening of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar, primarily in Brazil, Chile and China, negatively impacted Principal International's pretax operating earnings by about $6 million compared to second quarter 2018 and $10 million relative to third quarter of 2017. Actual encaje performance was in line with our expectations. Mortality and morbidity were within our expectations and provided a slight benefit to both Individual Life and Specialty Benefits. In RIS-Spread, we did experience a mortality loss, as is typical in the third quarter, but a slight improvement from third quarter 2017. Moving to segment results. The fundamentals of our businesses remained strong. In our U.S. segment, our small- to medium-sized business target market remains healthy. In RIS-Fee, deposits were up more than $3 billion over the trailing 12 months with 13% growth in transfer deposits and 7% growth in recurring deposits. And we've added more than 1,100 net new Defined Contribution plans and nearly 200,000 Defined Contribution participants with account values from a year ago. RIS-Spread sales increased nearly 40% from the prior year quarter, including $1.2 billion of pension risk transfer sales and $1 billion of fixed annuity sales. Heading into the fourth quarter, the RIS-Spread pipeline remains strong. Specialty Benefits sales increased 9% due to strong sales in our core SMB market. On a trailing 12-month basis, in-group growth or life covered in existing cases increased a record 2% with even stronger growth in our small case target market. Individual Life sales increased 13% on strong business market sales. In addition to providing earnings diversification and with strategic importance of these businesses overall, in third quarter alone, our affiliated businesses generated $2 billion of positive net cash flow for PGI through the general account. In my following comments on business unit results for the quarter, I'll exclude the significant variances we've called out in both periods. Slide 6 provides a comparison of business unit pretax operating earnings, excluding significant variances for third quarter 2018 and the prior year quarter. Pretax operating earnings for RIS-Fee, PGI, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life were all in line with or exceeded our expectations for third quarter. Principal International's pretax operating earnings were also in line, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. RIS-Spread's pretax operating earnings of $83 million reflects slight mortality losses, typical in the third quarter, as well as higher non-deferrable sales-related expenses. Corporate pretax operating losses of $32 million were lower than our expected run rate due to a positive outcome from negotiations with the IRS on prior years' income taxes. As a result, for the full year, we expect corporate losses to be slightly favorable compared to our guidance of $190 million to $210 million. It's important to note that on an after-tax basis, corporate losses were in line with our expectations as income taxes offset the pretax benefit. Moving to capital deployment on Slide 14. We deployed $216 million of capital during the third quarter, including $151 million in common stock dividends and $65 million in share repurchases. This brings our year-to-date capital deployment to just over $1 billion. We expect full year deployments will be at the high end of our $900 million to $1.3 billion range. Last night, we announced a $0.54 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, the 11th consecutive increase in our dividends. This is a $0.01 increase from the third quarter 2018 dividend and a 10% increase from the prior year period. This translates into a dividend yield of approximately 4%. We continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio, and going forward, our dividend will be more aligned with net income. As highlighted on previous calls, M&A is an important part of our balanced capital deployment strategy and the pipeline remains active. Integration of our recent acquisitions is progressing well. The Mexico Afore transaction, Principal Real Estate Europe and our joint venture in Southeast Asia all contributed positively to results during the quarter. Our accelerated digital investments remain on track and in line with the impact communicated at last year's outlook call. Excluding the impacts of the accelerated real estate performance fee in PGI, growth in total company operating expenses is in line with our expectations. Looking ahead to fourth quarter, I want to remind you that our fourth quarter operating expenses are typically higher than other quarters as we usually see more branding expenses, benefit costs and variable sales expenses. Our estimated risk-based capital ratio remains above 450%, well above our target range of 415% to 425%. This puts us in a very strong position to absorb the NAIC's change to the risk-based capital formula to reflect tax reform. We continue to estimate a negative 40 to 50 percentage point impact to our ratio from this change. Our capital and liquidity position remains very strong. We ended the third quarter with over $1 billion at the holding company, $500 million of capital in excess of a 420% RBC ratio and over $450 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. In addition, a low leverage ratio and no debt maturities until 2022 provides a significant financial flexibility. We hope you can join us at our Investor Day in New York on November 15 and on our 2019 outlook call on December 3. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: The fee rate was the highest level pro forma for the performance fee since 4Q '16. Clearly, the assets coming in are higher fee-generating than the assets leaving. Can you talk about what those higher fee-generating products are and what you can do to grow that?
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the question, and we'll throw that right over to Tim Dunbar to respond to.
Timothy Dunbar: Yes. I think what you're looking at is that our basis points for AUM is really up on the quarter, and I think that's a factor of 2 things. One is what we talked about before is that we're seeing our clients interested in our really higher-value products, our yield-oriented products and that continues to be the case. But I think another important impact is that the PE fee, performance fee and the $9.2 billion of assets under management that went out the door were actually very low management fees. Most of the value of that arrangement came from performance fees that was over 20-year relationships. Those performance fees were paid out every 10 years. And so you'll see a very large performance fee based on what the team was able to accomplish over that last 10 years and period of time. So probably want to take credit for the good work that the team did. The assets going out the door really have a low fee, and that's a large part of what brought those basis points up.
John Barnidge: And then a follow-up. On flows and PGI, it seems that's definitely more of a deposit than a withdrawal issue. The withdrawal rate is actually down from last year, which tells me it's about finding the next product that's really in demand. Do you have thoughts around that? And maybe can you talk about your ESG product offering, interest in M&A to drive that and then maybe more rational multiples given where asset management multiples have fallen in the public market this year?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Good question, John. Let me just maybe make a couple of quick comments. I was just fortunate enough to be with our sales organization, along with Pat and Tim, in Miami earlier this week, having this exact same conversation. They are eager to engage with management about these opportunities, and Tim will get into that in more detail. But I did want to make a comment as it related specifically to ESG. That's not new to Principal. We've been around this topic all way back to the early '90s. As a matter of fact, it was my first assignments from Ron Keller when joining the investment committee. We understand the importance of that. There's certainly been a lot of momentum that's been gaining in the last five years, and we've been participating in that. Obviously, Europe is probably a good five years ahead of where we're at here in the U.S. I think our culture here at Principal aligns well with it, and we are frankly, we think, in a very good position, both -- and I'll ask Tim to add some additional detail. Tim?
Timothy Dunbar: Okay. So I'll try to take your questions as you asked them. So John, one of the things that we're seeing in the macro environment is this move toward higher interest rates, and Dan mentioned that a little bit in his remarks. And so I'm not going into a lot of detail there. But also what we're seeing is a lot of geopolitical uncertainty. And those 2 issues together are creating quite a lot of volatility in the marketplace today. And so that's having an impact on our flows in a couple of different ways and I think really on the market. One of the things that we're seeing is that a lot of our clients and a lot of investors are actually sitting on the sideline today. So they're sitting in cash and waiting for a better time to enter in the market. A lot has been said about equity prices being particularly high. Hopefully, this pullback means that it's a better entry point for some of those who we start to see some of that move. We do have a really robust pipeline of mandates. But then when we have about $5.5 billion of mandates that are sitting in that bucket, and they are taking longer to fund as we work through the issues and I think they see the volatility in the market, they're not quite as eager to put their money to work. The other thing I'd say is that, and we've seen this in a PEC situation but a couple of other real estate clients, as there's more volatility in the marketplace, they see very robust pricing in private equity commercial real estate. And so a few of those players are taking some of the chips off the table. And really, we think that's the right thing to do for clients. So those are all -- some of the things that have impacted our flows today and some of the things that we think will turn around. In terms of products, we actually have a broad suite of well-diversified products, and we have a lot of products that do work in today's environment. I think what Dan had said is actually quite correct. We need to make sure that the PGI organization moves quicker to pivot to those products when macro environment changes occur, and we're working with them to do that. So just to go through a few things that we've done so far, and you've seen some of this, October 2, we announced the realignment of the distribution organization. So Tim Hill will be leading U.S. -- all of U.S. distribution for us. Kirk West will be leading all non-U.S. distribution. And while I'm not going to go into their resumes, those are 2 very seasoned investment professionals. We have all the confidence in the world that they will have the focus and they will have the support they need to make sure that we turn this net cash flow situation around. Another thing you probably don't know is that we've made a couple of key hires to improve our talent, both on the marketing side and the institutional distribution side of things. We've also realigned our global client service team. All of that to make sure that we're communicating well with clients, that we're building the relationships we need to, that we're understanding really what their needs and what their investment -- what investment options resonate with them. So in our product development efforts, we are building the products that they desire and that obviously meet their needs. That's our #1 focus as we move forward. I'm going to go on and talk just about a couple of other things we've done just to give you a sense for some of the things we accomplished in the first, what, 5 weeks that Pat and I have been at the helm. We've also taken a broad look at our investment capabilities. And what we deduced is that we have an incredibly talented group of investment professionals that offer diverse set of products, and they're actually producing some excellent investment results. And Dan talked about that as well in his comments. Of course, there's always -- there are always areas where we can improve and some of our digital investments really goes to that. So our official intelligence, really making sure that we are simulating the data appropriately and disseminating that to our investment boutiques. As we look through that and we look where we're headed, we've taken the opportunity to realign talent in some of our boutiques, fixed income, Principal portfolio strategies and real estate, just to name a few, and we've also looked at the capabilities that we're offering. And we've made the decision to close down our active macro currency space. We just don't see the need for that with our clients going forward and that, that particular capability is resonating with them. So in fourth quarter, you're going to see about $1.8 billion show up on our operation dispose line, but I want to stress that, that will be OE neutral. That won't have a negative impact on our operating earnings. I will mention, we did retain our passive currency capabilities and we do see a lot of client interest in that. So as you can see, we've taken a lot of actions to really focus the organization. And your last question, I'm going to try to cover here quickly, is ESG. First of all, we have scored A+, which is the highest score for the UN Principles for Responsible Investing. And in ESG, as Dan said, we've been at this for quite some time. We really approached this from three perspectives. The first is to create actual funds that are ESG focused, and we've done an excellent job of that in the real estate area. We've developed two, what we call green real estate funds that have been very successful, both -- and then funds that have had very good returns and very good client response. And we also have 10 funds with very high Morningstar suitability ratings, and those resonates very well with clients. The second approach is really negative screening mandates. So think of these as socially responsible investing mandates where we screen out the issues that are particular to that investment client. And we have about $12.5 billion of assets under management in those efforts. And then really, the last is to integrate ESG issues into our investment process. And really, we've done that throughout most of our boutiques. All of them understand that companies that have good ESG ratings are likely to outperform, and that's definitely part of our security selection. So hopefully, I covered your points and those help answer the questions.
Daniel Houston: John, did you want some additional detail?
Operator: The next question comes from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Just to follow up on PGI a little more. So obviously, the past couple of quarters, there are some -- the overhang on some of the kind of foreign currency -- I mean, foreign institution investors kind of taking money off the table because of higher hedging costs. But I think more recently, there are some of the institutional investors that have been using that strategy, have talked about willing to go unhedged on some of the kind of U.S. bond investments. I was just wondering if Tim have seen anything kind of when talking to clients or a change of appetite despite the higher hedging cost for some of these products?
Daniel Houston: Yes, Humphrey. Thanks for the question. Ironically enough, Tim and I were just traveling together within the last 3 weeks in Japan, visiting with some of our largest clients and some of our largest investors, as you know, and we had our investor conference there. But Tim, you had an opportunity to sit down directly with some of our largest clients and speak specifically to this issue. Do you want to provide some insights there?
Timothy Dunbar: Sure, Humphrey. I think the answer to your question is it really depends on the clients and it depends on what they're investing for. I would tell you that we talked about a large mandate that we had for an investment grade of about $3 billion, that is still outstanding and I would say, is still at risk. What we've seen in that situation is that the hedging costs have gone up to -- from 250 basis points to almost 300 basis points. And so if you were an asset liability manager client, you probably don't want to go unhedged and that cost becomes very real and very dear to them for especially an investment-grade mandate. But it does depend on the client and it depends on the risks that they're willing to take. So one of the things, I would say, in meeting with that particular client, we have an excellent relationship with them. We are trying to understand exactly how we can help them more, and we actually have sold other mandates to them, which resonate very well, are more yield oriented and are meeting their needs appropriately. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Humphrey Lee: That's helpful. And then maybe shifting gears a little bit to Principal International. In your prepared remarks, you've talked about some of the headwinds you're seeing in Brazil. But like I was just wondering if you can kind of broadly talk about the rest of the countries that you have exposure to. Like what are you seeing from a macro perspective? And how do you think about the potential impact to your operations there?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey. You know what, I reflect on that portfolio of businesses around the world. It's just interesting to me to see how uncorrelated they can be because as you know, we're enjoying a lot of success in Southeast Asia, generating very positive earnings and very nice cash flows. And then we can get them over to Latin America and see the pressure on our Brazilian operations. No one's better positioned to talk about Brazil than these other operations. And Luis felt this, so I'll ask him to provide some additional color.
Luis Valds: Okay. Thanks, Humphrey. Good question. We continue, as I said, in the last -- in our last earnings call, we continue -- very positive about Brazil, particularly now. I mean, from a macro perspective, what I said to you is that Brazil, from a macro perspective, is fixable. The problem that Brazil has is not like other sort of emerging countries. They do have a fiscal problem, which is fixable. Particularly, we are going to see what is going to happen with the elections that are coming this weekend. But we are under a cyclical rebound -- possible rebound now in Brazil. Probably, we're going to see some good news about growth quarter-over-quarter. Probably, we're going to see quarter-over-quarter about 1%, which is not that big but is a pretty interesting rebound and year-over-year, probably over 2% job creation. That's been positive in the last quarter for Brazil. And again, if you're looking at their external accounts, very positive; their reserve, very positive. And if you're looking at their -- as I'm saying, their external position is also very positive. So we think that it's fixable. We are confident that whoever is going to be the next president in the next administration, they're going to do a good work in order to stabilize, elevate their fiscal deficit. And the only thing that -- or the major thing that they have to do in order to stabilize their macro is to go through a very sort of patient reform that's going to certainly benefit to companies like us and Brasilprev that were -- are long-term savings providers and certainly, pension providers in that country. So that's our particular view. It's been very difficult years for Brazil, probably the most difficult years from a macroeconomic standpoint of view and political point of view in many, many decades. But having said that, if you could see in the trailing 12 months, our franchise has been able to put $3.1 billion in positive net customer cash flows. So it's a very commendable 5% DOP over AUMs, and we certainly will remain very confident. So that's my answer. And again, we continue very positive about the macroeconomics and demographics and the never-ending need to save more for -- to really secure their financial security. So those are my views about Brazil, Humphrey.
Daniel Houston: I think Humphrey is maybe looking for a little more color, Luis, in some of the other countries as well. So maybe a couple of comments on some of the big ones quickly, something perhaps around Chile and some of what's happening in Asia quickly.
Luis Valds: Okay, Humphrey. Let me go with agile comments about our countries in Lat Am, particularly Chile. Chile has had a very interesting positive and very important positive -- and swing in terms of its execution. You could see in your supplement, and if you're looking, the net customer cash flow trailing 12 months, it's a $1.7 billion positive swing in net customer cash flows. And I will say that Chile is doing extremely much better. They have more sales. They're gaining more clients. They're investing in new technologies. They're investing in new CRMs. They're putting more money in digital. They're connecting better with their clients. You could see, even if you're going into your supplement, if you're going to Page 22, you will see that their revenue stream is a positive story. So they do have a positive story in their revenue stream, about 5% adjusted. But it seems to me that they're -- that is a very good story. You have to remember that Chile is a very interesting platform with de-accumulation, accumulation and payout products. So when you're looking -- the total net customer cash flows, the aggregation of all those business together and what we have been able to see, it is that swing dimension to you first, $1.7 billion, but also because probably, the overhang of a low cycle -- probably, we have been able to see more payout solutions. So more money going into outcome solutions for our clients, but essentially, that's what we have been able to see. We have positive flows in terms of customers during this year. And I have said to you also, we have positive flows in terms of AUMs. That's my view about Chile. Asia, while Asia is a totally different story, very positive story for this year. You heard about our net customer cash flows in China, $4 billion and -- for the last quarter for Mainland China, and $1 billion trailing 12 months for Hong Kong and very positive net customer cash flows for Southeast Asia. So this is a franchise and this is a very interesting portfolio, which is working extremely well, very well diversified, and we're very pleased about how these different countries and different assets are working in our favor.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Luis, and thank you for the question, Humphrey.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: Just a quick question on, if we step back for a minute, the asset management business. So from what I've heard, it's a bit of you guys benefited from the low rate environment for a while. And now that we're moving into a different macro environment, you feel like you need to reposition things. Can you talk a bit about how you're thinking about restructuring and the -- how long you think the transition takes to kind of reposition yourself in terms of PGI?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Tom, for the question. I suspect it's not as much about restructuring as refocusing and pivoting within a lot of the strategies, starting with our sales organizations and working closely with our portfolio managers and our strategists. But Tim, do you want to take that one?
Timothy Dunbar: Sure. You're right. I mean, we had seen a lot of sales coming from several specific products, not all from yield oriented, but preferred securities, global diversified income. We're in certainly two of those. And I think actually yield is not dead. And while it's taking a pause, as interest rates move higher, I think we have a lot of clients that are still interested in yield, and the desire and the demand for those products will come back. Having said that, in an environment where interest rates are increasing, even though there's volatility, that's usually a sign of a robust economy. And generally, I'd say that's supporting for -- supportive for earnings of companies and stocks. And so equity markets are a place that we'd say a lot of folks want to be. We have some very good equity products, mid-cap, small-cap, blue chip is very good, income-oriented products that we think resonate really well. I'd also say that we have a good suite of short-duration fixed income products. So as you're thinking about the volatility with interest rates moving up, short-duration fixed income is an obvious place that you might want to go. Absolute re-term products have been increasing in interest. We have Finisterre emerging market long-short group that's developed some nice products there and have some good performance. And that's another space that we think we can make progress in and actually have been making good progress in. And then we -- the one thing that I think we are really strong at, I know really we're strong at is when we think about our Principal portfolio of strategies. So a diversified group of asset allocation products that can resonate for 401(k) platforms and resonate actually with our Principal International operations around the world. And those are things that we're continuing to develop and build out and get out the door.
Thomas Gallagher: That does, yes. And then just one other question on asset management. I know -- my understanding is when certain -- in certain instances, when senior people within asset management organizations leave, there's going to be certain amount of customers that may have to reevaluate due -- further due diligence on that relationship. Is -- given Jim's departure, is there any way to think about whether there will be that kind of impact on PGI?
Daniel Houston: Yes. So thanks for the question. The first thing I want to say is thanks to Jim for his many years of contributions here at the Principal. He just did an extraordinary job for the organization. We're fortunate that he was here. Secondly, we have been out to visit the consulting firms, our largest clients, our distribution partners. And frankly, it did not raise the status of a need to do a search or to pause or to do anything differently than what they're doing. That's certainly, what you had described, Tom, very true when it gets down to portfolio managers and senior analysts. And as you very well know that our -- even our economics committee, which is made up of roughly a dozen professionals around the organization, Jim was one of those dozens, and we don't have a system or a star manager or a one-view top-down CIOs sort of macro view that says this is where interest rates are going or this is how we feel about currencies and so forth. So again, it's a testament, I think, to the structure that was built, which isn't overly dependent on any one person, but rather spread across a team of individuals. So hopefully, that helps answer that question for you, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Deanna, you mentioned the higher seasonal expenses in the fourth quarter. Can you give us some more perspective on how to think about that because I think when we go back to last year, you had very favorable expenses for the first 3 quarters and a bit of a catch-up in the fourth quarter as I assume that would -- maybe more weighted to the fourth quarter than normal. So if you could help us think about some sizing of how much that could shift a bit here?
Daniel Houston: Yes, it seems to be a pattern there. You're breaking up just a little bit, but I think she got the full question. Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So on the prepaid amounts, I did mention a reminder around fourth quarter expenses being higher. I would say and agree with what you said that the pattern in 2017 was abnormal, so I wouldn't use that as the kind of trend to go off of. But if you went back to '14 and '15 and '16, what you would see is that if you look at total expenses, you would see that fourth quarter tends to come in about 5% to 8% higher. And I think that would be a good trending to look at when you look at 2018. I think the one thing you'd have to do is, as you know, the PGI, a lot of that significant variance in third quarter did run through the expenses, so you'd want to normalize for that and then ultimately kind of look at that 5% to 8% trend. The other thing, I would say, is unlike 2017, we have been seeing each quarter expenses to kind of be right at what we would've expected, so I don't think we'll have that timing impact that did help drive the fourth quarter '17 expenses to be outside that normal trend. Hopefully, that helps.
Ryan Krueger: Yes, very helpful. And then as a separate question, you had very strong retention in RIS-Fee this quarter. Could you provide some additional color on what you saw there?
Daniel Houston: Yes. I'd say first, thanks for noticing because it's a very concerted effort to regain our clients. And it's also worth noting that we had very strong recurring deposits. It's a reminder of just how strong of a franchise that is. But Nora, do you want to provide some additional color on retention?
Nora Everett: Sure. Yes, we had a -- thanks, Ryan. We had a very strong quarter on both ends, which pushed that net cash flow up, really strong deposits, transfer deposits, recurring deposits. Whether you look at it at a -- on a trailing 12-month basis or just 3Q, it's a really strong number and reflects both our work and obviously, the economy and in particular, the SMB market. With regard to lapse, it was a very strong quarter with regard to retention. And again, and we said this both when it's up and it's down, it's really important to take a 12-month view. Quarter-to-quarter, any of these stats can be a little bit noisy, so I would encourage you to continue to take that trailing 12-month view. But even when you do that, we have a very strong retention stat there. And that, you can put that against a lot of things. Our service model, satisfaction with a strong performance in our target date suite. We have a service model that touches both at the plan sponsor level and also at the participant level. And I can tell you that more and more plan sponsors are really focused at the experience for their participant, and we're leading in a lot of places with regard to that experience. And it's nice to see that conversation really starting to pivot to looking at retirement readiness and understanding how the experience we can provide to their participant is a very personalized experience, can really help drive the end game for them. And so that's been an increasing piece of the conversation. I think all of those things wrap into this stat that says we're able to keep these clients and keep them for long periods of time. Dan mentioned the institutional client conference. I was down there with Dan as well, and we're sitting with clients who have been with literally 20, 30, in some cases, 40 years. So it really resonates, and we take a lot of pride in that.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kligerman with Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: First question is with regard to the digital investment. So as I looked at RIS and PGI, it looked like top line growth was low to mid-single digits, but the earnings were kind of flattish to down, and it looks like it was primarily or in large part, digital investment. So my question is, could you highlight 1 or 2 of the digital investments that you've made and the kind of impact? And then the second part is what can we expect next year in terms of the year-over-years on digital expenses?
Daniel Houston: Yes. And really appreciate the question, Andrew. And As you know, from the comments that John made to kick things off, we're very much looking forward to discussing this in a lot more detail with you on November 15 for our Investor Day when we can do specific case studies. But out of respect for everyone's time, I'm going to ask Deanna just to give a little bit of color and then really dig into that question on the 15th. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. So just one of the things I would remind is if you're just comparing expenses in third quarter of '17 to third quarter of '18, I want to remind you of something I just said, we had very low expenses in third quarter of '17. And so that plays into the comparison. And in addition, we do have the digital investment that's impacting our expenses in '18. That's spread across all of those businesses, but the 2 businesses that you did discuss does have some of that. And so want to -- so I would say that, really, it's a third quarter '17 issue as well as a third quarter '18. But if you kind of take out all the noise, even when you look at third quarter, our adjusted expense growth is tracking right with our adjusted revenue growth. So I think we're doing a good job of managing those expenses while still investing in the business. And just in total, I would say that our digital spend this year is right on track with what we would have expected and the impact that it's having to our operating earnings growth. And that those -- we'll still have those expenses in 2019, but we'll start to have some of the benefits to offset it. So with that, I'll hold you off until our Investor Day in November because I think we're going to give a lot more detail both on what we're actually doing, how that will impact us going forward as well as some of the expense expectations as well.
Daniel Houston: Andrew, can you wait and do you have another follow-up for us?
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please?
Daniel Houston: Well, the first thing I would say to everyone who called in, thanks for doing so and we apologize. We know there were number of individuals in the queue, which we did not have a chance to answer your questions. John will follow up accordingly and respond to those questions, so we apologize. We were probably a little long-winded in some of our responses but felt it was important we tell a very important story as we go through the transition. Secondly, we're going to continue to stay focused on our customers, invest for growth. We're going to eliminate expense that's not additive, and that's something that all the divisional presidents and other leaders are pursuing. Also, again, we're very proud of the deployment of capital. We'll continue to be judicious in how we deploy capital on behalf of our long-term shareholders. And I said -- as I said earlier, we look forward to seeing many of you on November 15 for the Investor Day in New York City. So have a wonderful weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until the end of day, November 2, 2018. 8587837 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's second quarter conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the safe harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valds, Principal International; Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions; and Dennis Menken, our Chief Investment Officer for Principal Life Insurance Company. Some of the comments made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Before I turn the call over to Dan, I want to extend an invitation to two upcoming events. We're hosting an investor event in Tokyo, Japan, the morning of Friday, September 28, highlighting our global asset management and retirement strategies and opportunities for growth in Asia. Our 2018 Investor Day will be held on Thursday, November 15 in New York City. Our leadership team will discuss future opportunities in our businesses as well as details on our accelerated investments in digital and the expected impacts to our businesses. Additional details to follow. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll share some performance highlights and accomplishments that position us for continued growth. Deanna will follow up with details on our financial results and capital deployment. In the second quarter, we delivered $391 million of non-GAAP operating earnings, bringing non-GAAP operating earnings to $800 million through 6 months. This was an increase of 6% compared to the first half of 2017. While we're benefiting from the underlying growth of our businesses and U.S. tax reform, growth year-to-date has been muted by several items, including lower variable investment income, our accelerated investment in digital business strategies, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions and transaction and integration costs associated with our recent acquisitions. As I reflect on the first half of the year and overall, we continue to demonstrate strong business fundamentals, balanced investments in our businesses with expense discipline and be good stewards of shareholder capital. Most importantly, we continue to execute our customer-focused solutions-oriented strategy to help people achieve financial security and success. On a trailing 12-month basis, non-GAAP operating earnings exceeded $1.5 billion, demonstrating our continued strength and leadership in retirement and long-term savings, group benefits and protection in the U.S., retirement and long-term savings in Latin America and Asia and global asset management. Compared to a year ago, reported assets under management, or AUM, is up $37 billion or 6% to $667 billion. The effect of foreign exchange rates reduced AUM by $10 billion during the period, primarily driven by weakening of the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar. AUM growth has also been dampened by recent market performance. In addition, we've increased AUM in our joint venture in China, which is not included in the reported AUM, by $59 billion or 61% over the trailing 12 months to a record $155 billion. This strong growth underscores the magnitude of the opportunity in China and the value of our long-term relationship with China Construction Bank. Our AUM provides a solid foundation for future revenue and earnings growth, and it highlights the diversification of our asset management franchise by investor type, asset class and geography and strong integration across our businesses. We again received the multiple best fund awards during the quarter, including recognition in China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia and Malaysia. And CCB-Principal Asset Management was recognized by Ant Financial, winning their best investor education content award. We also continue to deliver very strong investment performance. At midyear, for the Morningstar-rated funds, 63% of the fund-level AUM had a 4- or 5-star rating. And as shown on Slide 5, 86% of the Principal actively managed mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for the 5-year performance, 70% above the median for the three-year performance and 83% above median for the one-year performance. Moving to total company net cash flows at $2.3 billion in the second quarter, we were pleased with the sequential rebound. RIS delivered $2.2 billion of positive net cash flow in the second quarter on strong sales and retention for both fee and spread, bringing 6 months flows to $3.2 billion for the segment. PI delivered $1.4 billion of net cash flow in the second quarter, its 39th consecutive positive quarter and $3.7 billion through 6 months despite relative softness in Brazil. As context, pension deposits in Brazil were down nearly 30% across the industry through May, reflecting meaningful changes to Brazil's investment landscape as well as current political and economic uncertainty. We anticipate continued pressure on flows. But long term, we remain optimistic about the pension and savings market in Brazil and confident in our joint venture's ongoing ability to capture leading market share. Flows from our joint venture in China, which are not in the reported net cash flow, continued to be strong at $12 billion in the second quarter and $27 billion through six months. In terms of assets sourced by Principal Global Investors, however, we had negative net cash flow of $1.4 billion in the second quarter. This result does not include the $3 billion investment-grade credit strategies that we described to be at risk during the first quarter call. Consistent with the industry, PGI's net cash flow has now been under pressure for several quarters. In recent quarters, we've seen demand for lower-cost investment options become even more pronounced. That said, we'll continue to see strong interest in our active investment capabilities as we help institutional and retail clients diversify, build wealth, generate income, protect against downside risk and address inflation. From an institutional perspective, these mandates tend to be smaller in terms of assets but with higher revenue rates. In response to growing demand, distribution and product development remain heavily focused on income and other outcomes-based solutions, real estate and other alternative investments and our international retail platform to capitalize on emerging markets experiencing strong wealth creation; further, the build-out of our ETF and CIT platforms, creating lower cost investments to compete with pure passive options and complement our active mutual fund strategies. I'll now share some key execution highlights, starting with our investment platform. In the second quarter, we launched 8 new funds in Asia and Latin America, responding to increasing retail and institutional demand for multi-asset and income-generating solutions. We continue to make progress leveraging our mutual fund and ETF platforms across borders, delivering our global investment capabilities to meet the needs of local clients. We also launched the Principal Investment Grade Corporate Active ETF during the quarter, adding to our suite of income-oriented solutions on our U.S. platform. At $3.4 billion of AUM at midyear, we now rank 24th on the ETF League Tables. During the quarter, we entered into a partnership with MUFG Union Bank to launch a lending platform focused on originating loans and securitizing them in CMBS deals, with Principal acting as a primary loan servicer and MUFG providing warehouse line funding. Turning to our recent acquisitions in mid-April. We closed acquisition of Internos, also known today as Principal Real Estate Europe, adding significant European real estate investment capabilities. This will allow us to offer investment solutions across key European jurisdictions and expand our leadership in the key asset class. This transaction has been favorably received by both the consultant and client communities. Principal now manages or sub-advises more than $80 billion of real estate assets globally. In late May, we closed on a transaction for our Southeast Asia joint ventures with CIMB that increased our ownership to 60%. Also, at the end of May, we announced plans to acquire a majority stake in RobustWealth, and the acquisition closed in early July. The transaction is the culmination of an 18-month relationship and a major development expanding and enhancing our digital capabilities. RobustWealth brings a suite of solutions for investment advisors, including a digital advice platform, goal-based investment tools and efficient client onboarding. In addition to serving advisors, we plan to leverage the RobustWealth platform in a number of ways to better serve existing and former retirement plan participants needing innovative IRA rollover solutions to enhance our managed account offering with a more technology-enabled and personalized solution as an additional avenue for investment product and asset allocation model delivery and to advance digital sales across the suite of Principal investment and protection products. We look forward to sharing more details as we continue to enhance our digital solutions that reduce barriers to action and eliminate pain points for our customers and advisors. Moving to distribution. We continue to advance our multichannel, multiproduct approach. We earned two dozen total placements during the quarter, getting more than a dozen different funds on 14 different third-party platforms with success across asset classes. As you may recall, in June of 2017, CCB-Principal Asset Management, our joint venture with China Construction Bank, was selected to offer mutual funds on the Ant Financial platform. As of midyear, we had more than $6 billion in AUM and 3 million investors on this platform. As another important platform development in China, CCB-Principal Asset Management was selected to offer mutual funds on the Tencent platform this quarter. While the revenue and the operating earnings impact from these platforms is currently modest, we expect them to become more meaningful over time. Importantly, combined, these platforms provide our joint venture exposure to millions of users. While Deanna will cover this in more detail, I also want to say how pleased I am with our capital deployment through midyear. In addition to our ongoing investment in organic growth and our accelerated investment in digital business solutions, we returned $671 million to investors through share buybacks and common stock dividends and committed $130 million to acquisitions. Before closing, I'll share 2 pieces of recognition for the quarter. In May, Forbes Magazine named Principal as one of America's best employers, ranking us fourth out of 500 large companies recognized. And earlier this week, we earned the top spot on the Forbes first-ever list of America's Best Employers for Women, reflecting our commitment to equality, flexibility and women's advancement. Along with first quarter recognition for our commitment to diversity, inclusion and ethical behavior, this speaks volumes about our culture and why we'll be successful long term. Second quarter was a period of continued progress, helping customers and clients achieve financial success. Despite some macroeconomic pressures, I look for us to continue to build on the momentum in the second half of 2018 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders and each of our stakeholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, and thanks for participating on our call. Today, I'll discuss key contributors to our second quarter financial results, and I'll provide an update on capital deployment. Net income attributable to Principal was $457 million for second quarter 2018. This included net realized capital gains of $65 million, reflecting $100 million after-tax gains from the sale of a minority stake in a benefits administration technology provider. We had an opportunity to monetize our investment as the company was looking to expand and recapitalize. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $391 million in the second quarter or $1.35 per diluted share, a 3% increase over the prior year quarter. Year-over-year earnings growth was suppressed by volatile macroeconomic conditions and our accelerated investment in digital but benefited from strong underlying business fundamentals and tax reform. Our non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 19.4% for the second quarter, and we continue to expect the full year to be within our previously guided range of 18% to 21%. ROE, excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment, was 13.9% on a reported basis for the second quarter. Excluding the impact from the 2017 actuarial review, ROE was 14.3%, in line with the first quarter. We had 3 significant variances during second quarter that negatively impacted reported non-GAAP pretax operating earnings by a total of $23 million. Impacts included $13 million of lower-than-expected variable investment income. Lower prepayment fees and real estate returns were partially offset by higher returns from alternatives. Impacts to the business units included $6 million in RIS-Fee, $4 million in RIS-Spread and $3 million in Specialty Benefits. Principal International had $6 million of lower-than-expected encaje performance and $4 million of integration costs from the Mexico Afore acquisition. This was lower than the $6 million to $8 million range we communicated on our first quarter call. Excluding significant variances in both periods, total company non-GAAP operating earnings increased 4% on a pretax basis and nearly 8% on an after-tax basis over the year ago quarter. Our accelerated investments in digital business strategy remains on track and in line with the impact communicated at last year's outlook call. We plan to provide additional details on our digital investments at our upcoming Investor Day on November 15. Macroeconomic conditions were mixed but created a net headwind during second quarter 2018, with volatile equity market performance, including a 1% decline in the S&P 500 daily average. This negatively impacted our U.S. fee-based businesses despite a point-to-point increase in the S&P 500 during the quarter. And a weakening of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar, primarily in Brazil, negatively impacted Principal International by about $4 million compared to first quarter 2018. When we made the strategic decision to expand into emerging markets over 20 years ago, we knew that attractive growth came with additional volatility. Fluctuations in foreign currency, global equity markets, inflation and interest rates as well as political uncertainty can cause volatility quarter-to-quarter. We'll continue to execute our strategy, and we remain confident in our growth prospects in these countries. Despite the macroeconomic noise during the quarter, our businesses continued to demonstrate strong fundamentals. In RIS-Fee, recurring deposits increased 11% from the prior year period and 7% on a trailing 12-month basis, very strong results reflecting employment growth, increased deferral rates and double-digit growth in employer matches. In group benefits, on a trailing 12-month basis, in group growth, or lives covered and existing cases, increased a record 1.8%. This has a positive impact on both premiums and pretax operating earnings. And this metric is even stronger when we look at it for our target market of small- to medium-sized businesses. We provide products to help business owners protect their business, transition ownership and save for retirement. Our Individual Life business market sales increased from a year ago and represented 65% of total sales in the quarter, another reflection of the increasing strength and confidence of small- to medium-sized business owners. Positive employment and participant trends are contributing to strong underlying growth across our U.S. businesses. Turning to the key drivers for the businesses. On a trailing 12-month basis and excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review, the revenue growth and margins for PGI, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life are all within the 2018 guided ranges. It's important to note that the significant variances caused by variable investment income were $86 million lower in second quarter 2018 on a trailing 12-month basis compared to the year ago quarter. We don't typically exclude variable investment income when looking at trailing 12-month metrics as it tends to even out over longer periods of time. However, this variance is certainly impacting the current trailing 12-month revenue and pretax operating earnings growth rates in RIS and U.S. Insurance Solutions. While margins in both RIS-Fee and RIS-Spread were within our guided ranges, net revenue growth in both businesses was below the guided ranges. This is due to lower variable investment income as well as spread compression in RIS-Spread. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption review and encaje performance, Principal International's pretax return on combined net revenue was below our guided range, primarily due to headwinds from macroeconomic factors. PI's net revenue growth remains within our guided range. In my following comments on business unit results for the quarter, I'll exclude the significant variances we've called out in both periods in my comparisons. Pretax operating earnings for RIS-Fee, Principal Global Investors, Specialty Benefits, Individual Life and Corporate were all in line with or exceeded our expectations for second quarter. Principal International's pretax operating earnings were also in line, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. As shown on Slide 7, RIS-Spread pretax operating earnings of $85 million were slightly below our expectations. While we had $1.5 billion of fixed annuity sales in the quarter, pension risk transfer sales and MTN issuance have been light in the first half of the year. We continue to view these businesses as opportunistic and remain disciplined in our pricing. Lower-than-expected variable investment income as well as the timing and level of sales throughout the year is anticipated to cause RIS-Spread full year 2018 net revenue growth to be at/or below the low end of our guided range. That said, we expect an increase in pension risk transfer sales in the second half of the year and believe full year sales will meet or exceed 2017 sales of $2.8 billion. Moving to capital deployment on Slide 12. We deployed $391 million of capital during the second quarter, including $196 million in share repurchases, $149 million in common stock dividends, $46 million on announced M&A and increased ownership in a PGI boutique. This brings our year-to-date capital deployment to $801 million. We expect full year deployment will be at the high end of our $900 million to $1.3 billion range. As we evaluate our capital deployment options, we currently find share repurchases to be a compelling opportunity. The $375 million we deployed through share repurchases in the first half of the year was almost twice as much as all of 2017. Last night, we announced a $0.53 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, the 10th consecutive increase in our dividend. This is a $0.01 increase from the second quarter 2018 dividend and a 13% increase from the prior year period. We continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio. And going forward, our dividend growth will be more aligned with the rate of net income growth. M&A is important in supplementing organic growth and has contributed to our above-industry earnings growth over the long term. We recently closed on 4 acquisitions. The Mexico Afore acquisition integration is complete and going better than expected. We estimate $0.02 of additional EPS for the full year 2018. Our increased stake in Southeast Asia through our joint venture with CIMB is also expected to produce immediate returns, contributing $0.01 to $0.02 of EPS accretion in 2018. And Principal Real Estate Europe, formerly Internos, is also expected to be accretive to earnings in the second half of 2018. RobustWealth, our most recent acquisition, is expected to be slightly dilutive for the next several quarters as we continue to expand our investment in the business. Given the benefits across the entire organization, RobustWealth will be reported in corporate. Even with this impact, we expect corporate operating losses will be within the previously guided range of $190 million to $210 million for 2018. Our estimated risk-based capital ratio remains well above our targeted range of 415% to 425%, which puts us in a very strong position to absorb the NAIC's change to the RBC formula to reflect tax reform. We continue to estimate a negative 40 to 50 percentage point impact to our ratio from this change. As we start the second half of 2018, our capital and liquidity position is the strongest it's ever been. We ended the second quarter with over $1 billion at the holding company, nearly $450 million of capital in excess of a 420% RBC ratio and more than $350 million of available cash in our subsidiaries. In addition, a low leverage ratio and no debt maturities until 2022 gives us financial flexibility. We are excited about our prospects as we enter the second half of 2018 and remain confident that our diversified business model and ongoing investments position us well for the future. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Taylor Scott: First question I have is just on the digital investment. When I think about the RobustWealth acquisition, I mean, how much of it is related to sort of synergies with investment that you are planning to make? And should we think about that sort of reducing the amount of acceleration in the investment? Or is there still a lot of investment to kind of do on the back of making that acquisition?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Alex. This is Dan. I'll take that. The bottom line is we consider this acquisition separate and apart from our previously discussed digital investment. This really is about acquiring an entity that not only brings a nice professional staff of technologists, but they come with an investment background. That's their orientation. And there's a lot of work to be done on this digital platform for digital advice. There's also a lot of upside -- we work with a lot of independent advisors to look for these kinds of solutions to be their back office, so in other words, white labeling an asset allocation solution for them. So it's really quite additive to the other six initiatives that we've talked about relative to our investment in digital. Is that helpful?
Taylor Scott: Yes, it is. And then another question, it's a bit unrelated. I guess, just this retirement bill that's being considered in Congress that could make some changes to, I guess, tax incentives and 401(k) as well as, I think, motivate group annuities. I mean, is there any color you can provide on what you're seeing and hearing there and how you think that would sort of impact your business?
Daniel Houston: Yes, the Retirement Enhancement Security Act and better known as RESA. I have had an opportunity to spend a fair amount of time on Capitol Hill talking about this. You can forget how frequent we actually do have legislation that tries to promote retirement savings. I would say for the most part, we find this one to be a comprehensive bill that is additive and net positive for the industry. And with that, let me ask Nora to go ahead and add some additional detail.
Nora Everett: Sure. So there's a couple of things happening. You probably also heard about tax 2.0 that the House Ways and Means Committee Chair Brady released, I think, within the last couple of days, yes, on July 24. So in combination -- and what Brady is -- there's a speculation that Brady will actually take RESA, that bill, and potentially attack the 2 together. We are certainly proponents of RESA. You're talking about open MEPs that would help address coverage gaps. You're talking about a safe harbor for in-plan annuity options, to your point. There's a lot of opportunity with that particular piece of legislation to both address some of the coverage gap but obviously also positive to our business and our business model, so very much in favor of moving that piece of legislation forward. Tax 2.0 is interesting. So what Brady is outlining, and it's just an outline at this point, is a new savings vehicle called universal savings account. And that would be an individual account with after-tax dollars potentially up to $5,500 investment tax-free with less restriction around withdrawals. And the interesting thing about that account is, from our perspective, we want to make sure if this legislation moves forward, that there's a good balance between continuing to incent long-term savings and obviously addressing some of the, what I call, a rainy day fund issue. So we are absolutely in favor of anything that's going to enhance that long-term savings piece of the equation and certainly a proponent for addressing the coverage gap.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: A question for Deanna. You talked about on the capital deployment side you expect to be towards the high end of your guided range. If I think about the $800 million year-to-date, plus probably another $300 million of dividends in the second half, that would put you at $1.1 billion. So for that remaining $200 million, how should we think about the balance between share repurchases and potential additional M&A opportunities?
Daniel Houston: Deanna, please?
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey, for the question. Obviously, I think we'll continue to have a very balanced and disciplined approach from capital deployment. And you pointed out, we've done that thus far this year, with the added amount really going to share buyback, really, given the attractive, compelling opportunity there with the current stock price. The first thing I would say is that $1.3 billion is not a hard cap. As we've -- if you go back over last 5 to 7 years, you've seen times we've been within our guided range and other times where we've been above that guided range. And so we'll continue to look at opportunities, evaluate them relative to each other. We do sit in here today have a $200 million board authorization remaining. So share buyback will be part of what we'll consider as we go forward, in addition to those M&A pipeline as well. As we've specifically think about share buyback, really we look at that opportunistically. It's based on valuation of the stock. It's based on our capital position at the time. And it's also, as mentioned, very much dependent on other deployment opportunities. And so all of those are somewhat hard to predict for the remainder of the year. But again, we feel good that we'll be at/or above the high end of that range, and we'll continue to be very balanced and disciplined in our approach.
Daniel Houston: Humphrey, do you have a follow-up?
Humphrey Lee: Yes. So in terms of RIS-Fee, I think in your prepared remarks, the recurring deposit is definitely a good story there. You talked about there's greater deferral and then also greater matching. But I was just wondering if you can share that a little more, can you talk about some of the dynamics that's happening within the recurring deposits in RIS-Fee?
Daniel Houston: Yes, I'd be happy to do that. Just at a very high level, you're right, this 11%, 12% increase in reoccurring deposits is really helping. I think it gives you an indication just how strong the overall economy is. This is pay increases. This is larger bonuses, profit sharing. So American workers are certainly benefiting from the economy growing, which is very positive for our business. But Nora do you want to add some additional color?
Nora Everett: Sure. So to your question, there are multiple factors that are feeding in, and Dan's identified some of them. Certainly, a big factor is we continue to grow the number of plans we work with. We continue to grow the number of participants we work with, the number of participants with account values. So you've got the macro piece and you also have the fundamental business piece where we continue to grow the business. I would focus on the trailing 12-month as well because quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see some noise, whether that's ESOP, whether that's defined benefit. But even that trailing 12-month growth number at 7% is a really healthy trailing 12 months over trailing 12 months. So we look forward, we see these accelerants with regard to the number of plans, the number of participants, the economics around both wage growth and the fact that folks are increasing their deferrals and their employees are increasing their match, so a lot of positive momentum with those underlying fundamentals.
Daniel Houston: Just one other thing I'll add there, Humphrey. If look back at kind of the low point of what the average deferral, it was kind of in the mid-6%. Now it's north of 8%. And that percentage difference is quite significant when you think about just overall deposits coming into these plans. So I think the message around increasing your savings commitment to retirement is important and it's out there, and we're seeing it in our stats. So thanks for your questions.
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: I know you've talked quite a lot about -- at length about how outflows seen in PGI were lower fee generating and some of the flows coming in were higher fee generating. And then fees as a percent of AUM in 2Q '18 was its highest level since 4Q '16, so it seems like that's happening. Can you expound a little bit more about what you're seeing from the fee level side from new assets in PGI and maybe a little bit on your outlook for flows?
Daniel Houston: Yes. So it's a great question. I'll just look to Jim to respond accordingly, John.
James McCaughan: Yes. Thank you, John. In terms of the pipeline, we see a lot of assets in the specialties we've talked about in the past, whether it's real estate; high yield; small cap; emerging markets, both debt and equity, although those are out of favor at the moment but still in the pipeline because institutions will often buy out-of-favor assets. So in other words, our pipeline is very much added-value products, which our clients seek for higher return. And that's really the explanation of your point about our basis points fees creeping up over time. We're seeing in the industry what I'd describe it as a decoupling between flows and revenues. Firms that have very big inflows maybe doing it for almost nothing, and therefore, not so much growing revenues. We're at the other end of it. And so our flows may have suffered, but the revenues continue to grow. A year ago, at the equivalent call, I said I was much more confident for the near future about revenue growth than I was about flows. It has worked out that way. Having said all that, I think there are signs that we're maybe on a bit of a better patch here. First point -- first number I would point to is global institutional distribution, where our sales in the first half were $8.2 billion, which is up 35% on the year before. That reflects the build we've made and the enhancements we've made in global institutional distribution. And I think that's well aligned with the strong performing and specialty capabilities we have. So in institutional, I feel pretty positive around the sales. Of course, as you know, there were reasons for outflows over the last 12 months. There were funds that were started for a fixed term. There were the performance issues two years ago at Columbus Circle. And there was the increased cost of hedging that was causing, particularly Japanese and European clients, at the margin to withdraw. You still see the first and last of those to some extent, but I do expect that we'll be in a much better position since the worst appears to be over in those sort of high level impacts on our flows. Columbus Circle, I spent some time there earlier this week, and I'm hopeful we'll be growing by 2019. The performance has come around very strongly. So if I add it all up, I'm pretty confident that the institutional flows can improve. On retail, something we did, which I think was only important as a good fiduciary, is a soft close on our very well-recognized mid-cap and SMid income strategies. We did that bringing on stream some other attractive products where our retail flows have been low. I have to say on the second quarter, we had an outflow on the 40 Act funds of about $850 million. That was a result of those attractive products picking up a bit slower than we wanted. And the soft close obviously is to conserve capacity and continue doing a good job for our existing customers. So the answer really is to try and sum it up, we're confident in the pipeline we're seeing. We think the strong performances of most of our strategies give us a lot to work with. But there are factors somewhat beyond our control that could make the flows a bit lumpy. But I do believe that this quarter was pretty representative of some good efforts by the team.
Daniel Houston: John, do you have a follow-up?
John Barnidge: I've taken enough time with that question.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: First, just had a question for Jim on PGI flows. And if you could give us any mandates -- any update on the Japan mandates that you think might be at risk and what the assets associated with those mandates are?
Daniel Houston: Sure. Jim, please?
James McCaughan: Yes. On the Japan mandate we talked about at the last quarter's call as being at risk, it's at risk because of increased hedging costs. The hedging cost has gone from perhaps 50 basis points when the mandate started to well over 200 basis points. And when you're an investment grade, that's not enough to cover the spread. That mandate has not gone. It remains at risk for economic reasons, though the client relationship is very strong. We're working with that client and other Japanese clients on different ways to manage money. I wouldn't want to make a judgment as to whether our next flows in Japan will be positive or negative, but there is still a risk from the heightened cost of hedging.
Jamminder Bhullar: And what's the amount associated with that? I think you had mentioned maybe $3 billion to $4 billion or something in that range before?
James McCaughan: Yes. The remaining investment-grade hedge piece is $3 billion.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then if Luis is there, if he could talk about just the environment in Brazil. It seems like the entire sort of pension industry is troubling there. And what needs to happen for that to improve?
Daniel Houston: Just a quick comment before Luis gets into that, Jimmy. I mentioned in my prepared comments -- we've had a lot of conversations around Europe for a long time. We identify emerging markets as a place that you want to do business. You have to accept a lot of the conditions that are in place, one of which, of course, is typically more politically volatile, although I say that somewhat hesitantly with the backdrop here in the U.S. and some of our policies. Secondly and perhaps more importantly, it's just the volatility in the local economic markets, whether you're measuring currency, you're measure economic output. But I think Luis and his team have just done an outstanding job identifying the right markets for us to be in. Brazil certainly falls under that category. I couldn't feel more confident about that management team's ability to manage their way through this rough patch in Brazil. But with that, I'll turn it over to Luis to answer your question very specifically.
Luis Valds: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Jimmy, let me first start saying that we certainly remain optimistic on Brazil and its economic recovery. And also, the second quarter slowed down or a speed bump that we have, we think that is effectively behind us today. With that, let me say that because of the economic downturn that Brazil has had, the entire industry -- the pension industry has seen a 30% decrease in their deposit year-to-date. Despite of that, Brasilprev has generated net customer cash flows of $4.6 billion in a TTM basis, which is a very commendable 7% over beginning of a period AUM. So we continue performing extremely well. You have to remember that probably 3 years ago, we have 50% of the total net customer cash flows of that industry. Certainly, we were first mover. We were very aggressive. And we have plenty of conveyors there, so we do have today more than 20% of that market share, which is very commendable as well. I will say that if you're looking at our net customer cash flows and its evolution in Page #18 of our supplement, you will see that our withdrawals, they really performed very stable. It's pretty much more the softness in new deposits that's driving down a little bit our net customer cash flows, even having -- so that's $300 million positive for the second quarter, having that sort of a hiccup in the economy in Brazil is very commendable. So a very strong business, a very resilient strategy, and certainly, we do have a great company there.
Jamminder Bhullar: Just a question on the group benefits business. Your results have been consistently better than expected there and, I think, overall, generally better than competitors' results as well. So what is that you feel is helping you, especially on the margin side? And then also, is your outlook now for the business a little more upbeat than it would have been maybe 6 months or a year ago?
Daniel Houston: I suspect Amy might say it's all about leadership. But we'll see what her actual answer is. Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Sure, thanks for the question. I think the way you kind of asked the question is that the results have been better than expected. And I guess, what I'd just give you some insight into is when we really made the commitment years ago to dig deep into the small- to medium-sized business market, we expected results like this. So our technology investments that we've been making, the investments that we've -- and tools we've put in the hands of the brokers and advisors who serve this market and then the great products that we're building behind it, things like the great dental network, sitting with great dental and vision products, have really started to pay off. And again, when we do business in one piece of business or 100 pieces of business that are employer who have 40 lives or 50 lives or 60 lives of people that they provide these benefits to, you sometimes don't make the headlines. But what I would say is we feel very strongly this is the right market to be in. Small business owners need and value our help. They reward you with loyalty. And it means that some of the things that you run into in the larger case market with price pressures simply aren't present in the small case marketplace. So we feel very good about our competitive position in that marketplace, and we feel good that our outlook, to the extent we've given you outlook on this business, is still appropriate. We certainly revisit that on an annual basis, and so you'll hear more from us on that.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was actually hoping Luis might be able to speak a little bit more broadly about the international business outside of just Brazil. And just as we see some of the macro and political noise, where are you seeing or which markets are most exposed to kind of disruption in emerging markets? And how are you seeing the underlying growth dynamics in other countries?
Daniel Houston: It's a good question, Erik, and I appreciate that. Just a quick comment. I was actually in China just last week visiting with a lot of senior government officials and, of course, our very close friends at China Construction Bank, of which we, as you know, have an open MOU as we continue to explore expanding that relationship. And I would tell you that in spite of a lot of the rhetoric that we're hearing about in terms of trade, and it is a topic of discussion, I don't believe that those issues are standing in our way of advancing our relationships in Southeast Asia or Latin America for that matter. But with that, I'll turn it over to Luis.
Luis Valds: Okay. Thanks, Erik, for your question. And let me start giving you a fact that probably is going to help you in order to have a better picture about our countries in emerging markets. If you're putting Brazil aside and its currency, and if you're looking what has been the volatility for all our currencies, the relationship and correlation with the euro is almost 1. So the volatility, in particular, for FX is a global thing and theme. It's not just related to the emerging market. Even if you're looking at the correlation with the Malaysian ringgit or the Chilean peso, it's almost 1. So it's very, very correlated. So that's number one. Number two, certainly, we have had some additional volatility and some kind of global and geopolitical issues that are under discussion. But if you're looking at our portfolio and how our portfolio has evolved in the last 3 to 4 years, we're in much better shape than we were three years ago. So we're less exposed to countries like Brazil, and we have a much more balanced portfolio than we used to have. If you're looking at our portfolio in terms of net customer cash flows, we have generated TTM, in the last 12 months, $8.3 billion in net customer cash flows from $6.7 billion a year ago. So that is a 24% increase in our net customer cash flows TTM in the last period. And if you're looking to the supplement, a very important part of that net customer cash flows are coming from our subsidiaries in Asia. So having said that, I would say that in terms of volatility, we're very much more well prepared in order to weather any particular situation going forward. Our portfolio is much more well diversified. Our production is much more well diversified and operating earnings. In particular, the country that is being the outlier has been Brazil. But as I said before, we remain confident. We're going to have some volatility going forward. We are facing presidential elections on October 7. August is going to be a very interesting month to pay attention to because the presidential candidates are going to be defined. So more to come, Erik.
Daniel Houston: Erik, did you have a follow-up?
Erik Bass: Yes. Just a follow-up for Jim on the institutional pipeline. And some comments we've heard from other asset managers is that there's been a slowdown in the funding of some institutional mandates given moves in interest rates and spreads, particularly around things like core fixed income or high yield. Just curious if that's a dynamic that you're seeing at all.
Daniel Houston: You have some color, Jim?
James McCaughan: Yes. Not really, Erik. If you look at institutional mandates, there are always some of them were they say, great news, you've got the fund, and the money funds 12 months later. That can happen. But I don't see that really changed a lot. That may be a function of some of the specialty asset classes we're in. So that's an excuse I wouldn't make.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Maybe a follow-up, Dan. You've made a comment about progress on the China MOU. I guess, what are your thoughts on potential timing of that happening? And then how should we think about, if that does happen, I guess, the capital that you'd potentially put into that new structure?
Daniel Houston: Yes. So good question. The first thing I would say is these things, as you know, are very difficult to predict. There's a lot of people that have to make decisions, including regulators, when you have a foreign buyer coming in to take a minority share. We have had a very healthy dialogue with the appropriate government officials who would ultimately have to approve our purchasing a piece of an existing retirement company that is owned by China Construction Bank. We've had very healthy dialogues at the most senior levels of the bank. We've also had those same conversations within the subsidiary company that manage these assets. The MOU, as you know, is already underway in terms of already exploring the use of our technology, the capabilities and expertise that we can bring to the table. But I'd like to think that sometime in the next sort of 6 to 9 months, we can bring resolution. In terms of capital, that's an item that has not been completely quantified at this point in time. It's a manageable number. We would have a minority stake. And as those details become more clear, we'll be sure and share those with you. But again, I don't look at it as a -- in a magnitude of our balance sheet as being a disruptive sort of number to gain access to the retirement market. In terms of its impact, once we do buy in, it's a little bit like all these other businesses that Luis and Jim have built over the years, which is it doesn't happen the first couple of years, but you find that will -- flying as time goes on and generating strong profits down the road. So again, we want to be there. We can see the economic upside of doing so and feel good about our chances of getting there.
Ryan Krueger: That's great. And then on the RBC ratio, once the tax reform impact comes due, do you anticipate changing your 415% to 425% target?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Let me ask Deanna to make a quick comment there.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Ryan, good question. That's something we're going to probably continue to evaluate. What I would say here, and I've mentioned it before, we feel in a really strong position relative to our ability to absorb that change and still have a risk-based capital that is at a level that we feel very good about. So we're sitting here today above our targeted range. We've estimated the impact to be about 45 percentage points. And when you put those 2 together, I'm confident we will still have a risk-based capital range that will be at/or just slightly below our current target. And then what we'll do is continue to watch the industry, watch our competitors and obviously react to rating agency reaction and evaluate whether that 415% to 425% remains a good target going forward.
Operator: The next question will come from John Nadel with UBS.
John Nadel: I guess, I didn't quite realize that variable investment income on a trailing 12-month basis was that much below your target. I think you had mentioned $86 million. Although that may just be $86 million lower than the prior trailing 12 months, which I don't know if that was elevated. So can you just give us a sense, how do things compare to a normalized level? Like what is that normalized level? It does appear that it's affecting revenue comps.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, John. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Yes. The $86 million that I referred to on my prepared remarks or what you heard earlier today is not the shortfall in the current trailing month period. It's really comparing the fact that we had pretty positive impacts that we called out in the prior trailing 12. And so the delta between the 2 is $86 million. How we go about that is going into a year, obviously, we've embedded into our guidance a certain amount of variable investment income. And a portion -- and some of that is just hard to predict. And so what we'll call out in a given quarter, some of it is hard to predict, some of it is lumpy quarter-to-quarter, and we'll be consistent both on the plus end and the negative end, calling out when the current quarter is different than what we've expected. I'd say that the positives that we saw in the trailing 12-month period, we saw some good prepays during that period. We also saw some good benefits from real estate. I'd say if you look at the more recent quarters, prepays have become much more difficult and real estate has just been lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And so again, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on that. If you want to go into more detail, we can do that offline. But it does, as you mentioned, have some impacts on the OE -- reported OE and revenue growth quarter-to-quarter.
John Nadel: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just a follow-up to Jim on the fee rate in Principal Global. Was there any impact in this current quarter, 2Q, from performance fees? Because I'm with John Barnidge on the -- it really did jump. And I recognize what you've been saying for a while is coming through in terms of the shift, the sort of barbell approach year, but it seems pretty significant in a single period of time.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Yes, please, Jim, go ahead.
James McCaughan: To quantify that, John, performance fees in the second quarter totaled $6.8 million. Typically, 1/3 to 1/2 of performance fees come through to profits. So there was a boost but not a very large one. The comment I'd make on performance fees is, as you know, 2017 and the first half of 2018 have been much lower than the previous 2 years in performance fees. We had some really good harvesting of performance fees on real estate in the earlier couple of years, in 2015, 2016. I think long term, the average of performance fees will be somewhere between the heightened experience of the previous two years and the rather meager experience of the last 1.5 years. The reason I say it'll be a little lower is absolute return prospects and investments are going to be constrained by relatively low interest rates. But as you know, having said that, hope you -- I hope it's helpful to give you the exact quantification of performance fees. And I think that long term, they're going to be a material contributor even if not in every quarter to the way we show our results.
Operator: The final question is from Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just want to ask on the competitive environment. I mean, when we look at the RIS-Fee business and we calculate the fee rate, it looks like that continues to come down. And I know there's different ways to calculate it, and your internal view may be different than what we're seeing externally. So I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on what you're seeing in terms of competition on the fee side. And has there been any progress or momentum on the side of your charging fees based on headcount as opposed to AUM in the small case market?
Daniel Houston: Sure, and I'll let Nora jump right into this. But if I could, just kind of at a macro level, Suneet, something to think about here is the fact that this has always been a competitive space for as long as I can remember. We actually are a bit unique in that we've got quite a different mix between small, medium and large, all of which generate different revenue flows. We've also been fortunate over the years to have a disproportionate larger percentage of the assets go to proprietary investment options. And as we migrate towards more open architecture, there is pressure there. But having said all of that, the sales organization and Nora and her team have done a really good job meeting the needs of the marketplace, while at the same time, maintaining really good margins, and at the same time, making huge investments in the business. So Nora, do you want to go and add to that, please?
Nora Everett: Sure. So Suneet, we've talked about this before. And this quarter, it actually was masked a little bit by the lower net investment income. But if you look even quarter-over-quarter, our fee revenue growth is up 4%, up $12.7 million. And that is actually as expected, and we've talked about this before. We look at -- and this is an industry trend as well, as you look at that average account value going up and relate that to revenue growth, you're going to see, we all are going to see that gap. It's a longstanding industry trend. We tend to see it between 4% and 8%, the gap between average account value growth and revenue growth. Sometimes it's going to be more. Sometimes it's going to be less. It's noisy quarter-over-quarter, so we take a longer-term view. But certainly, all the things you mentioned are captured in that gap. There is -- and to Dan's point, it has been competitive for many, many years. And within that gap, not only you're going to see competitive pricing, but you're going to see product mix changes, you're going to see investment lineup changes. So all of that is captured. So certainly, no new news here. What I like to refocus on is just how important that makes that underlying fundamental growth around plan growth, participant growth, account value growth, winning our fair share and oftentimes more with regard to this very, very successful retirement investment platform that we have, especially in that target date suite, just very significant success there in our ability as we move through that suite. Today, our CIT hybrid, that combination of active and passive is still very successful. So that combination of the work that Jim and his team are doing from an asset management perspective and my team is doing from a distribution and service perspective continues to resonate in the market, and we continue to win more than our fair share.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Nora. Suneet, did you have a real quick follow-up?
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Just wanted to quickly follow up on PRT. We have been hearing from some other companies that maybe pricing there is getting more competitive. Just want to get a sense of what you're seeing. It sounds like you're optimistic about growth on the back half of the year.
Daniel Houston: Yes. It is a good question. And maybe just because we're out of time here, I'll take this one real quickly. And the fact of the matter is this has been a sweet spot for us for a long time. We tend to play at the smaller to medium-sized end of the spectrum. We view the business as being very optimistic. We're very disciplined at how we go about the pension risk transfer business. Although the first half of the year was a little bit light here, we anticipate making it up in the second half of the year. We like it. It's core to our strategy. And again, of all things I worry about, that's frankly just not one of them. So thank you for the questions, Suneet.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Just to be very brief here, my quick observations are the following, and that is it was a -- from our perspective, a good quarter and a very good half to the first start of the year. We have taken a very balanced approach with capital deployment. You heard Deanna specifically frame the acquisitions that we have made and that they are accretive, which we feel good about. Also, I want to reemphasize, we're going to continue to invest in this business. For long-term shareholder value, we must continue to make those investments. And the fact that -- and I thought Luis and Jim did a really nice job here covering the emerging markets. By their very nature, they're going to be volatile. But we need to be there, where there's a lot of upside growth for shareholders. Just as a reminder to what John had shared at the beginning of the conversation, we are going to have an investor meeting in Tokyo on September 28. We'd love to have you join us and also again in November 15 in New York City. So again, thank you for your interest in the company, and look forward to seeing you on the road here in the next few months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, August 3, 2018. 8249939 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President, Investor Relations Dan Houston - Chief Executive Officer Deanna Strable - Chief Financial Officer Nora Everett - President, Retirement and Income Solutions Jim McCaughan - President, Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes - President, Principal International Amy Friedrich - President, U.S. Insurance Solutions Tim Dunbar - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Eric Bass - Autonomous Research John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Ryan Krueger - KBW John Nadel - UBS Suneet Kamath - Citi Tom Gallagher - Evercore
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups first quarter conference call. As always, materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. I will start by mentioning a change to our first quarter financial supplement in the PGI AUM by boutique table on the top of Page 16. Effective January 1, 2018, the EDGE Asset Management fixed income team joined Principal Global Fixed Income to better align capabilities and resources as a result approximately $11 billion of AUM move from Edge to the Principal Global Fixed Income boutique. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure maybe found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dan.
Dan Houston: Thanks, John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I will share some performance highlights and accomplishments that positioned us for continued growth. Deanna will follow with details on our financial results and capital deployment. First quarter was a good start to the year for Principal. We continued to deliver strong growth, execute our customer focused solutions oriented strategy, balanced investments in our business with expense discipline and be good stewards of shareholder capital. At $409 million, we delivered record non-GAAP operating earnings, a 10% increase compared to first quarter 2017. This reflects good underlying growth across our businesses and lower effective tax rate due to the U.S. tax law reform. On a trailing 12-month basis, non-GAAP operating earnings exceeded $1.5 billion demonstrating our strength and leadership in the U.S. retirement and long-term savings, group benefits and protection markets, retirement and long-term savings in Latin America and Asia, and global asset management. Compared to a year ago, reported assets under management, or AUM is up $54 billion or 9% to a record $674 billion. Over the same period, we also increased AUM in our joint venture in China. That is not included in the report of AUM by $48 billion or 50% to a record $144 billion. This provides a solid foundation for revenue and earnings growth and it underscores not only the diversification of our asset management franchise by investor type, asset class and geography, but also strong integration across business units. As I reflect on the strong recent traction in China specifically, its a great reminder of the benefit of continuously making investments to drive long-term growth. As additional color on our asset management franchise, we again received some noteworthy third-party recognition during the quarter. Principal Funds ranked eighth on Barrons list of best fund families in 2017. Additionally, we received best fund awards in more than 10 countries from organizations, including Bloomberg, Morningstar and Lipper. Our investment performance remains very strong. At quarter end, for our Morningstar rated funds, 69% of fund level AUM had a 4 or 5-star rating. And as shown on slide 5, 86% of Principal mutual funds, exchange traded funds or ETFs, separate accounts and collective investment trust or CITs were above median for the 5-year performance, 72% above median for 3-year performance and 80% above median for 1-year performance. Moving to net cash flows, we are pleased with the first quarter results for Principal international and retirement and income solutions. PI delivered $2.3 billion of net cash flow, its 38 consecutive positive quarter including record flows in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia. And RIS delivered $1 billion of positive net cash flow. RIS flow rebounded nicely from fourth quarter softness despite $1 billion of outflows from the loss of a single client as we discussed on the fourth quarter call. Despite these positive results total company net cash flow was a negative $1.5 billion for the quarter, primarily reflecting elevated institutional withdrawals in Principal Global Investors as well as lower deposits resulting from some delayed fundings due to market volatility. A single client accounted for over half of PGIs total net outflows for the quarter due to rise in currency hedging cost declined withdrew over $3 billion, representing different investment grade credit mandates awarded to us over multiple time periods. And to be transparent there is another $3 billion in the same investment grade strategy at risk of leaving in the next year. That said, we continue to manage another $6 billion of assets for the same client and other strategies where the cost of hedging can be more easily absorbed. And they awarded us a new mandate during the quarter. While the new mandate is less than 10% of the assets they withdrew, it offsets more than 40% of the annual revenue from the larger investment grade mandate. Quarterly volatility and currency hedging cost aside PGI institutional flows have been under pressure for several quarters now. As such I will provide some color on what we are saying and what we are doing to improve future flows and continue revenue growth as well as our outlook going forward. We have seen demand for lower cost investment options become even more pronounced in the institutional space in recent quarters. This has impacted withdrawals and made deposit growth challenging. We expect this trend to continue, but real opportunities remain for managers that can consistently deliver strong investment performance and demonstrate value to the marketplace. We are doing both. We delivered at least $1.5 billion of positive flows over the last 3 years in seven of our boutiques. We continue to see strong interest in our specialty solution and alternative investment capabilities as we help clients diversify, build wealth, generate income, protect against downside risk and address inflation. Assets in these mandates tend to be smaller, but with higher fees. Consistent with previous discussions the divergence between asset growth and revenue growth is increasing. 2017 Boston Consulting Group report projects the passive AUM will grow faster than any other product type through 2021. However, they also project that 90% of industry revenue growth over this period will come from alternatives, active specialties and solutions. This is where we compete and excel. Distribution and product development remains heavily focused on income and other outcomes based solutions, real estate and other alternative investments and our international retail platform to capitalize on emerging markets experiencing strong wealth creation. The build out of our ETF and CIT platforms is providing lower cost investment options to compete with pure passive options and complement our more traditional active mutual fund strategies. As communicated last quarter, PGI is gaining traction with its double in platform as well as its SMA, CIT and ETF platforms helping to offset some of the institutional pressure. I will now share some key execution highlights starting with our investment platform. In the first quarter we launched more than a dozen new funds in total across Southeast Asia, China and Latin America responding to increasing local retail and institutional demand for multi-asset and income generating solutions. Importantly, we continue to make progress leveraging our mutual fund and ETF platforms across borders, delivering our global investment capabilities to meet the needs of local clients. In April we launched the Principal investment grade corporate active ETF adding to our suite of income oriented solutions on our U.S. platform. After surpassing the $1 billion and $2 billion milestones in 2017 our ETF franchise surpassed $3 billion in the first quarter of 2018 placing us on the top 25 on the ETF league tables at quarter end. In the bank loan market, we priced our first collateralized loan obligation at Post Advisory Group in April. This marks the beginning of a product build that provides an efficient way for investors to have access to an attractive asset class. We also made additional progress towards the quarter on the digital front. We launched enhanced digital experience to help guide customers through their retirement savings options when they change jobs or retire. Additionally, we launched a first of its kind ESOP website to address the needs for succession planning among U.S. business owners and help advisors discuss the potential benefits of ESOPs to business owners and their employees and driving retirement readiness. Our digital efforts are being recognized with the top 5 ranking on DALBARs Mobile InSIGHT Report in the life and annuity industry and outstanding MPF mobile app award in Hong Kong in the wealth and investment management category, more to come as we drive towards digital solutions that reduce barriers to action and eliminate pain points for customers and advisors. Moving to distribution, we continue to advance our multi-channel multi-product approach and we earned more than 20 total placements during the quarter getting more than a dozen different funds on 15 different third-party platforms with success across the asset classes. CCB Principal Asset Management, our joint venture with China Construction Bank was selected midyear in 2017 to offer mutual funds on the Ant Financial platform, Ali Babas payment affiliate. As of mid-April, we surpassed two key milestones, $6 billion of AUM and 3 million customers. While the revenue and earnings impact is currently modest, we expect both to become more meaningful over time. Clearly a key benefit today is brand exposure to Ants 0.5 billion platform users. As one final distribution highlight, our recent acquisition of MetLifes Afore business in Mexico increases our sales force competing in the private retirement market by more than 75%. While Deanna will cover this in more detail, I want to comment on our balanced approach to capital deployment. In addition to our ongoing investment and organic growth and our accelerated investments in digital business strategies, we returned more than $325 million to investors through our share buybacks and common stock dividends and we committed more than $80 million to M&A activities. Before closing, a quick update on the DOL fiduciary rule. As you know on March 15, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals delivered a ruling in validating all elements of the DOL fiduciary rule, including the broad definition of the fiduciary investment advice and best interest contract exemption. Until the Fifth Circuit Court enters its order as final which we expect could happen as early as May, the fiduciary rule remains in effect and we will continue to operate in accordance. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners continue to work on the best interest standard proposals for their respective areas of jurisdiction. We and the industry in general believe a workable, uniform, best interest standard is beneficial and should be pursued. I will also share some additional recognition for the quarter. For the eighth time, Ethisphere Institute named Principal as one of the worlds most ethical companies, one of just five companies in financial services to make the list. Forbes named Principal as one of Americas best employers for diversity ranking sixth out of 250 companies recognized. Lastly, for the 17th time, the National Association of Female Executives named Principal one of the top companies for executive women. We are one of just 10 companies in its Hall of Fame reflecting our longstanding commitment to womens advancement into leadership positions. These speak volumes about who we are as a company and why we will be successful long-term. In closing, again first quarter was very good start to the year for Principal. It was a period of continued progress helping customers and clients achieve financial success. I look for us to continue to build on that momentum throughout 2018 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for shareholders and each of our stakeholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning and thank you for participating in our call. Today, I will discuss key contributors to our first quarter financial results and I will provide an update on capital deployment. The first quarter was a strong start to 2018 with net income attributable to Principal of $397 million, an increase of 14% from the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were a record $409 million in first quarter or a record $1.40 per diluted share and increased 10% over the prior year quarter. Reflecting the benefits of U.S. tax reform, our non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was 17.7% for the first quarter. This was at the lower end of our 2018 guided range of 18% to 21% primarily due to the impact of stock-based compensation and state income tax treatment. While there maybe some volatility in the effective tax rate quarter-to-quarter, we still expect to be within the guidance range for the full year. ROE, excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment, was 13.9% on a reported basis for the first quarter. Excluding the impact from the 2017 actuarial review, ROE was 14.3% and improved 20 basis points from year end. The only significant variance in the first quarter 2018 was $10 million pretax of lower than expected encaje performance in Principal International. As a reminder, first quarter 2017 significant variances included a total of $23 million from higher than expected variable investment income and higher than expected encaje performance, partially offset by an assessment associated with the Penn Treaty liquidation. Excluding these significant variances, total company non-GAAP operating earnings increased 17% over the year ago quarter. This reflects underlying growth and some favorable experience in our spread and risk businesses which I will discuss shortly. Looking at macroeconomic factors, market volatility returned in the first quarter. While the S&P 500 daily average increased 5% during the quarter, the open to close decreased 1%. As prospective this is the first quarterly decline for the index since first quarter of 2016. The U.S. 10-year treasury yield increased 34 basis points during the quarter, a positive development. However, it takes some time for the higher rates to have a noticeable impact on portfolio yields and thus financial results. Additionally, positive impacts from foreign currency exchange rates during the quarter were offset by the negative impact of significantly lower interest rates in Brazil and lower inflation in Latin America. Favorable mortality and morbidity contributed to strong first quarter results and RIS spread and specialty benefits, benefiting each business by approximately $10 million pretax. Specific to specialty benefits and extremely low and unsustainable loss ratio for individual disability benefited first quarter results. As a reminder, group life claims were elevated in the year ago quarter negatively impacting results by nearly $10 million. The specialty benefits business is a key growth driver for Principal as our focus on small to medium sized businesses continues to differentiate us in the marketplace. In individual life, mortality experience was within our expectations during the quarter. Total company operating expenses returned to expected levels in the first quarter from an elevated fourth quarter. Our accelerated investment in digital business strategies is on track. Total company operating expenses returned to expected levels in the first quarter from an elevated fourth quarter. Our accelerated investment in digital business strategies is on track. As previously discussed, these digital investments will impact business unit margins throughout the year with benefits beginning to emerge in 2019. In my following comments on business unit results, I will exclude the significant variances from both periods in my comparisons. Individual life and Principal International pretax operating earnings were in line with our expectations for the quarter. RIS spread and specialty benefits pretax operating earnings were also in line with our expectations after taking into account the favorable mortality and morbidity experience. For RIS spread, opportunities in the pension risk transfer business remain compelling with a very robust sales pipeline. As shown on Slide 6, RIS fees pretax operating earnings were $131 million, down 5% from the prior year quarter. Net revenue increased 4% on a 6% increase in fee revenue, offset by higher operating expenses including investment in the business and higher DAC amortization. In 2018 we expect DAC amortization run rate of $20 million to $25 million per quarter in RIS fee. This is higher than our previous run rate due to the adoption of revenue recognition guidance and the impacts from the third quarter actuarial review. Importantly, RIS fees underlying business fundamentals remain strong. Compared to a year ago, sales are up 9%, recurring deposits grew 7%, defined contribution plan count increased 2.5% or almost 900 plans and participant count increased 4% with over 190,000 new participants. Moving to Slide 8, PGIs pretax operating earnings increased 10% from the prior year period to $110 million reflecting an 8% growth in management fees and disciplined expense management, partially offset by investment in the business. At $42 million, corporate pre-tax operating losses were lower than our expected run-rate. Corporate losses can be volatile in any given quarter and we expect to be within our guided range of $190 million to $210 million for the full year. Our estimated risk-based capital ratio remains above our targeted range of $415 million to $425 million and is slightly higher than our RBC ratio at year end. We intend to keep our ratio elevated until the NAC provides guidance on changes to the RBC formula to reflect U.S. tax reform. We are currently estimating a negative 40 to 50 percentage point impact to our ratio from this change. During the quarter, we entered into $750 million of contingent capital funding arrangements split between 10 and 30-year tranches. These provide us financial flexibility and access to funds regardless of the economic environment and will not impact our leverage ratio unless drawn upon. The initial and ongoing financing costs are reflected in corporate and were included in our 2018 guidance for corporate pre-tax operating losses. Additionally, Standard & Poors recently upgraded our senior unsecured debt ratings from triple BBB+ to A-. S&P noted increased access to unregulated dividends from changes in our legal structure. As shown on Slide 12, we deployed $410 million of capital during the quarter, including $179 million in share repurchases and $147 million in common stock dividends. We also committed $84 million to two planned transactions during the quarter to increase our ownership to 60% in our asset management joint ventures with CIMB and Southeast Asia and to take full ownership of the Principal Punjab National Bank Asset Management Company in India. Both transactions are slated to close in the coming months. On February 20, we closed our acquisition of MetLifes Afore business. This transaction makes Principal the fifth largest Afore in Mexico in terms of AUM. Integration is on track and progressing as planned. The acquisition will be accretive to earnings in 2018. That said, we are anticipating integration expenses of approximately $6 million to $8 million in the second quarter that will negatively impact PIs pre-tax margin and pre-tax operating earnings. On April 16, we closed our acquisition of Internos, which expands our global real estate capabilities. Internos has been renamed Principal Real Estate Europe and will benefit from Principals resources and scale. Last night, we announced a $0.52 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter, a 13% increase from a year ago as we continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio. This is our ninth consecutive quarterly dividend increase reflecting our strong financial position and commitment to increasing long-term shareholder value. We remain confident in our ability to deploy $900 million to $1.3 billion of capital in 2018. Importantly, we continue to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Excluding the impacts from actuarial reviews, over the last 5 years, we have delivered an 11% compounded annual growth rate and non-GAAP operating earnings well within our long-term target of 9% to 12%. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So I had a few questions. First on the PGI business, it seems like your fee income and overall earnings were weaker than we would have assumed, I think fees were flat sequentially, they were up on a year-over-year basis, but less than the increase in the market our asset growth would have suggested. So I just wanted to see if you had any comments on that? And then secondly, go ahead actually.
Dan Houston: No, no, no please go ahead and finish your second question, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: So the other question was on share buyback, so I think you ended up buying back more stock this quarter than you have on a quarterly basis in the last several years. So not sure if you did that because last quarter you didnt buyback anything or was it because the stock price declined and you wanted to be more proactive and if that is the reason then should we assume that if the price stays beaten down you would be more active with the buybacks than you have been in the recent years?
Dan Houston: So let me pick up on your second question first and then I will throw it to Jim to weigh in on the PGI fee income. Like you would expect Jimmy we always look at all the options on how we go about deploying our capital and where we stand with the potential acquisitions in the queue. And I would say that again on a very deliberate basis looking at all of our options we felt because we have the authorization for the share buyback. It was a good opportunity for us to do so as you might expect. That still  there is still some remaining for the second and third quarter, obviously that we have to complete that. And we have got a Board meeting coming up here in May, which will have continued conversations with the Board on next steps relative to share buybacks. But again the dividend having increased, good deployment of capital, good organic growth, nice acquisitions, all tuck-ins, so we feel like again we have got really balanced approach to capital deployment. With that, I will throw it Jim to hit on your PGI fee income question. Jim?
Jim McCaughan: Thank you the question Jimmy. Just as contact, the first thing to point out is the risk quite a lot of seasonality in our quarter-to-quarter numbers. As the guideline for profitability typically 22% to 23% of the year comes in the first quarter and 27% to 28% comes in the fourth quarter. And one of the reasons for this seasonality on revenues, partly driven by the U.S. tax year, driven also by accounting years in decision making process. The first quarter tends to be a bit low on transaction fees. It tends to be very low on incentive fees, which tend to be clustered in the fourth quarter. So I would argue that the 10% or 10.4% increase in profits, over 8% increase in management fees from the year ago quarter is a better measure and more appropriate measure of the progress we have made, because that takes out the effect of seasonal adjustment. The other thing of course is that the expenses are seasonal, but you didnt go into that, but if anyone wants me to I can. But I dont think that this was at all a disappointing first quarter and its well aligned with what we have said in the past in guidance.
Dan Houston: Is that helpful Jimmy?
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Yes. And then maybe one more, I am not sure if Luis is on the call, but it seems like the environment in the Chilean business has gotten a little the better with the election and talk of sort of drastic pension reform subsiding, so is that your view as well and then what you will reduced fees in the business, I think they are going into effect in 3Q, how should we expect that to impact your results in the second half versus your?
Dan Houston: Thank you. You might just squeezed in three and four questions there, but Luis is here and they are really relevant questions and certainly prepared respond. But as you pointed out Chile is rebounding and its we remain optimistic, but Luis?
Luis Valdes: Yes. Good morning, Jimmy. A fair question about Chilean pension reform, which is pending, since March 11 we have a new administration there, we value the birth and the death of its new cabinet. Good names, very professional, very technical, so the discussion is heading in the right direction. I would say they always said a working group that has been created with very good names as well, very  I would say professional people, very dedicated, good in patience in this discussion. So we are very optimistic about the kind of the outcome that we might have, only possible factor that might be very little of these discussions when the new bill is going to have the Congress. The current administration [indiscernible] may redeem both chambers, so fairly its sort of a kind of [indiscernible] might happen there. So we have to be a lot of extremely involved in that process Jimmy. So, we are paying a lot of attention about that, but as you have said the positive and better environment in order to have this discussion in Chile. Above the fee reduction [indiscernible] essentially the result of our gains in productivity and efficiency that allows us to transfer that benefit to our customers. We continue keeping our value proposition there to our clients and customer service, financial advice and investment performance. So we are going to continue being a very competitive a fee there. And as you said this new fee rate is going to be in place on July 1. And certainly you can think about that as a very subtle fee adjustment in Chile.
Dan Houston: Thanks for your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: And that was part of your guidance? It was a part of your guidance, the fee adjustment.
Luis Valdes: Yes, sir.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay.
Luis Valdes: We are expecting that this reaction is not going to impact our margins neither in Chile nor in [indiscernible].
Jimmy Bhullar: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just the questions related to expenses, especially in RIS fees, so I understand that this sort of initiative is supposed to pose a kind of 2% earnings impact in 2018 on a pre-tax reform basis. So, I would assume thats probably closer to $50 million on a pre-tax basis. So, you talked about you have accelerated some of the additional investments in the fourth quarter and then there is going to be some ongoing expenses in the first quarter. But I was just trying to figure out like where you stand in terms of these investments in RIS fees? And then on top of it that there seems to be some moving pieces in the expenses line in this quarter and I was just wondering if you can provide some additional color in terms of where do you think the expenses will be kind of for the rest of the year?
Dan Houston: Yes, Humphrey, so thank you for that. I am going to  the broad comment I am going to make before thrown into Deanna is that we are actually incredibly enthusiastic about these investments in digital. We are getting some traction. We are seeing it materialize here with  as you know, we started in the fourth quarter. We are well into it in the first quarter here and we are starting to see progress made and I am frankly very excited about that, but with regards to the specifics, let me throw it to Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Humphrey. I think what would work best is if I talk about our expenses in total for the company and then Nora could add a few comments specifically to RIS fee. And so the first thing I would say is when I have dug into our first quarter expenses for the company in total, they were not significantly different than what we expected. We have always talked about a goal to align the growth in expenses to our growth in revenue, but as we have also discussed, its very critical that we balanced that with investments in the business, because those investment has served us well up to this point and will continue to serve us well on driving long-term growth. I think its also important to recognize that there is seasonality to expenses. Some of that Jim just talked about fourth quarter is always our highest expense quarter and first quarter tends to be our second highest quarter due to items such as PGI payroll taxes and overall variable compensation tends to be a little bit higher in the first quarter as well. If you would go back to first quarter of 17 we did state that expenses were light in that quarter primarily due to timing. And this quarter as you mentioned we did include  our total expenses does include the impact of those digital investments. And so given that you would have expected this quarter to see a slightly higher increase in expenses again due to low in first quarter of 17 and the additional investments this quarter. I tend to look at kind of growth in expenses in revenue over a longer time period, but even if you just look at first quarter 18 versus first quarter 17 our comp and other was up 4.9%, thats in line with our net revenue growth on a reported basis, but if you actually adjust net revenue for [indiscernible], that compares to an 8% increase in net revenue. Specific to digital, we did have some digital in fourth quarter, but much more significant in the first quarter. As you mentioned, we said on the outlook call that would impact our pre-tax operating earnings growth about 2% and you did a very accurate calculation to get to a dollar amount of expenses that we might expect in 2018. Our first quarter spend was very aligned with that and we dont expect anything different for the full year different than what we told you on that outlook call. The spend is spread throughout all of the segments and benefits will begin to emerge in 2019. So, I think bottom line it feels like our expenses in the first quarter are aligned with what we have talked about in the past and I will pivot to Nora to see if she has any additional comments specific to RIS fee.
Nora Everett: Yes. So, Deanna has covered very well both RIS fee and at the PFG level, so I wont repeat that, but just to give you a little flavor for the investments that we are making in to Deannas point really excited about in RIS fee. We are not just talking about technology, but we are also talking about customer experience and thats at the planned sponsor employer level, thats at the planned participant level. Thats a digital experience that we want to have with our advisors. So, we are really looking at this when we say digital or when you say technology. We have a number of really critical audiences that we are investing and building that digital experience around, so really excited about that for the long haul. And in addition to that we have really looked our game around our marketing and marketing spend, so those things are investments back in the business. They give us the confidence that we are going to continue to lead, have the leading franchiser here with regard to both top line and bottom line growth.
Dan Houston: Thanks Nora. Humphrey, did you have a follow-up?
Humphrey Lee: Yes, I do. So kind of shifting gear to PGI a little bit, so when I am actually looking at the management fee pass-through, we are kind of looking at the kind of year-over-year basis is definitely showing some improvement as well as on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I suspect thats because some of the mix shift going on within PGI, but I was just wondering if Jim can talk about a little bit more on the fees of that you are getting from the inflows versus the outflows and kind of how we should think about the fee rate improvement as the underlying earnings driver as opposed to the AUM growth in for PGI?
Dan Houston: Yes. Very much depends on those asset classes and there was a good story there, Jim.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, thank you, Humphrey. And this links back to some of the comments Dan made in his remarks about us being well aligned with the places where revenue growth is happening. If you look at the asset management industry, there is a lot of money flowing into passive and active core players. But they are seeing declining revenue, thats really being hit very hard by the demand for lower pricing. And as you know thats not the area we are primarily in. We are in active specialties alternatives and multi-asset class solutions and so far we feel confident about revenue growth. And its interesting I know its in the back of peoples mind how bad can this hedging effect get. I would point back to the second quarter of last year when we had a similar outflow because of hedging costs. In that case it was both euro and yen hedging costs. And I did remark in that call that I felt much more confident about revenues than I did about future flows at that point. I still feel that way because we are in areas where probably the average basis points can go up because of the change of mix. And this is things like real estate, like high yield, like small cap and emerging markets. Those are areas where we are really quite strong and have actually even in a fairly tough first quarter decent flows. So yes, Jimmy I think the main  sorry Humphrey, I think the main point here I would make is that we are well placed to continue that revenue growth. Almost, we are not quite regardless with the flows, the flows will turn positive again. I have a little doubt about that given our execution and our performance. But having said that I think the mix is a very important attribute that we have to be a growing revenue earner in the asset management business.
Dan Houston: Humphrey thanks for your questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bass of Autonomous Research.
Eric Bass: Hi. Thank you. I guess to start maybe just follow-up on Humphreys questions on the revenue picture for PGI and obviously the fee pressures you have mentioned that institutional may the actions you are taking to deal with those, I mean are those all contemplated in the kind of 4% to 8% revenue target for 2018 and the 5% to 8% long-term growth outlook, so do you think those targets are still achievable?
Dan Houston: We actually do. We think they are still well in those range, we dont reaffirm. But I would say that we anticipate these things in advance and I feel comfortable that 4% to 8%.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. The industry is seeing very heavy disruption. The very difficult environment for passive and active core players is playing out almost exactly as we expected, so no need to change the guidance for that.
Eric Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe moving to RIS fee, you could just talk about the impact of equity markets on your margins there and I know you commented specifically on the DAC I think in the prepared remarks, but should we think about the midpoint of the 30% to 34% guidance range for the year being based on the 8% equity market return assumption or is this too simplistic?
Dan Houston: I dont think thats overly simplistic and this was kind of a wild quarter because of the right to think that again the way we get compensated on the revenues are as on a daily basis. And we saw that was roughly up 5%, while if you look at the point to point it was minus one, which does have an impact on the DAC line. But I think the assumptions that you are using are our spot-on. Nora, would you like to add to that at all?
Nora Everett: Yes. And so if you look at our fee revenue line, the vast majority of that fee is based on account value and clearly given our portfolio, we are going to lift and fall based on the equity markets, but with the assumption baked in, we are absolutely confident with regard to that margin guidance.
Dan Houston: Did you have a follow-up?
Eric Bass: No, thats helpful. So just its right sort of the midpoint as to where that 8% would fallout?
Dan Houston: Right. Exactly.
Eric Bass: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: Thank you. There have been a thought that post-tax reform, there would be a wave of wage inflation and some benefits inflation in the U.S. employment for us. Given your small to middle market positioning the thought that you could benefit, it seems like the defined contribution number of plans has ticked up, specialty benefit sales are strong, can you possibly talk about how you are seeing that in your various different businesses so far this year?
Dan Houston: Yes. So, maybe I will have both Amy and Nora weigh in on that, but to your point, there is also a second element of that and that is whats the impact on Principal itself from wage inflation and the impact it might have on our expenses? And what I would say is I again think we have  we start from a very credible place from wage base. We have always tried to maintain that positioning. And its true with our benefit  its true with our wages and its true in trying to create the right environment, which probably changed the most for us is the need to go out and recruit talent that tends to be at the higher end of the spectrum. So more hiring of people with data scientist backgrounds and some of our digital efforts will come with talent that has a higher wage and if thats impacting Principal, I have to believe other firms are running into that same sort of situation. Well, with that, let me throw to Amy for some additional comments.
Amy Friedrich: Sure, hi, John. Let me give you a couple of perspectives on this. First perspective is, I think we have said before and we are still seeing it happen there is employment growth that is particularly pronounced and positive in the small markets. So, when we isolate out those cases that are in that smaller market for us, maybe employers who employ less than 200 people were seeing a trailing 12-month kind of employment number go up to about 2.3% in terms of that in-group growth, so very healthy metric and that has stayed healthy even post-tax reform. One of the interesting things we are seeing in the marketplace post-tax reform is that we are a market that is near kind of full employment. And so we see small employers asking us about interesting new benefits more than they have even in the past. So leaning into those ancillary benefits with the secondary benefits asking questions about short-term disability and long-term disability when they previously maybe hadnt looked at some of those coverages before. Certainly, there is also interest in accident and critical illness. In the other pieces of the portfolio that can be a really interesting add-on that can attract a workforce. So, Dan talked about that workforce piece. Thats really what we are seeing as well is they are trying to get an attractive benefits package out there for that extended workforce that is really competitive right now.
Dan Houston: Nora, some additional comments?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So, certainly, we are benefiting from those  from the job and the wage growth in RIS fee in our full service retirement business in particular, which is why you see those strong recurring deposit growth, up 7% quarter-over-quarter, why you see this growth not just in participants, up 4%, but also participants with account value. We see employers lifting their match both including the match for the first time and lifting the match, so you see as the positives happen with job and wage growth, we see it coming in through that fundamental growth in our business, which lifts all boats.
Dan Houston: Jim, I think you have some perspective here.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, John. Just to comment from the economics point of view, we have been looking for the last 2 or 3 years of the aggregate data for our customers are small and midsized business customers. And I would tell you very much aligned with your question about a year or two ago, we saw the wage rates in that area going up faster than the economy as a whole. I think that shows partly the phenomenon you are talking about rescaling, upscaling labor shortage I think it also shows a very good proof statement on the fundamental strength of the small and midsized growing business segment.
Dan Houston: Yes, last comment John before I say if you have a follow-up. When I think about Amys business around the business owner executive solutions and nonqualified deferred compensation again an area where it was disrupted by tax reform, it actually has been disrupted in a positive way and we are seeing nice growth there too. So any follow-up questions John?
John Barnidge: Sure, that would be great. Could you talk about the pipeline and market environment for PRT transactions in the last several months since the MetLife material weakness charge and what you are hearing or seeing from a regulatory perspective as well in that market? Thank you very much for your answers.
Dan Houston: Thank you so much. Nora?
Nora Everett: Sure. So in our pension risk transfer business, 1Q was a little light on sales, but we are extremely confident with regard to the pipeline that we see both in the industry, I mean the industry as you probably know is expecting close to $20 billion to $25 billion of opportunity this year. I mean certainly in our pipeline we see that opportunity. So where last year we had record sales of $2.8 billion, we would expect to be looking at that same type of number this year even with that little softer first quarter, because of that industry volume and in particular our opportunities within that $5 million to $500 million space. With regard you asked about from a regulatory perspective, we dont have concerns from that perspective. We talked about that on the last call. We are confident that we are reserved, appropriately reserved and certainly we have significant processes and oversight around lost policyholders. So from that perspective, we will continue to monitor expectations. But from that perspective we are highly confident that we have both the reserve in place and the process in place.
John Barnidge: Thanks Nora.
Dan Houston: Great. Thank you.
Operator: So our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question was can you give a sense for how much AUM you have in these currency affected fixed income strategies with lower basis point yields at this point?
Dan Houston: Yes. Jim please?
Jim McCaughan: Yes. The direct number is dominated by the point that Dan made about being a few billion still with the client that we lost money for in the first quarter. I think thats in terms of what we really know, just about the extent of it. What you dont know is how to choose to currency hedging can evolve with institution. And as you know we have very broad range of clients in 85 countries. Some of those countries will definitely see rising or indeed falling hedging costs. The problem has been that yen and euro interest rates are pinned to zero at he same time as the U.S. rates is rising. Thats really the differential thats determined for hedging cost. So what I would say is its really in the near-term doesnt look like a big problem, but longer term we have to be wary about our foreign investors are investing in U.S. securities and choose to hedge it. There comes a time when either for their economics or for their accounting that begins to look like advantageous to buy U.S. securities. But I think there are natural tensions that will stop the interest rates getting massively out of line. So I dont feel particularly concerned about that beyond the large client that Dan referred to in the script.
Dan Houston: Sure, Ryan the comment in my comments earlier were roughly $3 billion. And again we dont think there is a lot outside of that egg to a hedging strategy. Hopefully, thats helpful?
Ryan Krueger: It is. Thanks. And then other question was can you give some more color on Southeast Asia flows that picked up materially and whats driving that?
Dan Houston: Yes. It really did and we are really excited about that. Luis, do you want to provide some additional insights.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Thanks Ryan for your questions. Certainly our activity in Asia is doing much, much better and we are very pleased about that, flows in Southeast Asia, $800 million in Thailand, in particular clearly for mandates. So we are very pleased about that and certainly a very strong activity in Malaysia, so thats the reason of why. But its a very consistent about what we have been planning Southeast Asia and very consistent with our plans for 2018 in fact.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel of UBS.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning everybody. I have a couple of questions, the first one Dan or Deanna, the total capital deployment range for this year, I know its not really that different from prior years, but the range is still kind of wide, so if I think about what are the external factors or maybe even internal factors that you see are most critical that would move you from the lower end of that deployment range to the upper end?
Dan Houston: Sure. Happy to take first shot at that and then turn it to Deanna that $900 million to $1.3 billion is again you start off at the beginning of the year, you want to leave yourself a bit of light burst we have been on the record to say that the 40% payout of net income which we know has some variability would certainly impact the funding level and have an impact on where it hits within that range. I think the organic growth, we can get pretty close on that one in terms of how we are going to deploy the capital there, but again in that pension risk transfer business, you can use up additional capital. I would say that in the area of acquisitions again, would it make sense and its accretive and we can be opportunistic around capabilities and scale. We want to go after that. Thats probably the largest variable here and of course as we all know the one way we can fill in at the end is relative to share buyback if the opportunity is there and it really fits with our internal model. So, I think its purposely a bit wide to give us a bit more flexibility for making good decisions, but Deanna, additional thoughts?
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think Dan hit it on. I think you know the dividend piece is probably pretty easy for you to estimate and the two that would tend to be more volatile and could end up different than maybe what we thought at the beginning of the year would be around M&A and share buyback. Obviously, share buyback is going to be dependent as we have said on other deployment opportunities as well as valuation. But I think we have a long history of being within or above really what we have stated going into the year, obviously first quarter is a great start relative to that. But those would be the two of the items that would tend to cause us to be at different places within that range.
Dan Houston: John, do you have a follow-up?
John Nadel: Yes, I do. Thank you for the answers to that. I am curious thinking about the group insurance business than going back to the days where tax reform was sort of first discussed or floated. I think Principal was probably one of the first to actually stay pretty specifically that there is an expectation that, that would pass through to the through sales and premium rates pretty quickly such that after-tax margins before reform and after reform would probably look pretty similar. I guess I am curious given the beginning of the year is such a critical part for sales in the group insurance business whether you are already seeing that come through or is it just a little bit too soon?
Dan Houston: Whats your take on that, Amy?
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Its a little bit too soon. And really why I think I am so comfortable kind of talking about this unique to Principal is because when you look at our group benefits business so much of the business we have is on a 1 year rate guarantee. So compared to a lot of our competitors when we are really actively re-pricing every single year and looking at the health of our business and doing the appropriate studies every quarter and every year we tend to really move things into our block, maybe even a bit more quickly than some of our peer competitors. So, I think their answers can be accurate, but again its given their own block. So, a little bit early, but again, we have a high percentage of our block that is annually renewable.
Deanna Strable: John, the other thing I would mention is there is obviously two impacts on pricing relative to tax reform. I think the one that you are focused on is obviously the lowering of the effective tax rate and group benefits and PGI are likely are two businesses within the complex that benefited the most from that. But the other thing it can ignore is that our NAC is contemplating a change in capital requirements that would increase the capital that is needed to back our businesses. And so really as we think about pricing, we need to take into account both of those. I still agree with Amys comment that for group benefits this is probably likely a net positive, but we got to make sure we are understanding both of those impacts not just the effective tax rate change.
Dan Houston: Thanks for your questions, John.
John Nadel: Yes, very much appreciate that. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just on RIS fee, can you give us a sense of what percentage of the account value is in passive options at this point and then how that compares to kind of the new deposits that you are getting? Is there a big difference between those two?
Dan Houston: Yes, thats a good question. Nora, you got those specifics?
Nora Everett: Yes. And I dont have the specifics, but generally, we have a meaningful portion of that portfolio that has been  has always been in path. So  and as we have flows into our CIT Hybrid, the percentage of passive will go up on a relative basis? And what was your second question, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: It was the comparison of the new business versus before and if we can follow-up if you dont have that information?
Nora Everett: Sure. Yes, we can follow-up with specifics, but directionally because of their really strong flows into our target dates we  and extremely strong flows into the hybrid product within the target dates we will see an increase in the underlying account value with regard to passive options, so we will give you the specifics on that.
Dan Houston: Yes. Suneet just as a franchise if we will look at for example as a representative sample of customer global investors about 85% of the assets under management are active, 15% are passive. If you look at the revenues its 97% of the revenues coming from, the active 3% coming from the passive. And I think maybe to reorient your question just a little bit and Nora touched on it, it is necessarily a pure passive target date strategies they are looking for. They are looking for a lower cost strategy and thats where the CITs that are being manufactured by PGI have become sort of the primary vehicle for providing active management at a lower cost. And as you know from our performance numbers, they are very competitive in the marketplace. So thats really become our work horse as opposed to a passive option like an S&P 500 simply being available on the platform because those target date strategies are going to capture work from third to half while those flows into the plans in the first place. So hopefully thats helpful.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. It really does. And then I guess my second question might be a little bit strategic, but as I think about your RIS fee business, its I think almost entirely 401(k) at different employer sizes and when I look across at some of your competitors there seems to be a blend of the 401(k), 457, 403(b) and I guess I am just curious why is it that you guys havent participated in some of those tax-exempt markets where I think the returns might be a little higher on the ROE basis, is that that you are just not setup that way or is there some reason why you havent taken advantage of that part of the market?
Dan Houston: Good question. Nora, do you want to take that one?
Nora Everett: Yes. Actually Suneet, we are quite active in the 403(b) market, the tax exempt market, if  its a priority for us from a strategic perspective. But we play in that space in particular in the employer sponsored plans versus the legacy chassis around an individual annuity model. So that is not part of our strategy. But we certainly, if you think about our total retirement suite, both with the DB and the non-qual or a tax exempt organization, we bring the entire suite to them. So we are a meaningful player and you can call it the 403(b) space, but its actually the tax exempt market where we bring 403(b) as one of the tools, but in addition to that bring the DB and non-qual etcetera. As far as the 457 market thats a pretty unique market and that is not a focus for us under our current strategy. But for sure we are in the tax exempt market in a meaningful way.
Dan Houston: Just a couple, just a quick, I have one there for just a couple of moments. The 457 also tends to be quite large. These are generally municipalities always owe to bid if you will. The kind of low bid gets the deal. And I am not talking about investment options there I am talking about all the other record keeping services. And if you think about how we have oriented our investments around digital, the customer experience is to really try to help employers attract or retain talent or its really state-of-the-art solutions. And that may not be quite as recognized by the buyers in the 457. In that 403(b) market that Nora was describing its based upon individual annuities, but sometimes can come up a little bit higher price, some of that is driven by the fact that a lot of those assets tend to get driven into a guaranteed account which speaks to the higher revenue rates that you are referring to in your comments. Did you have a follow-up?
Suneet Kamath: No, its alright. Thanks.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, first one for Jim, just on flows for PGI, I know you have highlighted the $3 billion currency overlay mandate being at risk, but can you comment I guess just a little more broadly how you see things playing out for the next couple of quarters here, the $6 billion of outflows was kind of startling from just because we havent really seen that level of net outflows at PGI before, do you think we would hit a high watermark there and I realized some of those are low fee, but just from an absolute standpoint do you think  how do you see that looking over the next few quarters?
Dan Houston: Please go ahead Jim.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. Thanks for the question Tom. First thing to say is that we do see a pretty strong pipeline and its a pipeline including some quite good rich revenue mandates. Also incidentally, if you think longer term, some of them with promote structures are multiyear carriers which definitely builds up the value of the business for the longer term. So, on that piece, I feel really confident. I think we are positioned very effectively. I think the performance should make us confident on our retail platforms. Our retail platforms last year between 40 Act ETFs, CITs, uses an SMA and others had a very substantial, very steady $4 million and change last year of inflows and remained positive in the first quarter. So, thats sort of building up business by gradual flows and I feel very good about that.
Dan Houston: I dont want to go, come down and make a very tight prediction about what happens as a result of currency hedging, particularly in the developed world. I think that there is still risk and that is the risk for all large asset managers. But I take some comfort from the fact that even in those hedged markets, we have things like real estate debt, we have high yields, we have REITs, we have income biased strategies, which have a high enough expected return to absorb the current hedging costs or even any likely hedging cost. So, I feel cautiously optimistic, but I dont want to promise you that this is going to be our only bad quarter foreclosed.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thats good. Yes, thanks Dan. So, I guess my follow-ups Nora, can you talk a bit about fee compression in 401(k), I guess your revenue yield was down a little bit this quarter, but how do you see and I think every 1Q you see a little bit of that I presume maybe thats just simple re-pricing and I know  I think there is a fewer one less fee day in the quarter. But can you talk more broadly about whats going on there? I think you mentioned the vast majority of your fees are based on AUM, can you quantify it all? How much are actually based on non-AUM factors like per participant and is that changing at all?
Deanna Strable: Sure. So, Tom, we have got the vast majority of our full service business is tied to account value, very small amount which would not be tied to account value, so thats number one. Number two to your point on a sequential we definitely saw the impact of some re-pricing 1:1 around our investment portfolio so that sequential drop was fewer days, but also some re-pricing. But to your prior question and we talked about this before, we certainly and this is industry not just Principal, but there has been a longstanding trend, where we expect to see this gap between account value growth and revenue growth and we have generally talked 4% to 8%, sometimes it will be more, sometimes it will be less quarter-to-quarter can be noisy, because of revenue timing, but if you look at overall product mix, if you look at overall asset mix, if you look at competitive pricing, that is certainly impacting this gap, which is the discussion we have been having. So, there are no surprises here to us with regard to the results. The underlying growth of the business is extremely strong. So, what you see there  when you see that lift in recurring deposits, when you see the lift that we have talked about planned count, participant count, etcetera that is extremely strong and that is whats going to drive the growth of this business.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Appreciate your question.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Appreciate your questions very much today. Our focus really does remain on delivering value to our customers and shareholders. I have a lot of confidence that the business model that we have in integrated and diversified approach to the serving the needs of the customer is still the right model, strong investment performance and were frankly in the asset classes that are going to be in high demand. And the other thing I love about the business model, its a global business model, much of what we are selling here, we are leveraging in and around the rest of the world. So, we will continue to differentiate for our customers and delivering long-term shareholder value and look forward to seeing many of you on the road here in the next few months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day May 4, 2018. 4782916 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial-in for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for international callers. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP, IR Dan Houston - CEO Deanna Strable - CFO Nora Everett - President, Retirement and Income Solutions Jim McCaughan - President, Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes - President, Principal International Amy Friedrich - President of U.S. Insurance Solutions Timothy Dunbar - EVP and CIO
Analysts: John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs Eric Bass - Autonomous Research Tom Gallagher - Evercore Suneet Kamath - Citi Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter conference call. As always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. I'd like to mention a few changes to our fourth quarter materials. To comply with recent SEC guidance on non-GAAP financial measures, we've changed our operating earnings label to non-GAAP operating earnings on both the pre-tax and after-tax basis at the total company level. The calculation of these measures has not changed. Additionally on Page 16, our financial supplement, we've updated the assets under management detail for Principal Global Investors. The Principal Global Investors sourced AUM schedule includes all AUM sourced by PGI including the previously denoted institutional AUM and U.S. mutual funds AUM. In 2015, we've changed our reporting structure to move our mutual fund business into PGI and since then have further integrated the distribution channels and fund platforms. The new PGI sourced AUM schedule provides a better reflection of how we view PGI. The U.S. mutual funds and EPS AUM schedule has been updated as well, and we'll provide the breakdown of the sourced of the AUM PGI sourced and sourced by other entities of PFG. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; Amy Friedrich, U.S. Insurance Solutions; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statement within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The Company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Dan.
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll share highlights for the year and key accomplishments that positioned us for continued growth. Then, Deanna will provide details on the impacts of U.S. tax reform, our financial results and capital deployment. 2017 was another very good year for Principal despite fourth quarter results. As Deanna will cover in more detail, the fourth quarter non-GAAP operating earnings reflects higher expenses and taxes, low performance fees in PGI and accelerated investments in our digital strategies. I see full year results, as a much better indicator accompanying performance and a source of continued confidence in our ability to deliver on 2018 guidance, we provided and our outlook call last month. In 2017, we subsequently expanded our distribution network and a ray of retirement, investment and protection solutions. We enhanced our digital capabilities and we made important progress in key market including Brazil, Chile, China, India and Mexico. It was a year where we continue to produce strong growth, balanced investments in our businesses with expense discipline, be good stewards of shareholder capital and deliver value to our customers, drive improvement in our communities and be a great place to work for our employees. Just after year end, we received some notable recognition, we ranked number sixth in Forbes list of the best employers for diversity, and we made Fortunes list of World's Most Admire Companies. At nearly $1.5 billion, we delivered record non-GAAP operating earnings in 2017, with double-digit growth compared to 2016. We grew assets under management or AUM by $77 billion or 13% to a record $669 billion at year end, providing a solid foundation for growth in 2018. Throughout the year, our asset management franchise received dozens of best fund awards in Chile, China, Hong Kong, India, Europe, Malaysia, Mexico and the U.S. from organizations including Bloomberg, MorningStar and Thomson Reuters Lipper. For a sixth consecutive year, we are recognized as one of pension investments and best places to work in money management. Most recently Principal Millennials ETF made investment news list of best performing international ETFs, topping the world large stock category with a 41% gain in 2017. In the fourth quarter, Willis Towers Watson released research on the world's largest asset managers, Principal tied for the tenth fastest growing firms within the top 50 based on compounded annual AUM growth of 12% from 2011 through 2016. We moved up 13 spots over the five year period to number 38. For our MorningStar-rated funds, 68% of fund level AUM had a four or five star rating as of year-end. Further as shown on Slide 5, our longer-term MorningStar investment performance remains very strong. At year end, 83% of Principal mutual funds, ETFs separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above meeting for five years performance, 69% above median for three years performance and 76% above median for one-year performance. 2017 was our eighth consecutive year of positive total company net cash flows with a $122 billion over this period. This result underscores strong diversification by investor type, asset class and geography, strong integration of our businesses enabling us to meet investor needs as they transition from accumulation into retirement, and the value we can deliver to investors through fundamental active management including equities, fixed income and alternatives including real estate. At $7 billion, our full year net cash flows were down substantially from a year ago. As discussed on prior calls, much of the decline from 2016 reflects softness in the first half of the year with significant improvement in the second half of the year. Principal International's net cash flows were nearly $3 billion higher in the second half of 2017 than the first half of the year, with meaningful improvement in Brazil, Chile, and Southeast Asia. We are particularly pleased to see net cash flows in Chile turned positive during the fourth quarter. While not included in the reported numbers, net cash flows in our joint venture with China Construction Bank also rebounded strongly in the second half, bringing full year net cash flows in China to more than $18 billion. Again, these assets are primarily short term in nature, but with over $100 billion in positive net cash flows in China joint venture over the past three years, two points were clear, the magnitude of the opportunity in the China and the immeasurable value of having CCB as our partner. Principal Global Investors' sourced net cash flows including institutional retail also rebounded substantially in the second half of the year improving more than $4.5 billion compared to the first half. That said, PGI net cash flows were negative in the fourth quarter and for the year, primarily reflecting loss of several large lower fee mandates. Importantly though, our focus on revenue has enabled PGI to deliver strong growth in management fees despite ongoing pressure on fees for the industry. Moving to RIS-Fee in our core, small, to medium sized business market, we continue to deliver net cash flows near the top of the targeted range of 1% to 3%, beginning of year account values. However, higher large case withdrawals drove RIS-Fee full year net cash flows below the 1% to 3% target in total. Importantly, the fundamentals of business remains strong as evidenced by our meaningful growth in planned count, participants and reoccurring deposits that increased 6% to a record $20 billion in 2017. For both RIS-Fee and PGI, we continue to expect larger institutional deposits and withdrawals to occur unevenly overtime, which will create both quarterly and annual volatility in net cash flows. Nonetheless, we remain confident in our ability to attract retain business. We have now outstanding array of solutions and we positioned ourselves to capitalize on markets with substantial growth potential. Net cash flows remain important, but we continue to focus on revenue growth. This means delivering better client outcomes and differentiating through value added specialties, solutions and alternative investments. I'll now share a few execution highlights starting with our efforts to expand and enhance our investment platform through a continued focus on outcomes, diversification, asset allocation, downside risk management, and cost effective alternatives to pure passive management. In 2017, we've launched more than 50 new funds in total across Southeast Asia, China and Latin America responding to increasing local retail and institutional demand through multi-asset and income generating solutions. We had several new launches and are double in platform as well, notably more than doubling sales on this platform from year ago to $5 billion, generating nearly $2.5 billion of positive net cash flow for the year. On our U.S. platform, we've launched four new ETFs in the fourth quarter and a total seven for the year, bringing us to a dozen ETF strategies in the market as of yearend. Our ETF franchise surpassed both the $1 billion and $2 billion milestones in 2017, moving us up seven spots on ETF lead tables and placing us in the top 30 as of yearend. We also remain highly focused on digital solutions and made some noteworthy progress. In 2017, we launched a new account aggregation tool. This provides retirement plan participants, a more holistic view of their finances and more accurate estimation of their retirement readiness. We also launched a first of its kind retirement modeling planner, using real-time data, plan sponsors and advisors can assess retirement plan health, see how the plan design features impact participant retirement readiness and estimate cost associated with changes to the plan design. And we continue to make enhancements to our digital education and enrollment resources within our retirement and group benefits businesses, enabling an increasing number of workers to take important steps towards financial security. In the fourth quarter, we began accelerating our investment and the digital business strategies discussed in our 2018 outlook call, more to come in 2018, as we intensify our focus on, the customer experience, direct consumer offerings and our global investment research platform. Moving to distribution, we continue to advance our multi-channel, multi-product approach. In 2017, we increased a number of firms producing at least $2 billion in sales from five to six and achieved a double-digit increase in the number of firms producing at least a $0.5 billion in sales. We made tremendous progress in getting our investment on recommended list and model portfolios. We earned a total of 72 placements in 2017, getting us over 40 different options on more than 2 dozen third-party platforms with success across the asset classes. As highlighted through our 2017, we've had a number of important distribution developments. As part of the broader efforts to expand our distribution resources, weve opened an office in Zurich. We also added and expanded upon several key distribution relationships, most notably Alibaba. Our top 10 firms now average more than 5.5 products per platform. During the fourth quarter, we launched a fully digital pension product platform in Brazil and after regulatory approval will be owned through a joint venture with BB Seguridade. This was just a prelude to a much broader effort by Principal to introduce digital sales led by its platforms that support advisors as they seek asset allocation models to use portfolio construction and support individuals through simple, affordable, direct consumer solutions for protection, retirement and other long-term savings needs. In closing again 2017 was a year of strong growth for Principal and a year of meaningful progress. Competitive environmental challenges remain, but we go forward from a position of strength, with outstanding fundamentals and the benefit of broad diversification. I look for us to continue to build on the momentum in 2018 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders. Deanna.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, Ill discuss the impacts of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or tax reform on fourth quarter results and on our effective tax rate guidance for 2018. The key contributors to our financial performance for the quarter and full year, and capital deployment in our capital position at year end. As you know, U.S. tax reform was signed into law late last year. The net financial impact shown on Slide 6 were reflected in other after-tax adjustments and excluded from non-GAAP operating earnings. The impacts included a $626 million benefit from the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liability and $57 million of higher tax expense, including $43 million from the one-time deemed repatriation tax on foreign earnings. Tax reform did not have a material impact on our 2017 estimated risk based capital formula or statutory surplus, and we remain confident in our ability to deploy our targeted $900 million to $1.3 billion of capital in 2018. Non-GAAP operating earnings ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation declined approximately 40 basis points at year-end due to tax reform, as the net benefit increased our equity base. As shown on the bottom of Slide 6, we've updated our 2018 effective tax rate guidance to reflect the total company impacts of tax reform. The total company non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate guidance range is now 18% to 21%. This should increase our 2018 non-GAAP operating earnings by approximately 3% over 2017. Moving to financial results, net income attributable to Principal was $842 million for fourth quarter 2017, compared to $318 million in the year ago quarter. The increase was primarily a result of the $568 million net benefit from tax reform. In addition during the fourth quarter, we made a $70 million pre-tax contribution to the Principal Foundation, reflecting our strong financial position and our long history of charitable giving. For the full year 2017, net income was a record $2.3 billion, including a record $1.5 billion of non-GAAP operating earnings, the benefit from tax reform and the gain from the third quarter real estate transaction. At $47 million for the year, credit losses remain below our pricing assumptions. We've reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $351 million for the fourth quarter 2017 or a $1.19 per diluted share. On a full year basis, excluding the impacts of the annual assumption reviews, non-GAAP operating earnings increased 10% from 2016, reflecting continued strong execution and favorable equity markets. A majority of the quarter's results can be explained by a few items higher operating expenses, timing of taxes and lower performance fees in PGI. As in prior years, we saw an increase in fourth quarter operating expenses compared to the other quarters, primarily in compensation and other expenses. In total, operating expenses were elevated by about $80 million to $90 million from the average quarter in 2017 and can be attributed to three factors, seasonality in timing, one-time items, and increased investments in the business. Slightly more than half of the total was due to seasonality and timing of expenses including branding, benefit cost, M&A transaction fees, variable sales expenses and back amortization. In regard to the timing of expenses, the first three quarters of the year benefited from lower expenses while fourth quarter was impacted by higher expenses. Approximately 25% was due to one-time or higher than normal expenses including a guarantee fund assessment and incentive and stock-based compensation. These are not expected to continue at the same level into 2018. The remainder was increased investment in our businesses including the beginning of our accelerated business in digital business strategies. In addition to the higher operating expenses in the quarter the quarter, the timing of taxes particularly between third and fourth quarter negatively impacted the fourth quarter by approximately $15 million. Our full year total company non-GAAP operating earnings effective tax rate was in line with our expectations. In the fourth quarter, mortality and morbidity were slightly favorable overall, a benefit to Individual Life, Mutual to Specialty benefits but a negative to IRS-Spread primarily our pension risks transfer business. On an annual basis, mortality and morbidity were in line with our expectations for all our impacted businesses. We view the total company items I discussed earlier, expenses and timing of taxes, as normal quarterly fluctuations that level out over longer periods of time. The only significant variance in the fourth quarter was lower than expected encaje performance of $6 million on a pre-tax basis. In my following comments, on business standard results, I will exclude the significant variances from both periods in my comparison. Taking into account the impacts from mortality, morbidity and the elevated operating expenses in the quarter, fourth quarter pre-tax earnings for RIS-Spread, Individual Life and Specialty Benefits were in line with our expectations. For the year, excluding the impacts of the annual assumption reviews, our spread and risk businesses were within our better than the guided revenue in margin ranges. Together, spread and risk accounted for nearly 40% of total company non-GAAP pre-tax operating earnings, reflecting a combined 10% increase in pre-tax operating earnings from 2016. As shown on Slide 7, RIS-Fees pre-tax operating earnings of a $127 million increased 2% compared to the year ago quarter. Now, revenue growth of 3% was driven by a 9% increase in fees in other revenue, partially offset by a lower net investment income. Additionally, the current quarter was impacted by the higher operating expenses described earlier. Excluding the impacts of the annual assumption reviews, full year 2017 pre-tax operating earnings increased 9% over the prior year, primarily driven by higher account values. Both revenue growth and margin metrics ended the year at the top end or higher than our 2017 guided ranges. Slide 9 shows Principal Global Investors' pre-tax operating earnings of a $124 million. Compared to the prior year quarter, 10% growth in management fees was offset by the anticipated lower performance fees. Full year 2017 pre-tax return on operating revenue less pass-through commissions was 37%, at the high end of our 2017 guided range. Operating revenue less pass-through commissions increased 5% despite a large decline in performance fees. Ill refer back to Dans point, regarding our focus on revenues. Despite industry pressure on fees, we grew management fees in line within an 8% growth in average AUM in 2017. In the fourth quarter, we announced the planned acquisition of Internos. This will give us a platform to combine and leverage our real estate expertise throughout Europe. We are still on track to close in the first half of 2018. Turning to Slide 10, Principal International's pre-tax operating earnings of $84 million increased 9% over the year ago quarter. Earnings from growth in the business was partially offset by the higher operating expenses discussed earlier. Excluding the impact of the annual assumption reviews, variance from expected encaje performance and a one-time expense in Mexico in second quarter, Principal International's 2017 combined pre-tax return on net revenue was 38% and combined net revenue increased 13%, both were within the 2017 guided ranges. Consistent with our international growth strategy, we've recently announced three planned acquisitions in Principal International. All three are slated to close in the first half of 2018. As announced in October, the planned acquisition of MetLife's Afore business will provide additional scale and distribution strength in the mandatory pension business in Mexico. At the beginning of 2018, we announced that we planned to take full ownership of the Principal Punjab National Bank Asset Management Company in India. We have been in India for nearly 20 years and have been increasing our ownership overtime. This transaction gives us greater economy in executing our strategic business plans in India. Finally, we also announced the plan to increase our ownership in our asset management joint ventures in Southeast Asia with CIMB. Once complete, our ownership will be 60% positioning us to better leverage our retirement and global asset management capabilities in the region. We are excited about these opportunities and in total we expect these transactions to be accretive to 2018 earnings. Moving to Corporate, pre-tax operating losses of $61 million were higher than our expected run-rate due to the higher operating expenses discussed earlier. For the full year, corporate losses were in line with our 2017 guidance and the losses can be volatile in any given quarter. Fourth quarter reported non-GAAP operating earnings ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment and excluding the impacts from the annual assumption reviews was 14.1%, a 50 basis points decline from a year ago. This decline primarily reflects the higher equity base due to the impacts of tax reform and the gain on the third quarter real estate transaction. Our estimated risk based capital formula was 445% at year-end. This is above our targeted range of 415% to 425% primarily due to the real estate transaction in third quarter. Our goal remains to bring the RBC ratio back to our targeted range over the next several quarters through strategic capital deployment opportunities. As outlined on Slide 13, we take a balanced approach to capital deployment. Our goal is to deploy between 65% and 70% of net income per year with variability in any given quarter. In 2017, we deployed $913 million of capital or 68% of net income excluding the net income impacts from tax reform in the third quarter real estate transaction. Full year 2017, capital deployments included $540 million in common stock dividends, a $193 million in share repurchases and a $180 million through the planned MetLife Afore and Internos acquisitions and increased ownership of our investment boutiques. The full year common stock dividend was a $1.87 per share, a 16% increase over 2016 as we continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio. Last night, we announced the $0.02 increase in our common stock dividend payable in the first quarter, bringing the dividend to $0.51 per share. Despite the fourth quarter results, I am very pleased with our strong financial results for the full year, a better indicator of our performance. Looking ahead to 2018, I want to remind to you that the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter for earnings due to dental and vision claims in Specialty Benefits and elevated payroll taxes in PGI. As a reminder, the accelerated investment in our digital business strategies will flow through the business unit results and the investment may occur unevenly throughout the year. While included in our guided ranges, it will likely cost 2018 margins to decline from 2017 levels. We anticipate the tax reform will have a positive impact on an already strong economy and on our target market of small to medium sized businesses whether through wage inflation, employment growth, additional growth in the economy, or by enabling companies to offer new or enhanced benefit packages. 2018 wont be without its challenges, but we are excited about the prospects a new year brings and remain confident in our ability to execute on our strategy to continue to deliver above market growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And the first question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: My question, your RBC ratio saw no material impact from charges and that contrast some peers this quarter. One, has this combined with tax reform change for appetite on M&A impossibly shifted it from being more international and focused to possibly more domestic and focus? And then the second part of the question is, how would tax reform in the rearview mirror now, are you seeing a large increase in interest from clients increase their employee benefits whether it'd be medial, life or retirement?
Dan Houston: Yes, John, thanks for the question this morning. Ill take maybe the impact as it relates to acquisitions and client behavior and then through it over to Deanna. I would say that the fundamentals of our criteria, for making acquisitions, has to do with building our scalar capabilities whether thats international or domestic, and I don't see that having a material impact. I think generally we have thought that most of our domestic businesses are at scale, and over the years, we have added to some capabilities. International, you have seen us most recently start making the move on acquiring larger shares and stakes to gain majority control. Thats what you saw in the case of CIMB and certainly more control now with Punjab National Bank. I think as it relates to the benefits, I just was speaking with an employer earlier this week, yesterday, about tax reform and it seemed to fallen to three buckets. One was what the anticipate was increase in benefits, as you say whether its volunteer or matching contributions, although and working with Nora and her team, we have not yet seen a material change in matching contributions. But his view was that, yes, we would continue to make those sorts of investments. The second was in the business itself. I don't know if it's just us who's having to make an investment in digital. I think it goes across every industry and every sector. And the last one frankly and its a public traded company, they talked about flowing back to investors. And so with that, let me turn over to Deanna to hit the RBC ratio itself.
Deanna Strable: Good morning. John. Thanks for the question. A couple of things Ill mention there and you're right, we did have a, a very minimal impact on our RBC formula from tax reform. Despite the DTA at the total company level that caused the significant gain in the quarter, we did have a DTA in our life companies. But as we re-measure that DTA and took into account the amount of that, that was admitted, it only had about $30 million or 3 percentage point impact on our risk based capital. I think a wildcard going forward is obviously our current risk based capital formula does have a provision for tax rate, and it's likely that the NAC at some point could update that. And we've talked about it in the past that impacts would impact all the insurance companies and we estimate about 65 percentage point impact just from that. Having said that there is other moving pieces within the formula that NAC is contemplating and the timing of that as well as rating agency reaction is unclear. I think to kind a wrap it up, I feel, we're in a very strong capital position. Our risk based capital is at a very strong level as well as the capital that we have throughout the complex. So, we feel confident that we can withstand any impact of tax reform on our capital position in RBC going forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First question on flows. I was just interested in your outlook for flows in the fee business, and any competitive pressure that you've seen that you characterize as incremental? And would you expect to sort of have to pass-through tax benefits there? And I guess considering DRD is going away to some degree, will that kind of result in less of that through the segment?
Dan Houston: Yes, so good question Alex. Appreciate that. And I've said broadly and I'm going to ask Nora and Jim and Luis, all to weigh in on your question related to net cash flow because it is important. I would give you the overarching response to this though in that. And Deanna mentioned in her prepared comments, it has far more to do with the revenue growth and operating earnings and margins than perhaps it does on net cash flow. These would become quite uneven for a variety of different reasons. And as I reflect on your question related to net cash flow, it's in the large case market where we see the most volatility. It is in the group benefits business for premium. It is in the retirement business it's institutional asset management and full service payout. So, we need to orient ourselves that we're going to see volatility and net cash flow. But with that, let me throw it over to Nora to specifically talk about full service.
Nora Everett: Sure. Good morning, Alex. Yes, on the RIS-Fee side, full service, our full service retirement business. As we've talked about the last couple of calls, net cash flow has been impacted there by just a handful of larger cases. And in fact I spoke to one really large case for our block, and that out has actually been split between the after transfer there between 4Q about $800 million on that case, went on 4Q and actually about $1 billion on that case went out in 1Q '18. We saw it was north of 1.5 a quarter ago with the equity market rise at that about 1.8. So, we're going to continue to see lumpiness in the net cash flow at the large end of the case flow as Dan points out. But we're extremely pleased with our core SMB segment and the net cash flow there that remains well within that 1% to 3% metric that we used at the beginning of the year account value for the full year. And we're confident going into this year that, we see the momentum in that core SMB net cash flow as well. It doesn't mean that there isn't going to be lumpiness ins and outs at the larger end of our block, but certainly when we look at this revenue growth to Dans point and focus on that, it's this core SMB net cash flow that were very focused on.
Dan Houston: Jim, you will take a crack at PGI.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, certainly. Thank you, and thanks for the question, Alex. I could illustrate this I think by talking about two of late in the year client movements, one in outflow, one inflow. The outflow was for a currency mandate where the AUM was $1.2 billion that one-time in December, so it's $1.2 billion. The revenue on that was just over $200,000 a year. In other words, it was a very straight forward rather in a sense commoditize mandate. The other big one in December, was in inflow, $600 million for a large pension clients into international small cap with the revenue there being $3 million a year. I think that illustrates the fact that, the specialty asset classes that we are running which Dan refer to, have still got quite rich revenues and have a pretty good pipeline. And thats the underlying reason for my confidence that we can continue with pretty good revenue growth particularly management fee growth. So, I feel pretty confident that the pipeline remains strong, and so you will see quite unpredictable results in particular quarters as regards to lows, but the underlying revenue development for PCI is in much better -- is in really very good shape.
Dan Houston: Luis, you had nice quarter. You want to give some additional color on, maybe sort of your outlook and how things are going in Asia and Latin America?
Luis Valdes: Okay, sure Dan. Alex, let me tell you that were very pleased about our $2.5 billion of net customer cash flows in the fourth quarter. And if you are looking quarter-over-quarter and you are looking one-year back, we are very pleased because the quality of that $2.5 billion are much, much better than the one that we had one year ago. Pretty much more one year ago, we would rely on just on Brazil. Now, you could see there is a $1.9 billion coming from LATAM, and $0.6 billion is coming from Asia. And that is not counting the other 7 billion that we had in China which is quite of our combined net customer cash flow. So I would say that we are pretty much more back to normal. I would say that 2 billion to 2.5 billion is a pretty much more our run rate for fourth quarter. Certainly, the first quarter in 2018 every single first quarter is a little bit kind of low because we have summer time in Brazil, summer time in LATAM. So, we have to be a little bit conscious about that, but we are very pleased to see that all our operations and companies and countries are putting positive net customer cash flows.
Dan Houston: Alex, I would say to just answer that, last part of your questions around. Impact on tax benefits in DRD, frankly when you took the reserves, the DAC and the DRD, although the composition might be a little bit differently weighted, it wasnt a material change. So, I dont see that has any significant impact on us. As it relates to the foreign tax credit, it would certainly have to go onto your valuation models on acquisitions, if we're not going to have is a favorable of a tax situation. So thats something well have to work through internally. Did you have a follow up?
Alex Scott: Yes, maybe if I could just sneak one more in, on the pension business. We had a competitor announced that they were improving processes around finding new [dents] where contact information have been lost and there was an assumption in their reserve, I guess associated with, whether does would end up being paid out. Can you just provide some commentary on what you guys assume in your reserves for the pension business and your process around finding "missing an evidence"?
Dan Houston: Yes, it is an important matter for customer. It's something we take out it very seriously and I'll ask Nora to speak it specifically on our full service payout business.
Nora Everett: Sure. So, Alex, familiar with the competitor situation, we obviously can't speak to the details. But when we look at our block both with regard to the pension risk transfer reserves and the DB reserves, we're very confident that we're holding adequate reserves for those two businesses. We've had processes and procedures in place and their design to locate this thing around response of individuals. And we use both internal and external sources. So our confidence level is high. Certainly, we'll continue to monitor the situation.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Bass with Autonomous Research.
Eric Bass: I guess first just one, on taxes and employee benefits, specifically, and we've heard at least one competitor, their talk about passing along the benefit from tax reform in terms of lower pricing. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about after-tax margins and pricing in that business?
Dan Houston: Yes, that's fine. Amy, you want to take a correct at that?
Amy Friedrich: Sure, hi, Eric. I think when you have a business that is reliant as we do in terms of the small to medium sized marketplace on your manual rate. What we do is, we do study on a continual basis that look at the expenses of our business the clean patterns, and do those on a quarterly, on an annual basis. And so, what happens is you end up picking up things like a tax rate fairly quickly and moving it into your pricing. So, I would see in especially for people who are using and reliant on more of a manual kind of that small case rating and they look at their block consistently. They would move into that pricing fairly consistently. Now, you can always hold some things off for profit and make some discrete decisions. But I would say living the market kind a to itself, it would be reasonable to assume that some of that is not all of that benefit over the period of the time, a year, 18 months, two years would come back into pricing competitiveness.
Dan Houston: I think the reality is, there are so many variables that go into the pricing. This is just one component, the grand scheme of things that are relatively small component. Did you have a follow up, Eric?
Eric Bass: Dan, thank you. That's helpful. I was just hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the recent acquisitions or changes in ownership stakes in Principal International, and just thinking about the incremental growth opportunity you see by having more control, and maybe a little bit more detail on what the expected earnings contribution is?
Dan Houston: I'm glad you asked the question. I'm going to ask both Luis and Jim to speak to CIMB and also Internos because we're excited about those opportunities. As it relates to CIMB, the thing I'd like to say is they have been a wonderful partner to work with for over 10 years. And we think of them as very capable partners and good distribution partners. By going to more than 50% or taking ownership a majority stake in CIMB is going to allow actually the Luis's Principal International team to pull in more Jim's Resources with Principal Global Investors, as we look at that area in a broader context. So, I look at it as a much bigger pie for the organization to go after across the broad range of options across our entire sleeve of asset classes. So, again, we're very enthusiastic about that, but let me ask Luis to talk further about those acquisitions.
Luis Valdes: Yes, let me tell you that we're very excited in order to get additional control over our franchise in Southeast Asia. Just to feature you, were talking about a footprint that we cover almost 350 million people, with that footprint, in the region which is growing every year around a 4.5%, 5% year-over-year. So, its a very vivid kind of a part of the planet. And what we are doing is taking control of than fit, in order to speed up our process and our growth, not just in Malaysia, certainly in Thailand and Indonesia and Singapore jointly with Jim with PGI. We have had a tremendous corner in the last years with CIMB, but it seems to be that we just finish the first phase which was really to establish thats a premium in the region, so we have really need more things like operational staff and knowledge about those markets. But going forward, it's pretty much more about asset management expertise, pension expertise, long-term saving products, distribution and digital. So it seem to me that is, if this kind of transaction is open up for many, many future opportunities for us.
Dan Houston: Jim, you want to talk a little bit about your enthusiasm for European commercial real estate, now that complements our business.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. For the last -- thank you. For the last 20 years, Principal has been very focused on U.S. commercial real estate both private equity and private debt. And that's on the ground, but if you focus youll probably be better, will be very, very strong. We got to a point though for our leading position in U.S., commercial real estate, is leading to specific clients, asking us to do things for them around the world. And we have already started doing that, in a modest way, before the Internos acquisition. The Internos acquisition brings us a pan-European group that can be highly integrated into our real estate efforts. Dont think of it as a typical semiautonomous boutique. I think if it is Principal real estate investors Europe and that will enable us to provide very high quality services across Europe as well as the United States. And thats in the end I think is going to be a very important step towards globalizing our already leading real estate franchise. And thus Internos, if you can forgive me for a comment on CIMB, it fits within Principal International, but we are really one company a Principal. We are working very close on the asset management function. And the fact that we have taken a majority stake or are taking majority stake in the CIMB joint venture, there is a lot more control and a lot more leverage about the management to the assets and we will be able to make some in effect parts of our global asset management platform. We believe that a strong local player, with access to best global practices in all our resources, we will do even better than not already successful partnership has been doing so far.
Dan Houston: To your last question, Eric, around what it means from a financial perspective? I guess the best way I think about that, as you look at our 2018 outlook, youd have anticipated these moves and I would say that they are baked into what we have already provided you. So appreciate the question. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Q - TomGallaghe: Just wanted to make sure I understood the way you're thinking about the RAS flows going forward, the 1% to 3% and I know you've targeted historically. Is that not a good range to think about, considering whats going on, on a large case more the way we should think about the non-large case business for 2018? Any clarity there would be appreciated?
Dan Houston: Yes, Tom. Appreciate the question. I guess the way I would respond to that and I'll throw it to Nora here in a second. That 1% to 3% really works well with that core SMB market. Think about fewer than 1000 employees. But then if you start having plans with 5000, 10,000, 15,000 planned participants and the turnover in those plants will then measured in billions is one introduced that element of volatility. But when I step back and look at that business line in total, they grew their participants by nearly 140,000 plus, they grew the number of plants this past year by over 800. They hit their marks within this SMB market with the 1% to 3%. So this really can be isolated to be the institutional element and by definition, it's going to be a volatile. But I'll have Nora to clean that up for me.
Nora Everett: Yes. As a reminder Tom, we talked about this before, but the equity markets put pressure on AV base percentage. Those withdrawal amounts are driven and hired by the market growth where our payroll based contributions obviously are not. So the percentage itself gets materially impacted by the lift in the market. But that to Dan's point, when you look at the impacted 1Q this year by the $1 billion the large case that has an outflow. There is already pressure on that metric. But if you strip that out and take a look at the overall block, you're still going to see that core SMB well within that range, that's our expectation anyway sitting here today. But there could be one or two outflows at the larger end of our block that would take us in total down to the lower end of that range. So we're just going to have to watch those variables. We'll obviously be as transparent as we've been historically, but it is a tough metrics to cover the entire block.
Dan Houston: Tom, do you have a follow up?
Tom Gallagher: Yes. And so, Nora, just following up on that. So, it sounds like based on from the pipeline you're seeing today, you would still be overall including large scale in positive in net flows, but towards the lower end of the 1 to 3. Is that fair assessment based on what you know right now?
Nora Everett: That's fair assessment based on sitting here today, absolutely.
Operator: So, next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just want to follow up on the tax rate. I don't want to get too technical, but if we think about the 18% to 21% guidance that you've given for 2018 that's a little bit higher than I think what we were modeling. So is there any way that you could maybe attribute the decline from the 21 to 23 to the 18 to 21 in terms of just the big moving pieces.
Dan Houston: Sure, Deanna, do you want to take that?
Deanna Strable: Yes I'll take that. You're correct, we've previously have guided to the 21 to 23. Our new total company effective tax rate is 18 to 21. As you might expect, there is a lot of moving pieces underneath that, but let me just highlight I believe the most three significant. First of all, obviously the tax rate is reducing from 35 down to 21. We have BRD that reduced around 60%. So, historically, we'd have had about 8% to 10% benefit on our ETR now in that 3% to 4% range. And probably, the one that is harder for you to model and get your hands around, is really how the tax rates of our foreign jurisdictions go into our effective tax rate. And so, obviously, all of the jurisdictions that we are in have a tax rate in there. Previously, we had a foreign tax credit, and now we don't have a foreign tax credit, and we take in actually the tax rate for those foreign jurisdictions. Id say that probably caused about a 4% to 5% swing where previously it was helping our ETR by 2% to 3%. And now it's reversed to probably about a 2% increase in our ETR. So, I'd say those are the major moving pieces of that, and ultimately what got us to that 18% to 21%, but obviously well continue to look at that going forward. But those would be the major parts of that.
Dan Houston: You have a follow-up.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thats helpful. I just wanted to follow-up on the large case RSI-Fee questioning. I had thought previously when you talked about those terminations, a lot of that was driven by M&A, but anything that the tone on this as a little different? Maybe I am wrong, but just wanted to look on that how and just see whats going on in that larger case market. Is it tight competition? Is it people folding in tax rate declines into their pricing? And whats driving some of that commentary?
Dan Houston: I dont know anybody has done that. I would still say, you have got really three buckets when you think about why you might lose a piece of business. M&A is still and far away the biggest one, in the large case market, where we were the -- we our customer was acquired and often times they go to the larger or they acquired company. And that represents about half of it. Just as a side note on that, really small to medium size business, business is a lot of business and we --there is new plant formation. We are certainly benefit there but thats also another place where we lose it. The second area is in some way for whatever reason we underperformed from a customer service investment performance that hold gamut of products and services. I would tell you thats the smallest bucket, weve queried ourselves extensively, we hire third parties to evaluate how we are performing for our customers and lot of that, is publicly available information, so we feel like we are doing a really good job in that category. And then I think, this third area has to do with whether or not there is a perception, that you have the right sort of capabilities around technology or robo, or they in fact one have complete open architecture and in those cases we may not be the most competitive offering out there. But again, a lot of these large case markets exclusively focused on, we were on the losing end of M&A and Nora, you want to add to that.
Nora Everett: Yes, one just and this is a very practical aspects of our business. You can have a key decision make or change. You can have an advisor or consultant change. So, we see day to day that can have as much impact as whether you are talking about service levels or pricing, so there is just a practical aspects of this business that comes into play.
Suneet Kamath: You mentioned the tone of the call. I have no reason to believe at this point. S so there is somehow our offering isnt as is competitive, the performance is not as good, but I think it's been normal mix, it just turns out that you have got one or two cases here actually very large in size, mega plans, that is distorted the results not one for the quarter but the year?
Nora Everett: Our retention rates remain remarkably high. We have very, very strong retention at the plan sponsor levels. So to Dans point, were highlighting these larger cases because they are impacting that cash flow, but the retention on the block is extremely strong and industry leading.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First, on PGI your performance fees were low in 4Q and I think that was expected just given your contracts or earn outs were structured. Can you comment on what your expectation is for this in 2018? And then on the international business, maybe if Luis, could just talk about the competitive and regulatory environment in Chile, it seems like there were some headwinds with MetLife lowering prices and political pressure, but the elections gone in the right directions and seems like those might be a bidding, but what's you're seeing in the market?
Dan Houston: Yes, two early good questions and as you know with the presidential election in Chile things perhaps are better for business probably define. But why don't we take them in the same order Jim, you want to go ahead and talk about performance fees?
Jim McCaughan: Yes, thank you Jimmy. The incentive fees have been low in 2017 and will remain fairly low in 2018 most likely, not because of performance but because of incidence. Remember the big ones we have mainly on real estate both debt and equity and have assessment periods of 3 or 5 or even more years. And indeed in some cases, the incentive fee income when you have the outflow and sale the assets. So that structure means that the incidence is somewhat predictable, even if the exact amount when it comes is pretty hard to forecast. We will get up to good levels of performance fees again 2019 and 2020 and that's when we see a bit more incidence. There is some possibility then something to drop forward into 2018 because of clients wanting to take that profits and move on. And that of course is good news as we should accomplish as far as clients concerned. But I wouldn't count on that happening, it is possible. But most likely we'll be back to what I think over the more normal level of these longer term incentive fees in 2019 and 2020. And lastly there is an annual performance fee piece for others smaller than the multiyear carriers. That would be primarily are hedge fund in a few long only pieces where we have an annual incentive fees. And that was pretty seen in 2017 as well. As you know the hedge fund world has find hard to carry are to decent results. But we're optimistic that that will come back over the next year or two also. But that's more a matter of predicting particular segments of the market rather than the incidence. But really it's the incidence that drives that.
Dan Houston: Excellent, Luis, you were just down in Chile.
Luis Valdes: Yes, Jimmy, let me tell you that we think that we do think certainly that political environment in Chile during the next four years, is going to be much more positive and pro-market in essence. So I do think we're not for sure, but I do think that the next administration that is going to takeover in March 11 is very likely that they're going to repeat and replace the current pension bill which is in the congress. This is my personal take. Last week the current administration they didn't have even quorum in order to approving the small piece of that legislation. So, it seems to me that they're not going to try to attempt any other apply for that particular pension bill. So and also the other good news is that, we already have some information about how the administration is taking a look at and they have a much, much holistic approach to the pension problem in Chile. So the ASPs are just one pillar out of four. And the main problem that Chile has is with other pillars instead of ASPs, the ASPs that they really need some adjustments particularly, they contribution rates and other things that, we think that this pension reform is going to be much broader and more interesting. And certainly much more compelling as I said to you, so we are pleased with that, a lot of work has to the end. We are going to be very eager to continue working on about the fees and pressure on fees, honestly. As I said to you many times and our valuable position in Cuprum is the highly differentiated. Were number one in customer service. We just were rank again in the top 100 most profitable companies in Chile. In the long-term investment performance, we are number two, four strategies out of five. So I would say that we differentiate ourselves in Chile as a best pension company. Having said that, were not competing against head to head, but with MetLife and [Providas], so if we are making any decision going forward is going to be in light of the easiest of our customers and that is what we are looking every time, all the time.
Operator: The next question will be from Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sean Dargan: Just had one question about I guess the pace of expenses to come. When you look at your product offering, specifically in IRAS, compared to where the competition has gone in terms of digital solutions, that allowed to participants that checking their balances and do things on a daily basis. Are you where you need to be or I mean how much longer is this paid of investment kind of going on until you get to where you need to be?
Dan Houston: I dont think it ever goes away to be frank, Sean. When I reflect on this, I think about the current expense run rate that we have had, has focused on trying to reduce our expenses and also add to new capabilities and we are leading best-in class today. And I would say that one of our greatest threat is probably come from non-traditional players, because consumers has now had a really good look at how they purchase other things, unrelated to financial services. And so I think what we are up against is an environment where the any has been raised relative to the customer experience, its simplicity, its convenience, how we access it. So this digital initiative, as we spoke about as back on December the 12 has everything to do with about two-thirds of the portfolio on driving revenue and about a third of it is about taking out additional expenses. It touches the consumer within our group benefits, it's individual life, it's our RIS-Fee businesses. It has to do with driving technology in Jims portfolio management area and again hiring data scientist and people with a lot of skill sets that are new to Principal. And although I dont think this expense rate every going to come back down. I think it's going to remain elevated. What I think we will see after 12 months and 24 months and 36 months, is those revenue enhancers coming in and that expense being taken out. We dont want to leave you at the impression, somehow, we are going to finish up 2018 and the expense run rate is reduced, I think in fact it will be where it's at and well build upon that new base, and we can expect revenues and expense reduction in other areas to offset those. So, hopefully that helps.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A, Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Yes, I think It's pretty simple because from our perspective our fundamentals remained very much intact, it's around introducing financial security through retirement solutions, asset management and protection, whether its life and certainly annuities the demand couldnt be greater. We know that around the world, there are under-saved and under-protected. They're under advice. We have a lot of solutions that get after each of those areas. And what we didn't want to do of course is to under investing these businesses and find ourselves behind the wall or irrelevant as time goes on. But I think as our shareholders and as people that are interested in the success of this company it had everything to do with making sure our customers are getting what they need for them to be successful in the future. So appreciate your interest and we look forward to seeing you out on the road. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 PM Eastern Time until end of day February 6, 2018. 3269287 is the access code for the today. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Houston - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Deanna Strable-Soethout - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Timothy Dunbar - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Nora Everett - President, Retirement and Income Solutions Luis Valdes - President, Principal International Segment Amy Friedrich - President of U.S. Insurance Solutions James McCaughan - President, Principal Global Investors
Analysts: Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Erik Bass - Autonomous Research John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Suneet Kamath - Citi Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities Thomas Gallager - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial [Technical Difficulty] as always, materials related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Due to the annual actuarial assumption review this quarter, we've included additional slides in the earnings conference call presentation. We've added a comparison of the third quarter operating earnings, excluding significant variances, as well as income statement line item impacts of the 2017 actuarial assumption review. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. And we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; Amy Friedrich, US Insurance Solutions; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures may be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Before I turn the call over Dan, I want to extend an invitation to our upcoming 2017 Investor Workshop in New York City on Thursday December 7. This year's focus will be on our spread and risk businesses, including a deeper dive on our pension risk transfer and group benefits businesses, as well as an update on our long-term capital deployment strategy. Additionally, our 2018 outlook call will be held on December 12. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll share some performance highlights and key accomplishments to position us for continued growth. Deanna will provide details on third quarter financial results and an update on capital deployment. Before I get to the quarterly results, I want to briefly comment on our planned acquisition of MetLife's Afore business as announced yesterday morning. Mexico is a very important market for us and is one of our largest countries in terms of Assets Under Management or AUM. It's currently the 15th largest pension market in the world and poised to become one of the world's 10 largest economies. MetLife Afore has approximately $4 billion of AUM as of the end of the third quarter. And after closing, Principal's Afore is expected to be one of the largest pension providers in Mexico in terms of AUM. The acquisition will provide benefits of scale and will position us to accelerate our growth in the mandatory pension business as well as in voluntary long-term savings and mutual funds. Deanna will provide more details and this is clearly a very positive development for Principal. Moving to our results, I'm very pleased with where we stand through 9 months. We have very strong results driven by strong execution and favorable macroeconomic conditions. For the third quarter, we reported $374 million of operating earnings. Excluding significant variances, operating earnings were $417 million, a 17% increase compared to the year ago quarter. And on a trailing 12 basis, excluding the actuarial assumption review, operating earnings of $1.5 billion increased 18% from a year ago, reflecting strong net revenue growth and ongoing expense discipline. In addition, each of our four operating segments delivered double-digit growth in pre-tax operating earnings over the trailing 12 months, excluding the actuarial review, again, demonstrating the benefits of our integrated business model and execution of our strategy. With a record $656 billion at quarter-end, we've increased AUM by $60 billion or 10% compared to a year ago. Compared to second quarter 2017, we achieved a significant recovery this quarter, with $5 billion of positive net cash flow, reflecting a strong rebound in sales and retention for PGI Institutional and solid improvements in these measures for Principal International, including Brazil, Southeast Asia and Chile. Volatility of net cash flow is inherent in institutional asset management and retirement as large deposits and withdrawals can occur unevenly over time. Looking ahead, and as communicated last quarter, we still expect a few additional large retirement plans to terminate RIS-Fee over the next couple of quarters. That said, net cash flow in our core small to medium sized business market remains strong. Net cash flow remains an important metric. But our focus remains on revenue growth. We'll continue to differentiate by meeting client needs through value-added specialties, solutions and alternative investments. Our ultimate goal is to serve more customers over time, by meeting the unmet needs and solving problems. We remain well-positioned to attract and retain assets due to several key factors, including: expertise across asset classes and in asset allocation; a wide array of solutions that meet the needs of retirement, retail and institutional investors; a breadth and diversity of asset gathering businesses; leading positions in strong distribution networks in key asset management markets around the world; and with small to medium sized businesses in the U.S.; and of course, strong investment performance. For our Morningstar rated funds, more than 70% of fund level AUM had 4- or 5-star rating as of September 30. Further, as shown on Slide 5, 71% and 88% of our active strategies were above median for a three and five year performance respectively. Third quarter marks another quarter with at least 85% of our options above median for five-year performance. This strength and consistency is critical, given our focus on retirement and other long-term investment strategies. It further demonstrates our investment expertise and reinforces our conviction about the value we can deliver to investors through fundamental active management. As previously discussed, there is a natural ebb and flow of investment performance that can be particularly pronounced over shorter-term periods. Our one-year investment performance improved 28 percentage points from the second quarter, primarily driven by a significant improvement in our target date suite, 23% of these funds were above median at midyear and 79% were above median as of September 30. Our Global Asset Management franchise continued to receive noteworthy third-party recognition during the quarter. In addition to multiple best fund awards from organizations including Thomson Reuters Lipper and Morningstar, Finisterre was named European Hedge Fund Management Firm of the Year by HFM Week. Principal Chile was recognized as the best mutual fund company in equity and second best in fixed income by El Mercurio. Two of our funds received Green Star designations from GRESB a global Environmental, Social and Governance or ESG Benchmark for Real Assets. We built a leading array of multiple-asset, multi-manager, outcomes oriented solutions. We purposely designed our investment platform to provide diversification and non-correlation within key asset classes. These things are important, because in simpler terms, they enable us to help people save, invest, allocate and diversify. I'll focus my remaining comments on key execution highlights. The work we're doing to further strengthen our competitive positioning and our ability to capitalize on demographic tailwinds that are driving up global demand for investment, income and protection solutions. In the third quarter, we continue to expand and enhance our solution-set. We launched a first of its kind retirement modeling planner. Using real-time data, plan sponsors and advisors can assess retirement plan health; see how plan design features impact participant retirement-readiness; and estimate cost associated with changes to plan design. We continue to invest in our voluntary worksite solutions and specialty benefits as well with the launch of our new accident insurance product. Our unique benefit design results in a better customer experience and an easier streamlined claims process. We also made important strides with our investment platform as we continue to focus on four key areas: outcomes based funds, with a heavy focus on income solutions; alternative investments to enhance diversification and manage downside risk; our international retail platform to capitalize on opportunities in Latin America, Asia and Europe; and our ETF CIT and separately managed account platforms to provide lower cost investment options to complement our more traditional strategies. Launches during the quarter included our first mutual fund of funds in China and spectrum active preferred ETF, an actively managed income oriented ETF on our U.S. platform. We expanded our suite of Shariah-compliant funds in Malaysia. We also launched the Finisterre Unconstrained Emerging Markets Fixed Income fund, as investors increasingly look to emerging markets for higher risk-adjusted fixed income returns. Since quarter-end, we've launched three new ETFs; Principal U.S. Mega-Cap Multi-Factor Index, Principal Sustainable Momentum Index, and Principal Contrarian Value. Leveraging our expertise as an active manager to expand our suite of strategic beta funds. This brings us to 11 ETF strategies in the market, with additional launches still planned for the fourth quarter. Moving to distribution, we're advancing our multichannel, multiproduct strategy. During the third quarter, we continue to get our investment options added to third-party platforms recommended list and model portfolios, with over two dozen new placements. Over the trailing 12 months, we've earned 76 total placements, over 40 different offerings on more than 25 different platforms with success across asset classes. As highlighted last quarter, CCB Principal Asset Management, our joint venture with China Construction Bank was selected to offer their mutual funds on the Alibaba online financial platforms. As an update, we saw good early traction, these platforms contribute meaningfully to our $15.6 billion of positive net cash flow for the quarter in China, while these investments are primarily short-term in nature. These platforms are getting our joint venture additional name recognition, and contributing to our efforts in China. As I reflect on our performance through nine months, I'd highlight our consistent ability to achieve above market growth. I'd also highlight good execution of our customer focused solutions oriented strategy, an appropriate balance between investments in growth and expense discipline, and effective use of shareholder capital. While, we're not without our challenges, we go forward from a position of strength. And with an intensified focus on delivering better outcomes to individuals, small to medium sized businesses, and institutions around the world. With the real estate transaction we've executed this quarter, which Deanna will cover, we're in particularly strong position to create shareholder value by investing in our existing businesses, participating in M&A opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders through common stock dividends, and share repurchase. Deanna?
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Thanks, Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. I'll focus my comments on the key contributors to our financial performance, and provide an update on capital deployment. We reported strong operating earnings of $374 million for the third quarter of 2017 or $1.28 per diluted share. As shown on Slide 6, excluding the impact of the 2016 and 2017 annual actuarial reviews and other significant variances. Third quarter 2017 operating earnings of $417 million, increase 17% from the third quarter of 2016. RIS-Fee, RIS-Spread, Principal International, Specialty Benefits, and Individual Life were all impacted by the actuarial assumption review. Slide 7 provides the income statement line item impacts by business unit. The total impact of the actuarial assumption review decreased third quarter reported pre-tax operating earnings by $66 million and after-tax earnings by $43 million. The most significant impacts were due to experience assumption changes including refinements to our variable annuity policyholder behavior assumptions in RIS-Fee, and an update to our premium payment assumptions for Individual Life. These items were partially offset by the higher U.S. interest rate environment compared to what was assumed a year-ago. The actuarial review will not have a material impact on our total company operating earnings run rate in the future. Our total company reported operating earnings tax rate of 18% for the quarter was lower than our guided range of 21% to 23% due to the actuarial review and certain tax benefits during the quarter. We still expect to be within our guided range for full year 2017. Net income attributable to Principal Financial Group was $810 million for the third quarter 2017, driven by strong operating earnings, modest credit losses of $10 million and $411 million after tax net realized capital gain, as a result of a real estate transaction. The real estate gain was over 40 years in the making through a successful joint venture with Majestic Realty Company to develop and manage industrial warehouse space in Southern California. We took the opportunity amid strong real estate market to manage our real estate exposure in the area and to gain control over the properties we retained. The low historical cost basis, strong value creation, and the size of the portfolio contributed to the magnitude of the net realized capital gains. At quarter end ROE, excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 14.5% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact from the 2016 and 2017 actuarial reviews, ROE improved 90 basis points from a year-ago to 14.9% reflecting strong earnings growth and disciplined capital management. Strong total company net cash flows of $5 billion, and favorable market conditions during the third quarter, increased total company AUM to a record $656 billion, including record AUM for both Principal Global Investors and Principal International. Quarterly operating earnings in our U.S. fee businesses benefited from strong U.S. equity market performance. The S&P 500 Index quarterly daily average increased almost 3% over second quarter 2017 and 14% over the prior year quarter. In addition, mortality and morbidity were favorable for the quarter and benefited Individual Life and Specialty Benefits, but slightly pressured RIS-Spread mainly in our pension risk transfer business. And my following comments, I will exclude the impact of significant variances in both periods. The actuarial review was the only significant variance in third quarter 2017. Slide 6 provides a comparison of business unit pre-tax operating earnings, excluding significant variances for the third quarter and the prior year quarter. As always reported business unit results and key drivers can be found in the slides, supplement and press release. Pre-tax operating earnings for RIS-Spread, Specialty Benefits, Individual Life and Corporate were within our expectations for the third quarter. Our spread and risk businesses continue to deliver strong operating earnings, while providing important protection and guaranteed income solutions for our customers. In RIS-Spread pension risk transfer sales were a record $1.2 billion in the third quarter. The pipeline remains strong in our target market plans under $500 million, and year-to-date 2017 sales have surpassed our record $2 billion of sales in 2016. Pre-tax operating earnings in RIS-Fee, Principal International, and Principal Global Investors merit some explanation this quarter. As shown on Slide 8, RIS-Fee's pre-tax operating earnings of $149 million, increase 3% over the year ago quarter. Positive market performance contributed to higher fee revenue and lower DAC amortization during the quarter. Pre-tax operating earnings also benefited from favorable timing of expenses. Moving to Slide 10, Principal Global Investors' pre-tax operating earnings were $130 million, a 15% increase when compared to the prior year quarter driven by strong market performance, higher transaction and borrower fees, and disciplined expense management. As shown on Slide 11, Principal International's pre-tax operating earnings of $84 million were slightly lower than our expectations, primarily due to lower than expected inflation and encaje performance in Latin America, when compared to the prior year quarter currency translation was a slight tailwind. Moving to capital, while we don't normally speak to our estimated risk based capital ratio on a quarterly basis. We expect our RBC ratio at year end will be above our targeted range due to the real estate transaction, I mentioned earlier. We expect our RBC ratio to return to our targeted range of 415% to 425% over the next several quarters, as we strategically deploy capital. Turning to Slide 14, we deployed $191 million of capital in the third quarter, including $136 million in common stock dividends, $49 million in share repurchases, and $6 million to increase our ownership in a PGI boutique. Year-to-date, we've deployed $605 million of capital and remain on track to deploy $800 million to $1.1 billion for the full year. Last night, we announced $0.49 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, a $0.02 increase from the third quarter 2017 dividend and a 14% increase from the prior year quarter. We continue to target a 40% dividend payout ratio and going forward our dividend growth will be more aligned with the rate of operating earnings growth. By growing operating earnings and reducing debt over the past few years, we've reduced our leverage ratio and given ourselves greater financial flexibility. When we evaluate M&A opportunities, we use three criteria: strategic fit, cultural fit, and financial fit. Our planned acquisition of MetLife Afore business fit all three. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2018, and it is anticipated to be accretive to EPS and ROE in 2018. We intend to use available cash to finance the acquisition. By integrating this acquisition into our existing Afore business, we will gain additional scale, a larger distribution network, and greater capacity to help our customers in Mexico achieve their retirement goals. We continue to have an active M&A pipeline, and we are weighing our options carefully for other capital deployment opportunities. As always, we will continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to deploying capital and investing back into our businesses. Fourth quarter is usually our highest operating earnings quarter due to higher performance fees in Principal Global Investors, and lower claims in sales related expenses in Specialty Benefits. This year, we don't expect the fourth quarter to be as impacted by these items, as experienced in prior years. While, many factors both macroeconomic and operational pushed this quarter's operating earnings to very strong levels, it doesn't overshadow our underlying growth and strong fundamentals. No matter the environment we operate in, we'll continue to work strategically to deliver on our promises over the long-term. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. First question was on capital and your commentary about looking to deploy the $400 million gain over the next several quarters. Can you give us some perspective on the - it sounds like your dividend is kind of at the level you kind of wanted to be at from a payout ratio standpoint. So can you give us some thoughts on the potential ways you're looking at on deploying that capital?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, we'd be happy to do that. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. The first thing I would say is it may not happen in - as you stated that in the next two quarters, my guess is it happens over a longer period of time. We always want to take a very thoughtful approach to how we deploy capital. Well, why don't I have Tim Dunbar weigh in on those thoughts.
Timothy Dunbar: Sure, thanks. As we said before in 2017, we'll deploy between $800 million and $1.1 billion and we're certainly on target with that, with the announcement of the Afore that we made yesterday. In addition to that, we have - are seeing really good growth opportunities, both in terms of organic growth within our risk and spread businesses, and within our fee-for-service businesses. But as well, we have a very strong pipeline and we talked a lot about some of the options that we have in the asset management business or income producing assets and we've also talked about furthering some of our relationship with our PI joint venture partners.
Daniel Houston: Ryan, do you have a follow-up?
Ryan Krueger: Yeah, I guess, just shifting gears, Dan, I guess, curious on if you want to - if you could provide some thoughts on - the potential for the Rothification idea and what Principal's view of that would be and the potential impact to you in kind of the savings market and the industry?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a good question. Frankly, I expected one. Frankly, our largest concern is that a policy like this doesn't negatively impact long-term retirement savings. That's kind of at the core of the issue. We actually did some modeling. And we know for a fact that today, if we look at roughly a third of the participants that make between $10,000 and $25,000, those folks today, with 35% of them, roughly a third, would be negatively impacted by a $2,400 limit. And that, I think that gets the attention of a lot of people. This isn't a high wage earner issue. This Rothification discussion impacts all wage earners in all categories. If you took that same cohort and you looked at people making between $30,000 and $50,000, today in qualified retirement plans, 70% of them participate. If you take that cohort of $30,000 to $50,000 who are eligible for a retirement plan, only 5% participate. So it gets back to the day the value proposition from an employer-based retirement saving scheme is around payroll deduction, employer matches, profit sharing contributions, and the positive impact that tax deferral has on that saver. They save more. As a result of this sort of policy, they would save less than they would have otherwise saved. So we've amassed as an industry roughly $15 trillion since 401(k) was first adopted. That includes both defined contribution as well as rollover IRAs in a completely voluntary system. And personally, I think the favorable or deferred tax treatment has been a big driver of why people have chosen to go that direction. Principal is very active on Capitol Hill. We're active within our trades to try to make sure we get the best policies possible, and that the education is out there. But, at this point in time, although as I've said we've done a lot of internal modeling, we're just going to keep pressing for educating people on the implications of this. And with that, I'm going to look to Nora, see if she has any additional comments she'd like to make.
Nora Everett: Sure. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. Yeah, just to segue off of Dan's point, certainly, just like the DOL reg, first of all, we're all in speculation mode right now. But just like the DOL reg, we're extremely well positioned for these kinds of changes. I mean, if you think about the significance of that regulatory change and then you look at the potential significance of this regulatory change, we've got the expertise, we've got the scale, we've got infrastructure around plan design, technology. We're just really well positioned to deal with these kinds of changes if they do come down the pike.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Ryan, for the question.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just to follow up on the Met Afore transaction, can you describe how that business compared to yours right now? You mentioned about the gain of scale and the addition of distribution. Anything that they do kind of different from what you're doing right now?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a great question, Humphrey. And let me also just say, I compliment you on the report that you wrote recently on group benefit space. I thought it was incredibly well done. This transaction I think is being a little bit like the transaction for the - in Hong Kong that we had with AXA in the MPF business. Operating from a top-five position versus operating from a top-ten is a big deal. And so as you point out, we do get the advantages of scale and distribution. But I'm going to ask Luis to weigh in here on how this benefits our entire Mexican strategy as opposed to just limiting it to just the Afore. Luis?
Luis Valdes: Yeah, good morning, Humphrey, thanks for your question. One thing that is good addition to our strategy in Mexico is the customer base that they're adding. The customer base in general terms, there is a 0.5 million customer. And those customers, they have I would say a very good quality in terms of Mexican standard, so that's going to give us opportunity to add more value to our services and also to add more advice, and to certainly to expand and extend our voluntary business. So I would say that it's a matter of scale as Dan said. It's moving us up to the fifth position, 8% market share in total AUMs, and certainly is adding a good number of customers that we are going to be able to serve going forward.
Daniel Houston: Does that help, Humphrey?
Humphrey Lee: Yes, and thank you for the compliment. So maybe I ask question on the group space. Can you talk about some of the market dynamics that you see, especially in your core small case market, especially given Specialty Benefits have been growing at a very nice pace?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it really has been a nice growth engine for us, and Amy is well prepared to answer that question.
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Thanks, Humphrey. Some of the market dynamics, especially in the small space, are that the small employers are really feeling optimistic, you've noted that more seeing that out in the industry. So when you're looking at things that are coming out guidance on regulation, guidance on trying to make access to capital easier, those are the things that small business owners get excited about it. And so when I look at the dynamics in the industry, small business owners tend to be ones that really take seriously their obligation to take care of their employees. So we don't tend to have to come in and talk to them a lot about, let's have a great benefit - set of benefits. It really come down to they want to get the right benefits out there. So one of the dynamics is, when they're optimistic, when they're feeling excited, they're going to make investments in their employees. And those investments in their employees benefit companies like Principal. So we end up getting a larger share of wallet with them, we end up having a closer relationship and just doing the right things with them. So I'd say one market dynamic is increased optimism. You'll see things like employment growth, when you look at our total employment growth numbers, what we're seeing is about 1.4% we mentioned this last quarter on a trailing 12 months basis. But when you look under the covers, if you're a group that employees less than 200 employees, it's closer to 2%, it's 1.9% on a trailing 12 months basis. So one of the other things we're seeing is employment growth that is even over pronounced in the small market. So small market employment growth is there, optimism is there, and their willingness to take care of their employees is there. And all of those things formulaically really benefit Principle and then the broader industry as a whole.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Humphrey, for the questions.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Thanks for taking my question. I had - I guess, one on retirement fee of the $3 billion that you guys have highlighted potential terminations. How much of that was included in the numbers this quarter?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Thanks, Alex, for the question, and thank you also for initiating coverage on Principal. Nora, you want to go and take that one.
Nora Everett: Sure. So 3Q of that roughly $3 billion, we thought just north of $1.5 billion with regard to that handful of larger cases that we called out on the last call. So - and recall what we identified in addition to that was that there was within that $3 billion estimate, one relatively larger case that was north of $1.5 billion that case has not left, has not terminated at this point. And that cases, there's still some question as to whether or not that case would transfer either towards the end of 4Q or potentially, and often this happens with these types of transfers into 1Q. So there's still some uncertainty as to whether we have that as a 4Q event or 1Q event. But to answer your question just north of $1.5 billion, we realized in 3Q.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up on the CCB partnership. Just around some of the stuff in the treasury report, it looks like they're going to maybe try to push to allow U.S. companies to have higher ownership of joint ventures. Would you potentially go bigger and a partnership with CCB in terms of your percent ownership, if they were interested and you have the ability to do that.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Let me just first say, Alex, we really have a strong working relationship with China Construction Bank, it is not limited to just Principal International, Principal Global Investors also is a very important part of that relationship, as is the overall company. And again, we know each other well. We have the Memorandum of Understanding to look deeper into opportunities related to the enterprise annuity, but there's also other work being done around working more closely together around Asset Management. Of course, we would welcome the opportunity to have a larger stake, because, again, you cannot ignore a country, whose GDP is likely to represent a third of total global economic growth. With that, I'll see, if Luis would like to make any additional comments on our relationship to CCB.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, good morning, Alex. As you know, we have a 25% ownership in CCB Principal Asset Management. And today, we're very focused in order to extend our partnership also with CCB in the pension arena. So it's publically known that we have signed an MoU with CCB in order to go into the next joint venture with them. So we - as Dan has said, we are very much more focused in order to extend our relationship with CCB, nevertheless, we're going to be more than pleased, if we are going to have any other opportunity in order to increase our ownership in CCB family.
Daniel Houston: Thank you for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First on the PGI business, your flows improved this quarter, I think, the last few quarters you'd had a few cases that were actually either maturing or leaving because of changes in allocation on the part of clients. Where do you stand on that? And what's your outlook for that business? And then secondly on the fee retirement business, you made a few comments on losing some cases and potentially more in this - later in this year or early next year. What's really driving that and what's the competitive environment, and specifically in the 401(k) market from a pricing standpoint.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, thanks, Jimmy, for those comments. And I'll have Jim certainly handle PGI flows. But one thing, we've gone on the record of - and that is - there is some lumpiness to these institutional flows. And the one thing, we also were very pleased about was the recovery of some of the investment performance. And again, we feel like, we're in a very good position in our Asset Management franchise to continue to attract retain assets. Would you want that specifically, Jim?
James McCaughan: Yes. Thank you, Dan. And thanks for the question, Jimmy. As you know, the lumpy flows that can happen in institutional were not on our side in cash flows in the second quarter. There were no - none of these particularly lumpy outflows in the third quarter. We had continued outflows of Columbus Circle, but that's more - that's easing up and getting to a better space, because of the changes in promotions of portfolio managers and also because of a strong improvement there in investment performance. But going back to the lumpy flows in the second quarter and running up to that. There were a number of special factors, but what it tended to a fact was some of our lower fee and relatively speaking lower added value mandate. For example, investment grade credit with increased hedging costs, not enough margin lead some clients to terminate those mandates. But you know the other side of that is where you have a higher spread, for example, through high yield that is not happening. And this illustrates the fact we've mentioned before, which is we are really managing the business for added value to clients and therefore for our revenues. The two are very linked. And that doesn't necessarily always have a one-to-one correspondence with the asset flows. And I would point really to - it was a very diversified asset base not particularly dependent on equities. We've seen strong and steady growth in revenues, and that's what we've been trying to do at the Principal Global Investors level. Having said all that, looking forward, I don't see any likely lumpy outflows in the next few months. I could always be wrong, because people do react to things like shared - like shifts and hedging costs. But I'm more confident about the ability to continue growing equity - growing revenues, absent any real dislocation in the marketplace. So that remains our objective, and we actually see some potential lumpy inflows. But again, I wouldn't necessarily weigh those too highly when they happen, because these very large billion dollar plus mandate tend to be on relatively low fees, partly because of pricing for scale and partly because they're often in more liquid categories. Our basic growth remains in the less liquid categories from real estate, to high yield, to small cap, to emerging markets. And that's an illustration strategically that we're running the business for revenues rather than for AUM.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Clearly, we've seen not only in Jim's business, but also in Nora's the separation of revenue growth from net cash flow positive or negative. So I'll ask Nora to speak to some of these losses, but also what it is that we're doing to retain and win business as well. Nora?
Nora Everett: Sure. So Jimmy, actually and we talked about this last quarter as well. We don't see this handful of cases as systemic at all. In fact, if you look at the handful of cases that we called out, more - a majority of them are due to M&A and some bankruptcy. So on the M&A cases, we're going to win some, we're going to lose some. But there's nothing systemic about the handful of cases and these transfers. And more important from our perspective is, if you look at our core SMB segment really strong net cash flow, so really pleased with our core SMB business and how that is net cash flowing. But because of the size of these larger cases and the impact on net cash flow, we'll call them out, just to help you all be able to discern what that net - what we're unbundling the net cash flow for you.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Jimmy, for the questions.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Something you could provide an update on what's going on in Chile, and the implications of the upcoming election, what that could have on the retirement system in the outlook for AFP flows and pricing?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Great question, and very timely. Especially, as we look at some of the recognition we've received in a very positive thing about our customer service coming out of Cuprum and our ability to continue to see the net cash flow migrate to becoming more favorable. But a lot of moving parts in Chile, and Luis you want to go and take that one.
Luis Valdes: Yeah. Good morning, Erik. First, you could see in our flows and we continue our positive trend in Chile. So we put basically a modest negative outflow, but basically we - all those a negative outflows happened in the very beginning of the quarter - the third quarter. So we continue to seeing a positive behavior in Chile. We continue - Dan said, very focused on the main strength of our Cuprum. So customer service - we continue increasing our customer service, we continue paying a lot of attention of our net investment income and investment return. So with that, as we know about asset retention and customer retention, all the focus that we have put in Cuprum the last, I would say three quarters and it's paying off good dividends for us at this moment. From a political standpoint of view in less than three weeks, we are going to have Presidential election in Chile. And very likely that all that sort is going to finish in the December in the second round. So - and so we will see with that we have almost no chance in order to move that our pension bill ahead in the congress. So it seemed to be that the next government, the administration is going to have to take this. And probably depending who is going to be the next President. I will see that probably they're going to change the bill probably - the one that is right now in the congress. So many things are coming, many discussions are coming. And we're ready to participate in those discussions going forward being very actively working and being a pension advocator in that country, and we're going to continue doing so.
Erik Bass: Great. Thank you. And then, just one follow-up. I think, you had commented in the prepared remarks about expecting less of the normal seasonal bump in earnings in fourth quarter this year than in the past. And that's just a function of your outlook for performance fees and the timing of expenses, are there other factors we should consider as well?
Daniel Houston: Yeah. There's really only two factors there, Eric. One is the performance fees and again Jim's demonstrated in the past, our ability to predict the timing of those, and we don't think that we're going to see a significant bump in Q4. There's also some speculation in the dental space that we would not see the normal seasonality, perhaps and as a result that's why we've reflected in our prepared comments. Is that sufficient?
Erik Bass: Got it. And I think, you'd also commented just sort of a lower G&A expense in last couple of quarters due to some timing, so I wasn't sure if that would move some of those into the fourth quarter as well?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, sure. And maybe I'll have Deanna make additional comments there.
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah. As we've talked about in the past, obviously, we try to align the growth in our expenses with our growth in revenue and balance that with investments in the business, but it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. If you look at just the supplement for many, many years, you'll actually see an elevated comp in other in the fourth quarter relative to what you see in the first through third quarter. And that can be driven by branding and marketing cost that tends to be fourth quarter loaded. Some of our benefit costs just naturally are a little bit higher in the fourth quarter. And technology costs can be higher in that fourth quarter as well. That hasn't been as evident in past years, because of that seasonality, but because that could be more muted this year, I think you could see more of an impact of that in the fourth quarter. And so, I just wanted to point that out. You can see that very evidently both for PFG as well as a number of our businesses. And we think that could very likely occur in this year as well.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Erik, for the question.
Erik Bass: Yeah.
Operator: The next question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. Can you talk about plans for implementation of MiFID II in your businesses? Do you see it as a driver of expense savings or increased costs? And are you implementing it globally or just in Europe? Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, good question, John. And I would answer, D, all the above. It's certainly going to require us to take a look at across the organization. Jim is probably the closest to this topic and I'll have him go ahead and address to that.
James McCaughan: Yeah, thank you, John, and thank you, Tom. First thing to say is really as a matter of context, we have invested a lot in proprietary research over the last 15 years, developing industry leading tools, both for equity and for fixed income research. We've been investing a lot in data science. I think we've noted that in the past. And that makes us somewhat less dependent on third-party research and data than a typical asset manager. So that's a strong background in this move towards greater transparency by the regulators. With operations and clients all around the world, will obviously be timely and transparent in how we implement this for our various clients and in different investment strategies. And so the direct costs, and as you know where it comes to research provided to investment professionals based in the EU, and also to clients in the EU, some research costs that have been bundled into trading will become a direct expense of the manager. And we will be covering those and they are in outlooks that we're developing, we'll talk of the outlook call in December about profits. But I can assure you at the moment it's a pretty small number because of the aforementioned points that I made about our own investment in research. It's not a number that we'd really end up calling out of it when it hits us. So you know I don't see this as a big challenge in terms of near-term execution. I do think longer-term, and this is welcome, I think longer term it will lead to a more open environment, a more transparent environment for how research gets paid for. And I think that that influence on the global business, particularly with the SEC making some clarifications that help market participants operate consistently between a MiFID environment and an SEC environment. I think that's still in progress, and that will be actually quite healthy in terms of how in the future affects the asset management industry.
Daniel Houston: Do you have a follow-up, John?
John Barnidge: Yeah, just to clarify, are you doing it just in Europe or globally or have you even determined, because one of your peers earlier this week said that they're just going to do it in Europe?
James McCaughan: Yeah, we're certainly doing it in Europe. We are finding interest from some clients in other jurisdictions about exactly the MiFID means of operation and the MiFID type transparency. So I wouldn't go dogmatically and say we're only doing it in Europe. But I would say that as of January 1, we're going to be rigorous and clear about doing MiFID compliance in Europe. But I do think that as the SEC clarifies how MiFID can operate alongside their environment, I think you're going to see a kind of more of a global practice emerging in the asset management industry. So in terms of the next two or three years, I wouldn't want to be dogmatic and say only Europe. But I think we're crossing the hurdle we have to from a regulatory point of view, very effectively in the near-term.
Daniel Houston: John, thanks for the question.
John Barnidge: Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to circle back on that real estate transaction that you announced, can you just provide a sense of how much capital that freed and then how much of that freed capital would you be willing to deploy?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, very good. I'll have Tim do that. Tim?
Timothy Dunbar: Yeah, as we said as Deanna said in that script that created about $411 million capital gain. And now that we would say there is probably about $300 million or so additional capital that we can deploy. And so, as we talked about we'll do that judiciously and in alignment with our balanced approach in 2018.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then my second question is on the DAC review. I think you said the RIS-Fee impact was largely due to lapse assumptions on VA, which I get. I didn't quite get the individual life, because that was the other sizeable item. So can you talk about what you saw in the review, which products it affected and essentially what caused it?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, very good. Deanna, you want to go and tackle that one?
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah, so specifically within our individual life products, we obviously - product designs today allows for flexibility and how the policyholder views of those products. And so, specifically to our UL with secondary guarantee, as well as the variable universal life that we used to fund our non-qualified deferred comp perspective. What we noticed occurring over the last year or so was that future policyholder premium payments were lower than what we had factored into our DAC models. They have the flexibility to do that. When we price the products, we obviously look at profitability over a lot of different ranges relative to that assumption. But we felt it was prudent to lower our expectation of future policyholder premium payments in those UL type products. That in effect lowers your future EGPs, and then obviously leads to the write off of some of that DAC. So that is what happened specifically in the individual life perspective. As we mentioned, not just in individual life, but across the company, we feel that the run rate impact of the changes we made are very immaterial and very manageable going forward.
Daniel Houston: Thank you, Suneet.
Operator: The next question will come from Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sean Dargan: Yeah, thank you. Deanna mentioned that you delevered as you've grown the earnings base and retired some debt. But just thinking about your capacity to either make an acquisition or strengthen a strategic tie with available resources, would you be able to run your debt to capital back up to 25%, which I think would be about $750 million additional capacity, because I think you've taken it there before with a commitment to delever?
Daniel Houston: I don't think there is any question that we'd have the capacity to take it back up to 25% for the right reasons. And as long as it is strategic with our long-term shareholders, we would very much consider that sort of additional leverage. But frankly, we find ourselves in a very good position today. There are very favorable markets to re-ladder our debt and to drive it down, to put us in a better position should the right opportunity come along that we could have more financial flexibility in both the equity side as well as in the debt side.
Sean Dargan: All right, great, thanks. And then, just coming back to the Afore, it sounds like you can't tell us how much you paid. But I'm wondering if you can give us any detail to help us think about how it would be moderately accretive to both EPS and ROE in year-one.
Daniel Houston: Yes, appreciate the question and we did agree to the seller's terms, not to disclose the price. But with that, I'll ask Luis to add a little bit of color on the question.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, thanks, Sean, about this question. Yeah, it's going to be mostly a modestly accretive first year, mainly due to we do have some expenses of the - acquisition expenses and integration expenses. And it's going to be a more accretive in, I would say in the range of $0.03 in the second year. So it's a very good transaction. It's going to be immediately accretive. And that is where we are right now, Sean.
Daniel Houston: And the other thing I would add to that, Sean, we've got a lot of experience now with Luis' teams to integrate transactions like this. And, frankly, Mexico, already has several including HSBC that we've done it. So the playbook is good. We understand the future value of these participants and the voluntary component, all the elements that allow us to have a fairly high degree of predictability of success in the integration and the ongoing relationship with Met for distribution. Thanks for the question.
Sean Dargan: Thanks.
Operator: The final question will come from Tom Gallager with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallager: Good morning. I had a follow up on Chile. These - so, Luis, I just want to understand, do you see the environment post-election being at greater risk or do you think there is actually hope for improvement from the current environment? I just wanted to be clear on that.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, Luis, go ahead.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, Tom, good question. I'm going to refer to the recent polls that are being published 24 hours ago. It's very likely, but you never know that the most possible next President is going to be Sebastin Piera, who represent the center right. In that sense, we're seeing that in that case, the political environment - should be a kind of a sensible improvement in terms of the next discussion that is going to happen. So that's our take today, so we have to wait for the next three weeks in order to see what is going to happen in the first round. And then a very likely a ballot touch that has to happen in the second week of December. But my take, it is that we are cautiously optimistic about that the political environment is going to be much better. And that's my personal take today, Tom.
Daniel Houston: Do you have a follow-up, Tom?
Thomas Gallager: Yeah, that's - that was helpful, and then my follow up is just on capital investment. So the $300 million of capital created from the gain, should we assume that's going to be completely additive to the normal $800 million to $1.1 billion pace of annual capital deployment for 2018? And then, also do you have any other historic investments of size that would have these large embedded gains in them?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, so let me have Deanna take the first question and Tim backing up on the second.
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah, just what I would say to that is we'll obviously incorporate that capital into our 2018 outlook as we come into our outlook on December. I think we have a strong pipeline of M&A that we talked about. We're committed to dividend increases. We'll explore organic opportunities, as well as other opportunities as well. But I think we'll continue to deploy our excess capital in a prudent way and will be more specific about our thoughts in 2018 at that outlook call in December.
Timothy Dunbar: Yeah, just in terms, do we have other gains like this in the portfolio; certainly, we have a pretty sizeable core portfolio. And by nature of the fact that real estate depreciates, we do have other gains that we could realize, but certainly none of this magnitude with one joint venture partner or one group of properties.
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the question, Tom.
Thomas Gallager: Thanks.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: First and foremost, I appreciate everyone listening in today and hearing more about our quarter and our results on the trailing 12-month basis. We feel good about the businesses. The fundamentals remain very much intact. We've certainly enjoyed broad economic growth and prosperity around the world. I can assure you that from this management team's perspective, deploying your capital is a very high priority for us. We think there are good places to invest from an organic perspective as well as making bolt-on acquisitions to help us grow the organization long-term. And again, we strike the balance with share repurchase as well as with increasing our dividend and hitting the metrics that we've described before. Again, I would encourage you to participate if you can on December 7 in New York, where we're going to focus on both the spread and the risk businesses we've talked, some of the fee businesses a year ago. And then also December 12, our outlook call should give you a better understanding of how we view 2018 and how it's shaping up. But in the meantime, we'll hopefully see you on the road. And again, thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time today, until end of day November 3, 2017. 88264943 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 8558592056 U.S. and Canadian or 4045373406 international callers. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP of IR Dan Houston - CEO Deanna Strable - CFO Nora Everett - Retirement and Income Solutions Jim McCaughan - Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes - Principal International Amy Friedrich - President of US Insurance Solutions
Analysts: John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Seth Weiss - Bank of America Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities Ryan Krueger - KBW Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Jimmy Bhullar Peeler - JP Morgan Suneet Kamath - Citi John Nadel - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups second quarter conference call. As always our materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer; and Amy Friedrich, our new President of US Insurance Solutions. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Companys most recently annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable US GAAP financial measures maybe also be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Before I turn the call over Dan, I want to extend an invitation to our upcoming 2017 workshop in New York City on Thursday December 7. This year's focus will be on our spread and risk businesses and our long-term capital deployment strategy. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks John and welcome to everyone on the call. A special welcome to Amy Frederick on her first earnings call. As communicated in our May announcement, Amy brings more than 20 years of business experience including extensive leadership within our Specialty Benefits division and a strong background in strategy development. This morning I'll share some performance highlighting an key accomplishments to position us for continued growth. Deanna will provide details on second quarter financial results and an update on capital deployment. Building on first quarter's momentum, we delivered a record $384 million of operating earnings in the second quarter that contributed to operating earnings of $754 million year-to-date. This is an increase of 21% compared to the first half of 2016 reflecting double digit net revenue growth and strong expense discipline. As I reflect on our performance in the first half of the year, we continued to deliver strong growth, execute our customer focused solutions oriented strategy, balance investments in growth and expense control and be good stewards of shareholder capital. I'm particularly pleased with the trailing 12 month trends across our businesses for revenue, margins and pretax earnings. Our diversified integrated business model continues to work for our customers and shareholders. Compared to a year ago, we've increased assets under management or AUM, 10% to a record $629 billion as of mid-year. This increase provides a solid foundation for revenue and earnings growth for the remainder of 2017 and it reflects strong asset appreciation as well as $9 billion of positive net cash flows. I do want to call out after 24 consecutive quarters of positive net cash flows, we had negative net cash flows during the second quarter. I don't view this as a systemic issue, there were a few primary contributors to this quarter's net cash flows. First and foremost, it reflects the volatility thats inherent in the global institutional asset management and retirement space as large deposits and withdrawals can occur unevenly over time. This negatively impacted flows in PGI, Principal International and the RIS-Fee business. In the second quarter we had two large mandates in PIG withdraw a total of $3.3 billion during a period that we did not have any new large mandates fund. One of the mandates left due to a rise in currency hedging cost, the other decline took the investment management in-house. Importantly, these large withdrawals are not translating into significant revenue losses as we've had good success bringing in somewhat smaller higher revenue mandates. As discussed last quarter, we continue to see negative net cash flows from Columbus Circle investors. During the quarter, CCI had $900 million of negative net cash flows. We've made a number of changes at the boutique and investment performance has improved year to date. Additionally, the ongoing turmoil in the Chilean pension system continued to elevate withdrawals at Cuprum early in the second quarter, driving negative net cash flows of $400 million. Even with the outflows during the quarter, Chile reported record assets under management and local currency. Lastly, despite some softness in sales during the quarter, we still delivered $700 million of positive net cash flows in Brazil and remain the market leader in that deposits. Despite the pressure of this quarter we continue to have multiple meaningful sources of positive net cash flow. Through six months, RIS-Fee, RIS-Spread and Principal International all delivered positive net cash flows totaling $5 billion. We delivered at least 200 million each of positive net cash flows for eight of our boutiques and PGI as sales of our niche institutional strategies remain solid. Our US retail funds business generated $0.5 billion of positive net cash flows and our target date suite flows remain positive including positive flows in second quarter, with strong sales and contributions from retirement plan participants. Our historical positive total company net cash flow was not an accident, it comes down to several key factors, strong long-term investment performance, expertise across asset classes and in-asset allocation, a wide array of solutions that meet the needs of retirement, retail and institutional investors, our breath and diversity of asset gathering businesses, and leading positions and strong distribution networks in key asset management markets around the world. This all remains in place. At mid-year, more than 80% of principal mutual funds, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for the three and five year performance periods. Additionally 56% of our rated funds have a four or five star rating from Morningstar. We again received multiple best funds awards during the quarter around the world. CPAM Malaysia was named Funhouse of the year by Asian investor during the quarter and our global high yield fund won nine Thomson Reuters Lipper fund awards. For the second half of 2017 I'm cautiously optimistic about net cash flow as we expect improvement for PI in Brazil, Chile and Hong Kong, additional momentum for PGI across multiple platforms including US retail, Dublin and global SMA. There are a number of large mandates that we are working on PGI that could fund by the end of the year. Growth opportunities within our spread business particularly in the pension close out business. That said we also expect a handful of larger retirement plans to terminate in RIS-Fee over the next two to three quarters totaling approximately $3 billion. We continue to expect strong net cash flows in our core US retirement plan market, small to medium sized businesses. Taken in total, we expect improvement in net cash flow for the second half of the year. While net cash flow remains an important measure, what's more important is driving sustainable growth and revenue and operating earnings. To do so, we'll continue to capitalize on leading positions with our broad array of investment options, with institutional and high net worth investors around the world and with retirement investors and long-term savers in the US, Latin America and Asia. Ill focus my remaining comments on key execution highlights and the work we're doing to further strengthen our competitive positioning. In the second quarter, we continue to expand and enhance our solution set with emphasis on outcomes based funds with a particular focus on income solutions, alternative investments to enhance diversification and manage downside risk, our international retail platform to capitalize on opportunities in Latin America, Asia and Europe, And our ETF, CIT and SMA platforms to provide lower cost divestment options to complement our more traditional strategies. Product launches during the quarter included an emerging market income fund on our UCITS platform, two new funds in Chile and actively managed yield oriented equity ETF strategy on our US platform. Our ETFs are providing lower cost ways to improve diversification for retail and high net worth investors. Two of our recent launches have received important recognition, Principal Active Global Dividend Income ETF is not only the largest 2017 launch to-date, it is the largest active equity ETF in the world. Principal US Small Cap Index ETF was also recently recognized as one of the five most successful ETF launches of 2016. Moving to distribution, we continue to advance our multichannel, multiproduct strategy, Ill highlight a few key developments. We continue to get our funds added to platforms recommended list and model portfolios. Through mid-year we've earned 36 total placements getting 22 different funds on 16 different third-party platforms, with success across asset classes. CCB principal asset management was selected as one of seven fund companies to offer their mutual funds on Alibaba's online financial portal. We began the national rollout of Easy Elect, our patented technology designed to make it easier and more intuitive for people who make decisions and enroll in employer sponsored benefits. Results remain strong with participation levels 10% to 15% higher than traditional enrollment methods. Our term life insurance is now offered on a direct to consumer basis through AIG Direct. Lastly, we continue to make progress on our digital advice and sale platform in the US, Latin America, and Asia. Before closing, a quick DOL update. The DOL fiduciary rule became applicable on June 9. We continue to work closely with our distribution partners around the implementation. This effort only strengthens our relationships with these key partners while there is some uncertainty in the marketplace we remain laser focused on helping advisors deliver retirement protection and income solutions to their customers. In closing, we'll go forward from a position of strength, with excellent fundamentals and the benefit of broad diversification. I look for us to continue to build momentum through 2017 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders. Deanna?
Deanna Strable: Thanks Dan. Good morning to everyone on the call. Ill focus my comments on the key contributors to our financial performance during the quarter and provide an update on capital deployment. In the second quarter, we generated a record $384 million of total company operating earnings and a record $1.31 of operating earnings per share. Both a 14% increase over the year ago quarter. We had two significant variances during the second quarter that resulted in a net benefit to operating earnings. Pre-tax impacts of these items included a $10 million benefit from higher than expected variable investment income, RIS-Spread benefited by $7 million dollars and individual benefited by $3 million. And $5 million of elevated quarterly expenses in principal international primarily in Mexico. Net income available to Principal Financial Group was $310 million for second quarter 2017. This included net realized capital losses of $74 million primarily driven by derivative marks. Credit related losses were only $9 million and remain well below our pricing assumption. At quarter end, ROE excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 14.8% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact from the 2015 and 2016 actuarial reviews, ROE improved 230 basis points from a year ago to 15.3% reflecting strong earnings growth, improvement in macroeconomic conditions and disciplined capital management. Keep in mind that over the long term we expect to improve ROE by 30 to 60 basis points per year with fluctuations in any period. Second quarter results were fueled by continued strong business fundamentals, underlying revenue growth and disciplined expensing and capital management. Additionally, quarterly operating earnings benefited from strong US equity market performance as the S&P 500 Index quarterly daily average increased more than 3% over first quarter and 15% over the prior year quarter. As Dan indicated, total company AUM increased 10% from a year ago to a record $629 billion in second quarter 2017, providing us with a solid foundation for continued operating earnings growth. However, total company net cash flows for the quarter were a negative $2.9 billion. While the large withdrawals we experienced this quarter totaling over $5 billion were meaningful to net cash flows, the revenue impact is not significant. To illustrate this point, the same client that terminated $2 billion mandate during the quarter recently awarded us an emerging market debt mandate. While the new mandate is only a small fraction of the assets they withdrew, it offsets nearly 60% of the annual revenue from the larger investment grade mandate. While net cash flow is an indicator of future earning, it doesn't always tell the whole story due to our wide array of product offerings with a broad range of fees. Moving to business unit results, on a trailing 12-month basis and excluding the impact of the 2016 and 2016 actuarial assumption reviews, revenue growth and margin metrics were within or above our 2017 guidance ranges for all of our business units. RIS-Fee, RIS-Spread and PGI were above the guidance range for revenue growth, while Principal International, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life were in line. Additionally, RIS-Fee and RIS-Spread were above the guidance range for margins, while PGI, Principal International, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life were in line. These strong results reflect the successful execution of our diversified and integrated business model with a constant focus on balancing growth and profitability. Consistent with last quarter, my comments will exclude the impact of the significant variances I mentioned earlier. As always reported business unit results and key drivers can be found in the slides, supplement and press release. Principal Global Investors, Principal International, Specialty Benefits and Individual Life pretax operating earnings were in line with expectations in the second quarter. Each of these businesses continue to produce growth and margins that looks very attractive relative to peers. In addition, corporate pretax operating losses were in line with our expectations. We continue to anticipate full-year 2017 corporate pretax [Technical Difficulty] of the previously announced range of $200 million to $225 million. RIS-Fee and RIS-Spread [Technical Difficulty] our expectations for the quarter and Ill cover these in a little more detail.  As shown on Slide 6, RIS-Fees pretax operating earnings of $148 million increased 18% over the year ago quarter. The strong increase in earnings was driven by higher net revenue stemming from higher account values and disciplined expense management. Strong market performance relative to our assumptions continues to positively impact RIS-Fees net revenue growth, margin and thus, pretax operating earnings. Spread on Slide 7, pretax operating earnings were [Technical Difficulty] or 27% higher than the prior year quarter. For the same time period, RIS- Spread account values grew 8%, driven by strong sales in the pension risk transfer business and fixed annuities as well as opportunistic issuance and investment only. Similar to first quarter 2017, mortality and experience gains in our pension risk transfer business contributed to favorable operating earnings this quarter. Moving to capital deployment on Slide 12, in second quarter, we deployed $166 million of capital including $133 million in common stock dividends, $26 million in share repurchases and $7 million to increased ownership in a PGI boutique. Year to date we've deployed $414 million of capital and remain on track to deploy $800 million to $1.1 billion for the full year. Five years ago we announced our intention to increase our payout ratio to 40% to better reflect our business mix. At that time, our payout ratio was approximately 30%. Last night, we announced a $0.47 common stock dividend payable in the third quarter, a 15% increase from the prior-year period and approaching our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. Well continue to be strategic and disciplined in deploying capital. We have an active M&A pipeline and have created the financial flexibility to execute on attractive opportunities that enhance long-term shareholder value. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have delivered a five-year compound annual growth rate of 13% in operating earnings, exceeding our 9% to 12% long-term target. I'm confident well continue to deliver above market revenue growth and industry leading margins and achieve our long-term targets in the future. In closing, I have enjoyed the opportunity to meet with many of you in my new capacity this year. I look forward to future interactions in the coming months.  This concludes our prepared remarks, operator please open the call for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
John Bakewell: A few questions, the dividend was increased for a six consecutive quarter. Can you talk about ability to maybe keep that pace up, should anticipate maybe a penny every quarter? And then Ill ask the other questions later.
Dan Houston: I wouldn't expect $0.01 every quarter, we again try to provide you with guidance that this 40% targeted payout ratio is really ideal from our perspective, it's taken a while to get there and certainly our intention to be in around that 40% unless something material was disruptive to the business.
John Bakewell: And then premiums were up nicely across products in Specialty Benefit. Can you talk about that a little bit, is it pricing power, maybe taken advantage of some of the disruption in the market or simply the US economy is doing better we had a decent print this morning for the second quarter? Thanks.
Dan Houston: Good question John, I appreciate that. Im have Amy, Amy go ahead and answer that.
Amy Friedrich: Hi John, good to talk with you. You're right, premiums were good. When we look at 8% premium growth rate I'd say thats within our expectations. We've been seeing that for the last few years. And I do think we're benefiting from some pricing power. When we're in a small market with the type of reputation we have consistently in there with good business processes, good products, good practices we're seeing an ability to get off a spreadsheet and be a preferred provider and we like that. I think one factor though, you mentioned larger trends. I do think one factor going on in that premium growth is employment growth. So when I look at our business on a trailing 12-month basis, we're seeing employment growth of about 1.4% on our group product and as we look back over the arc of the last ten years that's near a high for us. So that 1.4% is clearly helpful in driving our in-force premium. And it's indicative of employment growth going on particularly in the small market. So again with our over indexing in the small market that's a really helpful trend for us.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Just a question on RIS-Fee, so in Dan's prepared remarks, you mentioned that there some expected terminations in the second half of the year, roughly about 3 billion. So when you factor in the pace of the net cash flows in the first half of the year and the expectation for the redemption, is the normal kind of 1% to 2% RIS net cash flows, AUM still a good expectation for full-year of 2017.
Dan Houston: We don't provide updates on the guidance, but I would say that we're still feel reasonably good about the range, could be to the low end of that. And we again try to help investors understand the patterns there by giving you some insight when we know through M&A and other sorts of related transactions where we know we have a large known out. What we don't know is wealth at this point in time, Humphrey, is what the ins look like. But again our pipeline looks healthy, the business is very healthy and we're doing well in terms of competing out there, you can see that by the growth in the business. But maybe I can have Nora add a little bit color for you on that question. Nora?
Nora Everett: Sure. So the estimate that Dan gave at 3 billion, one thing to be aware of is we always have timing issues. So when we say two to three quarters it could be this calendar year, some of that could slip into next calendar year 1Q in particular. So again just trying to give an approximation. Another important part of the 3 billion is the majority of that 3 billion represents one case, the one case is north of 1.5 billion. So again that timing in that particular case whether it falls on the 4Q or 1Q at this point in time we're not sure when that would occur. We don't see the balance of that $3 billion primarily reflects in M&A with a couple of larger cases. And in fact in one case a bankruptcy, so we don't see any systemic issues here. And back to Dan's earlier point, importantly what we see with our core SMB segment, small to medium business segment is continuing strong net cash flow. So whether it's 1% to 3% or not it will depend on some timing here within the 1% to 3% percent, but probably more importantly that core SMB segment has still has strong net cash flow.
Humphrey Lee: And then shifting to principal international So at least the media related to China, there is a lot of discussions about financial services reform, especially they had a meeting in a couple weeks ago in July and then there seems to be a lot of thoughts about there could be some announcement following the 19th National Congress meeting in the fall. So I was just wondering if you have any kind of additional insight in terms of the pension opportunities that you've mentioned in the past?
Dan Houston: I'll take that, Humphrey, and then pass it off to Luis. Luis and I and other members of management were just there a couple of weeks ago, right, on the heels of the financial forum that you mentioned. And what I would say is we had very healthy dialog with our joint venture partner China Construction Bank as well as with regulators. There seems to be a lot of advocacy and support on the part of state and commerce to support US companies planning a more active role working in partnership with Chinese companies. And so those trade discussions are very much alive and well. But we walked away feeling very good about the robustness of our conversations. The MOUs delivering what we had hoped it would be, which is healthy exchange of ideas on how we can usually work together to be successful. But maybe Ill have Luis to add some additional color. Luis?
Luis Valdes: Yes, you are totally right. I mean many reforms are coming particularly if President Xi is going to be confirmed for the next five years, theyre going to continue looking at the financial services industry. As you know China is a policy driven economy, so they're very much more focused on internal consumption and to continue development in that system. In particular, Humphrey, the pension reform in China is a big issue. And they are continually thinking how do switch their payroll system, Pillar 1 into contoured system based on Pillar 2 and Pillar 3. So very encouraging discussions, in order to do that they really need help, they need a pension experts, and global pension experts at Principal Financial Group. So we're very much more in those discussions, Humphrey.
Operator: The next question will come from Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: I want to focus on RIS margins, maybe starting with fees. Obviously you're running well ahead of the 29 to 33 margin guidance for the full year. The longer term guidance suggests that you know those margins come down significantly. Can you just help us think about what actually drives that lower, is it pricing pressure, higher expenses, just trying to understand from a modeling perspective because it seems like a steep to what your longer term suggests versus the current.
Dan Houston: Yes Seth, I certainly appreciate the question and you're right and to ask those kinds of questions, but the first thing I would tell you is, you really have the benefit of strong domestic equity markets today that help really propel you to the high side of that and that's certainly one of the very key components. The other is and we have lighter expenses for the quarter albeit sometimes you have timing issues those do get spread out over a period of time, but the management team, Nora, Greg Burrows and others are doing a really good job managing the efficiencies of the operations. And then of course we know that we've just got a really strong investment performance for three and five year, which allows us still to manage a lot of a proprietary assets, which contributes to a successful franchise for a full service accumulation. But with that Im going to ask Nora to put some additional color on what the future might look like relative to those margins.
Nora Everett: Yes, as Dan said it, but you can't underestimate the power of equity market tailwinds. If you look at the daily average, up 15.5% 2Q over 2Q and so just the ability to have, for those equity markets to drive both top line and bottom line is significant. But probably as important again, not overlooking a strong fundamental, strong sales, up 25% year-to-date over year-to-date, strong recurring deposits. So the fundamental is very strong, but we certainly anticipate that the pricing pressure is going to continue. So that's why you see directionally the margins that we talk about. With that said, full year, we still expect to be at the high end of margin expectation and still expect to be at the high end of our earnings range. So we certainly are expecting continued good growth, but the margin discussion reflects both on the positive side, the equity market lift and the fact that we expect pricing pressure to continue.
Dan Houston: Did you have a follow-up, Seth?
Seth Weiss: Yeah. A follow-up, Dan, on your comments on the timing around expenses, particularly for the back half of the year. It sounds like that could just kick up a bit from a timing perspective. Any granularity you could help us there just to avoid surprises in the back half of the year?
Dan Houston: Yeah. It was not intended to be a sort of a loaded question, but from one quarter to the next, there are always some lumpiness the way expenses come in. When I think about, not only the balance of this year, but as we think about 2018 and beyond, enhancing the customer experience is a big deal for me. We know that competition and I'm not talking about financial services, Im talking more broadly that consumer has a higher expectation about what that feels like and looks like. We continue to invest in the brand and we're getting really good traction there. Its been very well received.  Technology used to be a lot about the back office and middle office and we're seeing the need to make further investments on the very front end. So you'll see us making announcements around digital technology, machine learning, artificial intelligence to help us do a better job, servicing customers and running the business. And then, Jim mentioned, I know when hes been on the road recently about the expansion of some of our sales operations around the world.  Again, we look at that as a good investment for today that pays off in the future. And then the last thing I would just draw your attention to is the shifting demands of consumers away from 40 Act funds and even CITs and a strong interest in exchange traded funds, ETFs, in that franchise, Jim is adding resources, talent, platforms and all things necessary. So its that sort of pent-up views that I have on, of course we have to align our expenses with revenues. We want to be mindful of that, but those are the kinds of expenses I'm thinking about for the balance of the year and into 18.
Operator: The next question will come from Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Sean Dargan: Following up on Seths question about RIS-Fee. The revenue growth in RIS-Spread is running far ahead of the guidance for the year. Should we expect that to, a, what's driving that? Is that pension risk transfer? And b, should we expect that to drop off over the back half of the year?
Deanna Strable: Sure. So to Dans comments, certainly that pension risk transfer business is absolutely helping us drive both top line and bottom line. So we're seeing that strong operating earnings growth in margins through the first half of the year, driven by all of the underlying products of spread, but in particular that pension risk transfer business. So we're going to continue to, let me back up, we've called out with regard to variable investment income as you can see from the slide, we've called out 7 million pretax for 2Q.  In addition to that, we've had a -- in 2Q, we've had a mortality experience gain at a similar amount about $7 million pre-tax as part of that pension risk transfer business. We don't necessarily expect that to repeat. So as you call those two things, as you think about those two things separately and readjusting and back those out, we're still expecting to be at the top of our outlook ranges, both with regard to net revenue growth, 10% being the top end of that range and with regard to margins. So attractive opportunities continuing in that opportunistic business of ours, pension risk transfer helping drive the top end of those ranges.
Sean Dargan: Yeah. I mean you're kind of far above the top end of those ranges now, but we'll see. Then, I have a question for Amy about the quarterly spread of the specialty benefits business. In the past, Principal said that about 20% of the earnings come in the first quarter, 25% each in the second and third and 30% in the fourth quarter. Is that pattern going to hold true this year?
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. I mean, there's lots of things that can happen with the business. And so when I think of 45% first half and 55% second half, I think that's a good representation of that seasonality thats in the business. That seasonality is going to come from our dental line and some sales related expenses. So I think that's a good marker. If you're looking at kind of the ranges we've given, we are running towards kind of the mid to upper half on those ranges for growth and margin and then the lower half on the loss ratio range, which is obviously a good combination.
Dan Houston: Does that help, Sean?
Sean Dargan: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I had a question about Brazil. There was a slowdown, some in the quarter, I know Dan, you talked about expecting a pick up back in the second half of the year, but just hoping for some more color on what you're seeing in that market?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Sure. And Ill have Luis do that. Brazil is an interesting market, because it has been so successful for so long in terms of dominating that local position with our joint venture partner, Banco do Brasil. And even as I mentioned in my prepared comments, when you think about getting 37% of the flows, it tells you just how successful they've been. So I think what we're dealing with is a modest setback on still a very, very strong franchise, but Luis, you want to go and build on that.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Ryan, again, this is Luis. We have to put in perspective that in our pension business in Brazil, we delivered $1 billion in net customer cash flows in second quarter. As Dan said and mentioned, this represent 37% of market share in that industry. We have had some slowdown in our deposit, nothing in our withdrawals that you could see in our supplement and the reason is simply one, Banco, our partner, they have been much more focused on their in-house banking products in the first part of the year rather than in other financial services product related like pensions and insurance.  So we are expecting that our partner is starting to shifting their attention in the later part of this year into other related financial products, but anyway, the $1 billion that we put together in the second quarter has also been a stellar performance for a pension company in Brazil. We do expect some improvements, but it is -- again, Brazil continues to be the leader in that industry.
Ryan Krueger: And then for Jim, performance fees were fairly I think modest in the current quarter. What are you thinking for the, I guess, the back half of the year, at this point?
Jim McCaughan: On performance fees, we did indicate back when we did the guidance last December that this would be a pretty lean year, not because of bad performance, but because of incidents, because remember a large part of our performance fees are based on real estate funds with three, five maybe even longer year periods and sometimes dependent on the time that the asset gets realized. The outflow then leads to a performance fee. This year is a bit lean on that.  We're expecting some pick up in 2018, but not much in the second half of the year. I'm actually pretty pleased though that the first half, we've seen revenues almost make up for what last year was a pretty good second quarter in performance fees. So -- and that's very sustainable, thats management fees, which in the end will also be a sign that performance fees longer term could be positive.  Just lastly on performance fees for the remainder of the year, I think the main element there may well be the year end performance fees on hedge funds and some of the other performance fee clients. I think that's very difficult to tell at the moment of what that will look like, but there will be almost for sure a number there in the fourth quarter. You can see from the past though that its fluctuated quite a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was hoping that you could provide more color on the PGI pipeline, both of new business opportunities, but also of potential at risk cases. And also, I was hoping you can quantify maybe the average fee rate differential between mandates that have been leaving as well as new business coming on in recent quarters?
Dan Houston: Yeah. The one comment I would make here, Erik and I think you just touched on it, which is a reminder to all of us. Our franchise has passive hybrid active alternatives, it has hedge funds and I think if you go back five and ten years ago, you saw a strong correlation between AUMs and the corresponding revenues. That has now been effectively separated. It is no longer -- its highly correlated, especially when we think about all the different structures, ETFs, 40 Act funds, CIT. So were going to have to be thinking about year end and communicating to you as we provide you with better outlook and guidance on what we can expect, because not every AUM today carries anywhere near the same revenue. It's so broad and what that, Ill ask Jim to add answer your similar specific questions.
Jim McCaughan: Firstly, the range that Dan talks about, it goes from 3 basis points to 2.20. So there is a very wide range, maybe ten years ago, our range was a lot narrower than that. It didn't go as high because we didn't have so many alternatives, it didn't go so low because there were less in the more commoditized index products. Secondly, the two clients who took away the large mandates, I should emphasize are still clients and are still buying added value capabilities from us.  But to give the specific numbers on the large mandates that were mentioned, the 3.3 billion in two large mandates that were lost in the second quarter was on 7 basis points. If I look at the average for the deposits in the second quarter of 4.5 billion, the average was 42 basis points. So in other words, those assets are much heavier in their impact on revenue than the ones we lost. And actually if you will trade $1 billion account for $200 million higher added value on for the same client, the flows look terrible, but youre ahead in terms of the quality of the business. The pipeline is strong.  We do regularly review the pipeline and I would actually say just subjectively without a lot of numbers, it's probably the strongest it's been and I think it demonstrates that with our capabilities in specialty strategies, in multi-asset strategies the ability to add value, we are in a pretty good place to grow the revenue. So if you like, Im a lot more confident that well continue to produce above industry revenue growth than I am about the fee -- the flows in any given quarter.  Lastly, on cases at risk, yes, those got to be cases at risk because things change and the hedging has been a source of some difficulty, both when we had dollar strength last year and then when we had increasing hedging costs on the Japanese yen this year. So there are cases that are at risk, not anything extraordinary though, not anything that makes the clients unhappy and we're certainly confident that it wont be a matter of losing clients, it's more a matter of shifting balances on particular clients. So I'm really just trying to portray that we're managing this business more for revenue than for flows, but obviously the flows is an indicator you need to look out.
Erik Bass: And one follow-up just on the investment performance and the one year numbers continue to face some pressure and I was hoping for a little bit more color there on what's driving it now, as we move into the back half of the year, how you see that changing as kind of, I think the second half of last year was a bit challenging.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You just hit on it too and Jim can elaborate, what was a rough third and fourth quarter year ago.
Jim McCaughan: Yeah. And the annual numbers should look a little bit better as those rough quarters that Dan mentioned roll off, hopefully well do better in the second half of this year. But it's also, there is a bit of noise around the performance numbers and Ill give you a couple of statistics that may help here. If I look at our year-to-date results, how we're doing in 2017, 53% by number of our funds are above median. That doesn't sound great. That sounds almost random. But if I cut out the funds that are either indexed or predominantly indexed and remember this is a period when active management has paid off.  Excluding those, we are 67% above median year-to-date. I think that shows that we're still on track with our very focused multi boutique strategy, leading to very tightly focused investment teams that can outperform. So I remain confident that we've got plenty of good stuff for our sales people to use versus clients. We mentioned 56^ by number had four and five star in the US mutual funds. Its actually 69% by assets, which I think really shows that our sales people have a lot to work with. So that's kind of underlying my continuing confidence, which is, as I said, more on revenues than on flows.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar Peeler with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question for Luis on just the Chilean business. Like what's really driving the outflows there and do you see it more as being systemic or is it more of an aberration? And then relatedly, we've seen one of your competitors cut fees by a decent amount, MetLife subsidiary in Chile. Are you planning on any reductions in your fees in the market?
Dan Houston: Thanks, Jimmy for the question. Oftentimes, you reflect back on certain deals that you did and how you feel about the country in total. And as we go back and still interrogate our decisions around starting in the voluntary business, nearly 10 years ago and certainly the mandatory business within the last five years, were reassured we're in the right markets. Some things challenge you from time to time on the political front, but I'll ask Luis to delve right into your questions related to the flows and what our outlook is. Luis?
Luis Valdes: Yes. Jimmy, thanks for your question and probably you remember a couple of quarters ago that I mentioned to you that the main reasons for those outflows are two. The first reason is more customers are anticipating their retirement decisions and Cuprum is an accumulator and at the same time, weve paid programmers withdraw. So there is a source of, Id say, outflows and the second reason for these outflows is about market aggressiveness. And we have been in a kind of an interesting environment, but if youre looking in our supplement, our deposits, our ability in order to put deposits remains intact.  So my comment about that is that the discussions about pension reforms and movements in that market is making us our inflows a little choppy, but I like to go back with Cuprum and I want to try to qualify my answer is, we are managing today more money in Cuprum than at any given point on its history. Thats number one. Number two, Cuprum is still in this kind of environment, a very resilient company and we are reporting in a normalized base, more earnings and revenues and theyre slightly apt in a TTM and also in quarter over quarter and in a sequential quarter.  So even having those negative net customer cash flows again, Im saying that we are very pleased and with Cuprum and Cuprum, we have improved that very resilient organization and business. The discussion about the pension reform, which is driving all this kind of noise that you have mentioned, it is a very interesting one, but weve remained very optimistic about the future of the pension industry in Chile and in particular about Cuprum, but Chileans are not saving enough, and thats a main reason for the market adequacy that we do have there. So this is actually where were working, paying a lot of attention about asset retention, claim retentions. We have seen improvements in May, June and July in our net customer cash flows so we remain optimistic going forward.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a follow-up for just for Dan. As youre looking at your sort of global footprint in the international business and also just your capabilities on the asset management side, are you still interested in acquisitions and if so, what specific markets or asset classes and all the environment in those markets for deals.
Dan Houston: So I guess a couple of points I would make. First, from a geographical perspective, when you think about the countries we're in and we face those off against, our projections for kind of 2025 and 2050 and where we think the emerging markets are going to grow in developing middle classes that would likely be candidates for buying these sorts of products and services, it is Chile, it is India, it is Brazil, it is India, it is in those markets where we've planted seeds and been there for a long time. So in terms of geography, I feel really, really good about where we are operating today and again, a lot of credit goes to Barry and Larry over the years for making sure we got into the right markets.  The second thing I would say as it relates to products and services, it's been amazing to me Jimmy how much they've evolved to look a lot the same around the world and both in terms of structures and asset classes. And I know both Jim and Luis have talked on many occasions that it's really local investing, regional investing and then global investing. I think what's changed to me is the pace of play, its just evolving more quickly. So we do have to continue to be nimble, we have PI and PGI working very closely together to make sure that we're as efficient as we can be in building our products and solutions, investment solutions locally. Having said that, we'd still like to do more infrastructure.  We think that that's an asset class thats very interesting. European real estate and more, other markets where we can leverage our real estate capabilities from the United States would be good. And I think again, you're witnessing the advantage of the boutique model with the uncorrelated investment result. CCI has struggled in some of their strategies while we have other mid small and large cap capabilities and other boutiques that have performed quite well, but we have shopping list, we have very active pipeline; Tim Dunbar, Lou Flori and team just do a terrific job of sorting through it, but we feel again good about the countries, we feel good about the shopping list relative to where we could add capabilities and in some extreme instances, scale.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just a follow up to Jimmys line of questioning on the capital deployment, just kind of given how the stock has had a nice move so far this year and more multiples are, is the thought that maybe capital deployment would skew a little bit more towards M&A over the next couple or quarters or do you think buybacks at this level are still attractive?
Dan Houston: You phrased the question around line of questioning, it sounds more like a deposition, but I appreciate that Suneet and all kidding aside. So a couple of thoughts. The first where we want to focus is on organic growth. We think that that's good value for our shareholders and building scale, building capabilities. The spread business that youve seen, nice growth in here in the last couple of years with again things we're getting properly -- investors are being properly rewarded with good returns there. The targeted payout ratio was a high priority to get to that 40%. So you've seen us increase the dividend.  There has been a lot of work in the last 12 months on the repositioning of debt ladder to make sure that that was in good order, so that we didnt experience something as we did back in 2008 and 2009 when we had some debt maturing that was short term in nature. And then of course, as I mentioned earlier, we feel good about our pipeline for M&A. And against selectively purchasing our shares, but I have a lot of confidence that well hit that 800 million to 1.1 billion of capital deployment for the full year 2017.
Suneet Kamath: Obviously, stock price is a good problem to have. Just on China, following up on Humphreys question, could that be an opportunity for you guys to deploy capital going forward?
Dan Houston: Yeah. It absolutely does represented a good opportunity. Its a big market. If you look at CCB pension, theyve already grown to be over $100 billion in a short period of time that they've been in business. They're adding a lot of scale and capability. It will take investment there to fully build out whats going to be necessary, but I would definitely say that as we think about gaining more momentum, more capabilities in Brazil, in Southeast Asia with our joint venture partner, CIMB as well as in China, there will be an ample opportunity to deploy capital quite wisely to help build on the prior success.
Operator: The final question is from John Nadel with Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: I guess a question on RIS spread and I sort of talked about this I think last quarter too. I'm looking at -- I know you've talked about a couple of adjustments that we should think about for the pre-tax operating income there, mostly variable investment income, but also some mortality gains. If I make those adjustments and I look at the growth on a year-to-date basis versus the first half of 17, account value growth is up I think about 11% year-over-year on average, but your core pre-tax operating income is up about 28% year-over-year. Can you help us understand a little bit better, is there a significant mix shift going on in the account values that's driving the margin higher here or was the first half of 16 just lower than normal level of earnings and thus we're recovering, just a little help there would be, Id like to hear some commentary there?
Dan Houston: John, youre hitting on some good topics there. And variable investment income certainly has been a nice tailwind to enjoy in prepays and those sorts of things, but Ill ask Nora to pile on here with some additional thoughts on what that might look like going forward?
Nora Everett: Yeah. So, John, youve hit on some of the delta, the higher, obviously higher VII, higher mortality experience gains, lower expenses, but there are -- to your point, there's also some higher course spread and when you talk about product mix, it's as much about the opportunities we've had in those opportunistic businesses. So you think about the pension risk transfer business, you think about investment only. We certainly have gained around some of that core spread, but with that said, we still take you back to those outlook ranges and the high end of those outlook ranges, because as you take out some of those items that I identified, yes, it brings you to the high end or slightly over the range. But there's a mix -- there's a product mix there, but it's a combination of those drivers. So we're just wanting you to take a balanced approach as you look through to what's driving this first half of the year relative to the second half.
Dan Houston: Well, its been kind of interesting to me to see the demand for income and retirement, whether it's by individual or corporations trying to get out from underneath these liabilities associated with their defined benefit plan and that places where weve played is, youve been in a relatively small end of that marketplace, and were getting good pricing relative to what historically you would have thought. We would have had, so again, we look at that, its not only opportunistic, but its certainly been opportunistic in our favor within the last few years.
John Nadel: Well, thats I guess sort of the point that I'm trying to get at right is that, this is, I mean, you guys call the segment RIS spread. So spread based earnings in a difficult spread environment and you're, even if I make those adjustments for higher variable investment income and other things, you're outpacing your account value growth, earnings growth is outpacing account value growth by almost 3 times in a tough spread environment. So it has to be a mix shift, no?
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think the other comment I would make, John, is we have shown very strong sales over the last two years in this segment and it takes a while for those sales to actually translate into earnings. And so again, you did kind of a point-to-point account value growth, but obviously some of the emergence of those earnings do take some time. And so I think it's important to look at the increase in earnings, but probably more importantly to look at kind of what we're earning today and what we think that run rate is going forward, which I think if you normalize for the variable investment income and the mortality gain is really a good earnings to kind of build on going forward. And so I think that emergence of earnings relative to the growth is probably the other piece that's important to think about as well.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please?
Dan Houston: Yeah. Just maybe three very quick comments. The first of which is from our vantage point, we believe the fundamentals of these businesses are very much intact. Secondly, we're going to continue to focus and find that delicate balance between growth and profitability. And the third is, were going to put a lot of emphasis on understanding the needs of our customers. That is our highest priority to make sure that we remain relevant to our customers and we all know that it's a very dynamic and shifting market, but we look forward to seeing you on the road. And again, thank you for taking the time today to participate in the call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 PM Eastern Time until end of day, August 4, 2017. 48354928 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056, US and Canadian callers; or 404-537-3406, international callers.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Houston - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Deanna Strable - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nora Everett - President of Retirement and Income Solutions and Chairman of Principal Funds Luis Valds - President, Principal International James McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Tom Gallagher - Evercore ISI John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Seth Weiss - Bank of America Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan John Nadel - Credit Suisse Ryan Krueger - KBW
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups first quarter conference call. As always our materials related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and new CFO, Deanna Strable will deliver some prepared remarks then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Companys most recently annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures maybe also be found in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Houston: Thanks John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll share some performance highlights and accomplishments that positions for continued growth. The Deanna will follow with details on our financial results and enough data on capital deployment and our investment portfolio. First quarter was a good start to the year for Principal. We continue to deliver strong growth execute on a customer focused solutions oriented strategy, balance investments and growth in expense discipline, and be good stewards of shareholder capital. At $371 million of after tax operating earnings we delivered 29% growth compared to first quarter 2016, this reflects good underlying growth across our fee, spread and risk businesses. It also reflects some softness in prior quarter driven by equity market and foreign currency headwinds. Over the trailing 12 months we increased assets under management or AUM by $72 billion or 13% to a record $620 billion. This reflects strong asset appreciation and nearly $20 billion of positive net cash flow and it provides a solid foundation for revenue and earnings growth for the year. During the quarter we again receive some notable third party recognition including Best Mix Fund in Mexico for Morningstar, Benchmark Fund of the Year in Hong Kong, and multiple best fund Awards in Malaysia from Thomson Reuters Lipper. Additionally our global high yield and preferred securities Dublin funds received multiple Lipper Best Fund Awards in New York. Our longer term Morningstar investment performance remains among the best in the industry and actually improved from year end as shown on Slide 5 at quarter end 80% of principal mutual funds, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for three year performance, and 89% were above median for five year performance. Clearly the three and five year rankings are critical given our focus on managing assets for retirement another long term strategies. Our one year performance with 46% above median is down from year end and compared to a year ago. We continue to watch this closely, but view this as part of the normal ebb and flow of investment performance. After a somewhat disappointing 2016 our investment performance rebounded in the first quarter was 67% of our active funds above median. Over the past 20 quarters on average 75% of our investments were above median for one year performance with more than 80% above median for the three and five year periods. First quarter 2017 was our 24th consecutive quarter of positive total company net cash flow. This reflects strong consistent investment performance, solutions that resonate with retirement retail and institutional investors, the diversification and non-correlation of our global multi asset, multi manager, multi boutique model and the integration of our businesses enabling us to meet investor needs across life stages. Before moving on, I'll share a couple of additional thoughts on first quarter net cash flow, I was particularly pleased with the net inflows for Principal International. For RIS-Fee and RIS-Spread and from the U.S. retail funds business, despite the undeniable success of ETS across the industry and with the ETF garnering record net cash flows in the first quarter we continue to have great success selling our value added active strategies and solutions. I'll also comment on PGIs institutional net cash flow. As a general point institutional flows tend to be uneven in any given quarter. We'll see investors harvest gains and rebalance portfolios. And as we saw again this quarter, we can also experience withdrawals as we reach the end of fixed term mandates, while institutional flows for the quarter were at net negative $900 million in total, eight boutiques generated at least to $100 million of net inflows. Just four boutiques had net outflows an excess of $100 million. While Columbus Circle experienced negative net cash flows of $1.3 billion in the first quarter. We are pleased to see a recovery in investment performance at this boutique during the quarter. Despite flat net cash flows for PGI in the first quarter, operating revenues less pass through commissions were up nearly 14% over the year ago quarter. As expected and previously signaled we also had net outflows in China during the quarter due to withdrawals of short term funds. Despite recent outflows we've increased AUM in China by $40 billion or 70% compared to a year ago. Growth in China is helping to further diversify our revenue and earnings strings overall, in fact China is the third largest contributor to PI's pretax operating earnings. In Chile, retention improved significantly from year end, but we still have negative net cash flows reflecting continued turmoil in the Chilean Pension System importantly the business remains resilient with record AUM in first quarter we're managing more customer money today than anytime in Cuprums history. We continue to be recognized as the top service provider and a top tier investment manager. Recent pension reform proposals have identified the real issue the need for a higher savings rate will continue to be actively involved in the dialogue on creating a sustainable retirement system in Chile, one that creates adequate income in retirement for its citizens through both mandatory and voluntary solutions. I'll now share some key execution highlights in the first quarter. We continue to expand and enhanced our solution set with a focus on really four key areas. Outcome based funds with a particular focus on income solutions, alternative investments to enhance diversification and manage downside risk, our international retail platform to capitalize on opportunities in Latin America, Asia and Europe our ETF and CIT platforms to provide lower cost investment options to complement our more traditional active strategies. Fund launches during the quarter included two new asset allocation strategies on our U.S. platform designed to control volatility and the global multi-asset income fund on our usage platform. We also submitted three risk focused fund to fund products designed for individual savers for regulatory approval in China. These products will help fill in that country in long term allocation driven solutions. We continue to advance our multichannel multiproduct approach to distribution as well. As key developments we opened a new office in Zurich to strengthen and develop customer relationships and enhance our ability to deliver long term investment capabilities to investors and institutions throughout Europe. We continue to get our funds added to recommended list and model portfolios. We earned more than 20 total placements during the quarter, getting 17 different funds on a dozen different third party platforms with success across asset classes. We expand our partnership with Zenefits beyond specialty benefits adding our new digital 401(k) solution to their benefits exchange platform. We added new bank products to our online IRA self-serve rollover capability. And we launched a new Individual Disability Income solution partnering with Life Preserve the self-short term Individual Disability Income insurance online. In addition, we continue to make progress on our digital advice and sales platforms not only in the U.S., but also in Latin America and Asia. Responding to demand for technology driven services, improving the customer experience overall enabling us to cost effectively serve customers with account balances of all sizes. Clearly digital is influencing our product set and our distribution reach as we drive toward solutions that are simpler and faster, address our future generations will buy financial services, as well as reduce barriers to action and eliminate pain points for customers and advisors. There'll be more to come throughout the year on these new developments, and on enhancements to existing capabilities including digital enrollment, online purchasing, as well as accelerated underwriting. Before closing a quick update on the DOL Fiduciary Rule, the delay in the applicability date to June 9, 2017 doesn't change much for Principal. We continue to work closely with our distribution partners, and to actively engage in discussions around the implementation of the final rule. This work has only strengthened our relationship with these key partners. We remain confident in our ability to comply and remain focused on helping advisors deliver retirement, protection and income solutions to their customers. I'll close with some additional third party recognition that speaks volumes about who we are as a company. We received multiple Best Places to Work awards during the quarter, and for the seventh time Principal was named by Ethisphere Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. We still operate in world where most people are under saved, under insured and under advised. Our strategy remains intact as is our commitment to do more to be part of the solution. We go forward from a position of strength with excellent fundamentals and the benefit of broad diversification. I look for us to continue to build momentum in 2017 and for that momentum to translate into long term value for our shareholders. Deana?
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Dan. First I'd like to start out by saying; I'm honored to have the opportunity to be the CFO at Principal. Well, I may be a new face and voice in the CFO role, I've been at Principal for a long time 27 years, in that time I have gained invaluable experience, running in our U.S. insurance businesses, and I am excited to leverage that experience as I transition into this role. On the call this morning, I'm going to keep my comments focused on the key contributors to our financial performance during the quarter. I'll finish with an update on our capital deployment strategy and additional details around our investment portfolio. The first quarter of 2017 was a strong start to the year for Principal, and a continuation of our strong results in 2016. I'm pleased with our integrated and diversified business model and how our businesses are performing. Total company operating earnings of $371 million increased nearly 30% and operating earnings per share of $1.27 increased 31% over the prior year quarter. We had a few significant variances during first quarter that resulted in a net benefit to operating earnings. Pretax impacts of these items included a $16 million benefit from higher than expected variable investment income that benefited RIS-Fee, RIS-Spread and Specialty Benefits about equally. A $12 million benefit from higher than expected in encaje returns and Principal International. These items were partially offset by a $6 million assessment in Specialty Benefits associated with the Penn Treaty liquidation. Net income available to common stock holders was $349 million for first quarter 2017 including net realized capital losses of $17 million. Credit losses continue to be below our pricing assumptions. First quarter 2017 ROE excluding in ALCI other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 14.6% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact from the 2015 and 2016 actuarial reviews ROE of 15.1% improved more than 200 basis points compared to a year ago, reflecting strong earnings growth and discipline capital management. Keep in mind that over the long term we expect to improve ROE by 30 basis points to 60 basis points per year with fluctuations in any given period. These results were fueled by strong business fundamentals, underline sales growth and disciplined expense management. Macroeconomic conditions have been and will continue to be volatile. First quarter 2017 benefited from changes in macroeconomic condition including strong equity market performance as the daily average S&P 500 index increased more than 6% from fourth quarter and 19% from the prior year quarter and a weaker U.S. dollar and strengthening international economies particularly in Brazil and Chile. The first quarter 2016 results were dampened by headwinds from these same factors. As a reminder there is seasonality in some of our businesses. First quarter earnings are seasonally lower in Principal global investors from higher payroll taxes, and specialty benefits due to seasonally hired total claims and sales related expenses. Also mortality can be volatile quarter-to-quarter and its impact varies by business unit. In first quarter 2017, mortality experience was favorable for the pension risk transfer business in RIS-Spread slightly favorable and individual life and slightly unfavorable in Specialty Benefits. As Dan indicated total company AUM increased 13% from a year ago to a record $620 billion in first quarter 2017. This strong growth in AUM was driven by positive investment performance, favorable foreign currency translation, and importantly positive total company net cash flows nearly $20 billion over the trailing 12 months including $3.7 billion during the first quarter. As expected total company net cash flows rebounded from fourth quarter 2016 levels of $900 million and exceeded our first quarter 2016 cash flows of $3.3 billion. Once strategy that has proven successful for our U.S. retirement business has been our multi-manager investment platform that offers our customers best-in-class solutions, including affiliated and non-affiliated managers, as well as a suite of target date investments with both active and hybrid solutions. Our target date suite flows in the first quarter remain positive with strong sales and contribution from our retirement plan participants. Digging deeper into the business unit results, it's important to reiterate our focus on balancing growth and profitability. This means finding the appropriate balance between managing expenses and maintaining pricing discipline while continuing to invest in product and service solutions that meet our customer's needs. On a trailing 12 month basis and excluding the impact of the 2016 actuarial assumption reviews, first quarter 2017 revenue growth and margins were within or above the 2017 guidance ranges for all of our businesses. All of my comments today on business unit earnings will exclude the impact of the significant variances I mentioned earlier. Ill also focus my comments on the business units with notable differences from expectations, as always reported business unit results and key drivers can be found in the Slides and the press release. Principal global investors and individual life pretax operating earnings and key metrics were in line with expectations in the first quarter. Each continues to produce growth and margins that look very attractive relative to industry results. As shown on Slide 6, RIS-Fee pretax operating earnings of $139 million increased 22% over the year ago quarter. The strong increase in earnings was driven by higher net revenue stemming from higher account values as a result of favorable investment performance and positive net cash flows. Turning to RIS-Spread on Slide 7, pretax operating earnings were $95 million or 40% higher than the prior year quarter. RIS-Spread account values grew 11% over the year ago quarter driven by strong sales in the pension risk transfer business, and fixed annuities as well as opportunistic issuance and investment only. Additionally mortality gains in our pension risk transfer business contributed to earnings. We remain disciplined when deploying capital to our spread and risk businesses, we continue to see attractive opportunities in our pension risk transfer business, especially in our target market of small to medium size businesses. As shown on Slide 9, pretax operating earnings for Principal International were $89 million compared to the year ago quarter on a constant currency basis, Principal Internationals pretax operating earnings growth rate continues to be in the mid-teens. This reflects our strong execution in both Latin America and Asia. In fact Brazil, China, and Hong Kong all had record pretax operating earnings in the first quarter. In line with our diversification strategy in the emerging markets we operate in on a trailing 12 month basis, Asia represents nearly 20% of PIs pretax operating earnings increasing revenue and earnings diversification for PI and Principal in total. We continue to focus on deepening our existing relationships in PI, in particular collaborating with one of our existing joint venture partners China Construction Bank to become a partner in its pension company in China. Moving to Slide 10, Specialty Benefits quarterly pretax operating earnings were $46 million and 18% increase from the year ago quarter driven by growth in the business and benefits of scale. Despite higher group life claims compared to the prior period, which can be volatile in any one quarter the overall loss ratio was within the targeted range for the quarter. Corporate pretax operating losses of $59 million were slightly higher than our expected run rate. Keep in mind that corporate losses can be volatile in any given quarter. We anticipate full year 2017 corporate pretax operating losses to be at the favorable and of the previously announced range of $200 million to $225 million. This range reflects the $19 million annual interest expense saving from the 2016 debt refinancing and deleveraging transaction. Turning to our investment portfolio, it continues to be high quality, well diversified, actively managed and constructed according to our liabilities. During the quarter there has been some additional scrutiny on brick and mortar retailers, and the financial stress they are facing. A couple of things I'd like to highlight. Our real estate portfolio is well positioned for the risk and opportunities of this evolving economy. As a leading real estate manager, we closely monitor geographic and property space trends and adjusts our portfolio strategies accordingly. Over the years retail space trends have shifted with e-commerce taking market share from brick and mortar stores in particular large department stores. While we've seen several store closure announcements e-commerce has provided us attractive investment opportunities in industrial and other property types, and we have anticipated these trends in our portfolio construction. It's also worth noting that our retail exposure in the commercial mortgage loan portfolio is predominantly grocery and home improvement anchored centers. Direct exposure to regional malls represents a $150 million or less than 25 basis points of our total U.S. invested assets. None of these properties were impacted by recent anchor store closure announcements. Further our exposure to risk of loss in the CMBS portfolio is modest. We underwrite and monitor our CMBS portfolio to the underlying property level and stress tests our exposure within the CMBS structure, which gives us confidence in our estimate. We remain very comfortable with our overall portfolio including the retail exposure within our commercial real estate and commercial mortgage backed securities portfolios. Moving to Slide 12, in first quarter 2017, we strategically deployed $248 million of capital including $130 million in common stock dividends, and $118 million in share repurchases. We'll continue to be strategic and disciplined in deploying capital. This balanced approach to capital deployment supports our diversified and integrated businesses, the needs of our customers and creates long term shareholder value. As earnings continue to grow, we remain confident in our ability to deploy $800 million to $1.1 billion of capital in 2017 as we previously announced. Last night we announced a $0.46 common stock dividend payable in the second quarter and 18% increase from the prior year period at 38% we are well on our way to our targeted 40% dividend payout ratio. In closing I see great opportunity in our future, and I'm excited to grow in my new role as CFO. I look forward to meeting with each of you as I get out on the road in the coming months. This concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for listening to our call today. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Dan, Id like to start with a question on strategy in M&A. Can you comment just broadly on things youd be interested in the M&A front, I know you've done certainly more in the way of action management deals international pension, how about the good benefit space, is that an area that you'd be interested in pursuing M&A or is it more likely to remain with what you've been doing in the last several years?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, thanks Tom for the question, and good morning. To answer the question, M&A is in your goal part of our strategy, we're look for the right combinations and that usually starts with making it in an accretive transaction. There's really two reasons why we go out there, one is to add additional capabilities, and we've done that over the years as you point out, whether it's around a different investment asset class or whether or not it's a capability within our core businesses so capabilities is a big part of it. The second one is around scale, the scale in the retirement business, scale in the asset management business, you asked a specific question around group benefits. We would be curious of course, if there is a good match out there that overlays our existing commitment to small to medium size employers, where we think additional scale could be helpful to our long term shareholders. Having said that, I would tell you that we feel very good about the current portfolio of businesses and our current capabilities, and so for there to be a transaction for Principal it would have to be a very financially favorable. My last comment I want to make and I think I touched on this the last quarter as well. We've got very favorable relationships with our joint venture partners in China and Brazil and Southeast Asia, sometimes theyre going to different countries, we want to make sure that we're able to support that, but oftentimes just to look at their overall strategy, and if we can complement their strategy by adding additional capabilities from Principal across our range of products, we want to be good partners to do that. Does that helpful Tom?
Tom Gallagher: That is Dan. And then just shifting gears to Deanna just on the RIS margins were above target. Can you comment at all, I think there was some lower deck amortization and expenses were pretty favorable? Could you comment on where you see that trending was - would you viewed 1Q as somewhat of an anomaly and expect them to be more in line with what you've guided to or do you think you can sustain something a bit above the range here?
Deanna Strable: Yeah thanks Tom. I'll make a few comments on that and see if Nora wants to add some comments as well. I think as you listen to the script and look at our material, you are correct that even with the things that we called out the RIS earnings both Fee and Spread as well as our margins were slightly above what we would normally expect and I would expect some of that to trend down as we go through the year, but still to be at a very strong level. Obviously in RIS-Fee line our expenses in our deck were a little bit more favorable than what we would anticipate, and in the RIS-Spread we had some benefits this quarter from mortality gains, but that will normalize overtime, I think the other thing I'd say relative to that is as you know first quarter it does have some seasonality that depresses our earnings in a few of our lines and honestly I'd say those were two pretty offsetting factors in the first quarter, so if you take out our total company normalizing items, I would say that that's a good run rate to run-off service we go through future quarters.
Daniel Houston: Nora something to add?
Nora Everett: Well just confirming that we would give what we see today and assuming equity markets cooperate with us to the balance of the year. We would expect both in RIS-Fee and in RIS-Spread to be at the high end of the margin guidance that we gave back at the outlook call.
Daniel Houston: Tom thanks for the question.
Tom Gallagher: All right that's helpful, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: Thank you. On Principal International flows were much improved from the year ago, but down from 4Q 2016. Can you talk about this is there some seasonality of play between 1Q and the rest of the quarters of the year, and then Ill have a follow-up question.
Daniel Houston: Okay, John, yeah appreciate that. And I'll have Luis Valds on that, I mean just as a broad comment as it relates to Principal Internationals net cash flows you have countries like China that could be quite disruptive large flows in and out. We try to call these out and recognize that there is going to be some level of volatility given the size and scope of these operations. Luis, some additional comments?
Luis Valds: Yeah, thanks John for your question. And lets stay focus on little bit on the longer term and if you're looking at PI trailing 12 months we put together $9.5 billion in the last trailing 12 months as of March 2017. If you're looking at the supplement, same period March 2016 it's about $7.9 billion, so its a 20% increase you know among peers. So we continue with the very strong Brazilian and solid franchise out of U.S. We do have some seasonality particularly in the first quarter, summertime in Latin America probably a longer good carnival that is needed in breakeven February, but anyway all in all we continue putting solid net consummate cash flows. And this quarter in particular was a 34th consecutive quarter with positive net cash flow as well Latham. We continue to working on and we believe that we're going to continue put in proceed in that consumer cuts going forward.
Daniel Houston: John I think you said, you had a follow-up.
John Barnidge: Yeah, thank you very much. PGI definitely saw investment performance rankings improved for three and five year, can you talk about how much of a lag you believe there is between improved investment performance on the long term rankings and resulting improved flows?
Daniel Houston: Yeah sure and I'll have Jim respond to you. Jim?
James McCaughan: Weve got something interesting one, I mean I think as was commented by Dan in the script nearly all of our boutiques have performance was good enough to be able to be pitching seriously for new business. So we're not worried about the pipeline, I think the three and five year are actually making us competitive, there is maybe a question mark that one year is not as pretty close to average. And if I can go back to our more normal rating then I think the flows would pick up, but I wouldn't want to make that a big growth story. I think the growth story is more around our ability to continue growing revenues and earnings, as we did in the first quarter.
Daniel Houston: That helped you John?
John Barnidge: It is indeed. Thanks a lot.
Daniel Houston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Seth Weiss of Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: Hi good morning, thanks for taking the question. I want to return to RIS-Spread and I understand some of the seasonal benefits that come in the first quarter, but from speaking to the team last night it sounded like mortality was maybe just a marginal improvement versus last year the year ago quarter 1Q 2016, so I'm just struggling to get a run rate down here because the growth in earnings far outpaced the growth in assets when looking over the previous years quarter. So if you could comment on what you think is in appropriate margin level or ROA level for this business that would be really helpful?
Daniel Houston: Okay, I'll have Nora do that, but before I do, I just want to remind all the investors out there, but the RIS-Spread business is really an integral and important part of our overall franchise and serving the needs of our customers. We think there's a natural growth that's going to be coming, because people are going to demand income in retirement, and not only income in retirement guaranteed income or in retirement. Principals fortunate that we do that one of two ways either through the payout business, which is more lumpy and the other of course is by providing individual retail annuities to our customers. So again I think this is an important conversation to be having, because we typically get caught up on the RIS-Fee talking about the defined contribution plan, so we see this is a real growth driver for Principal in the future. We've been in it for a very long time, and feel as if we have a lot of skill and knowledge with that I'll have Nora speak specifically to the earnings here in the most recent quarter.
Nora Everett: Sure. Obviously we had a really, really strong quarter, but if you look back and that was and that's being driven by that by the growth in the business, no doubt. But if you look back at our outlook call and look at what we talked about then with regard to net revenue growth at 5% to 10% and then pretax margins at 55% to 60% as we talked about a moment ago, we expect sitting here today looking through full year to be at the high end of that margin based on what we're seeing here in 1Q equally important with regard to net revenue growth again sitting here today looking out at 1Q and projecting forward. We would expect to be at the high end of that net revenue growth as well. What was driving some of the high 1Q over and above the strong growth in the underlying business were things like the variable investment income that we called out, we called out a piece of that a $5 million piece of that, but there we also are looking forward it at variable investment income and that and that's what's moderating some of that view. The mortality gains in 1Q were about $9 million, so on an absolute basis its certainly helped drive 1Q. And again as we look at all those things and project forward, we would expect to be at the high end of that that net revenue growth outlook.
Seth Weiss: Okay, thank you. If I could just press on just the profitability there, because even if I take out the mortality games end of the PI above trend, I saw get to a quarterly ROA of about 90 basis points, which is a full 10 basis points to 12 basis points better than what you did in 2016 on an adjusted basis, so just seems that the earnings run rate had a dramatic improvement there, and I'm just having a hard time reconciling it as I think about a run rate.
Daniel Houston: Let me have Deanna dive down into that one little bit more detail.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, I think as we pointed to really focus on the return on net revenue versus the return on assets. And I think Nora is correct that the current quarter would be above that range some of that's going to normalize as we go throughout the year we wouldn't expect mortality gains in every single quarter. And so again, I think the more appropriate way to look at that is the return on net revenue and as Nora mentioned we do as we look through the remainder of the year and consider our first quarter results, we expect to be at the favorable and of our guidance range relative to that return.
Seth Weiss: Great thank you.
Daniel Houston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Hi good morning. Just question for Luis we were just noticing during the quarter I think Provida cut its compensation pretty sizably in some asset classes are some products in the quarter. So just wondering if there is some additional competitive pressure that's going on in Chilean market?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, Suneet thanks for that question. And of course, we monitor every one of these markets very closely, and they all have their own kind of unique aspects and what we would tell you is very consistent, I have Luis comment here in just a minute, from the very beginning when we were identifying the right target in the Chilean marketplace we're looking where we felt like we could have the most long term success, and that had a lot to do with the makeup of Cuprum and relationship to the other potential acquisition we could have made and that's proving out to be the case, and Luis maybe we can delve into that a little bit closer and talk about some the details.
Luis Valds: Yeah, sure. Suneet its important to keep in mind first that Provida and Cuprum are two important patients companies, but focus on different market segments. So we don't see Provida as a direct competitor thats number one. And number two, we follow very closely what all those pensions companies are doing in the market, how they position themselves. And I do really understand whether doing and why they're doing. But having that in our case, Suneet and due to our consumer segment that we're focused on, but in fact is the one that has the highest average balance for costumer in that market, we continue with a more differentiated value proposition to them. So to our customer, our valuable solution to our customers based on superior long term investment performance, financial advice and excessive customer service, in fact, we have received the number one customer service ranking in the last five periods and we competing ranking number two in the long term investment performance. So we do position Cuprum in a very unique way in order to be very much more focused on the segment that we serve in Santiago, Chile.
Daniel Houston: That helps Suneet?
Suneet Kamath: Yeah does, and then just a follow-up for Luis on the joint market it seems like on these calls we've talked about uncertainty in the pension market for quite a few quarters now. So I guess what is the outlook there at what point do we think we'll have some stability in that market?
Luis Valds: Yeah you know the whole discussions the pension reform is making that markedly you know kind of an easy bet. First of all let me try to go back and try to put all my comments under into perspective about the Chile and then our to Chile performance in particular. Our trailing 12 months operating earnings in Chile they believe were $148 million of pretax, this is number one. So its a 7% increase over same periods in 2016, same thing for our revenues also growing at 7%. So with all these discussion what I'm trying to say to you Suneet that this is a very resilient you know operation and an asset. Also we're reporting in this quarter our AUMs are record high $44 billion for our franchise in Chile, and also record high for our AUMs and Cuprum $37 billion that we manage for our costumer, thats a record point in the whole history of Cuprum. In that sense we're well aware and we understand that we have been experienced some outflows over the past three quarters, although it's still negative, our first quarter 2017 we have shown meaningful improvements in our retain customers and clients. And our management team is Cuprum is going to continue to be in laser focus on improving our net customer cash flows within our company. And again in order to do that, we do rely on our track record as I mentioned to you to serve our customer needs and expectations particularly in the areas like a superior loans investment performance and customer service, so this where were and we're going to continue working for. So this is essentially where we are.
Daniel Houston: Thank you Suneet for the question
Operator: Your next question is from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just a question on the China earnings contribution, looking at a local currency basis is actually improved by more than 20% year-over-year, I was just wondering how much of that was benefit from you have a make shift in your AUM based shipping to the mutual fund as opposed to the money market fund? And then also in terms of the flows in this quarter from a growth sales perspective, can you share in terms of the mix between the mutual funds versus the money market funds product?
Daniel Houston: Yeah, so good question. And your question was a little hard to hear on this in for some reason Humphrey, but I think we've got it generally. And the reality is this we've worked very closely with China Construction Bank on focusing in emphasizing these long term assets more long term in nature and to discourage really loading up on money market or short term assets, and so that's been a very deliberate strategy, and with that I'll ask if Luis would like to add some additional detail on what it looks like going forward?
Luis Valds: Yes, thanks for your question. Uncertainly if you're looking our numbers and supplement and growing up of facts regular earnings $13.4 million for China, and but if you're looking our net revenues and if youre looking the growth of our net rose in China quarter-over-quarter 18% and in consecutive quarter 4%, so we continue online and in trying to put a double digit growth for this year. The main ship that we are experience it is as any other country, is a very motivated because China is very government policy driven market. And today and this year 2017 in particular is a year of political transition, so you know a power She is going to renew is the second term so this is the year that the Chinese government they are looking for no surprises to lower the risk to deleverage and the risk that the financial markets. So in that sense we continue to focus on our strategy those money that flow into our company money market is usual mandate very small fees in that were incidental, but we continue focus on our target market which is to put long term saving products or the middle class in China and these are much more higher fees based and based on mutual funds. So this is the numbers and we continue transition in that sense.
Daniel Houston: Humphrey if that accurately answer your question?
Humphrey Lee: Yeah, I think want Im trying to get in terms of the gross deposits in the quarter the $46 billion what portion of that would be going into those lower cost in money market funds versus those going to the higher long term - higher fee long term assets.
Daniel Houston: Probably less than 20% thats my - but we can go back to you to provide that information very precisely.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, thank you. And then just one more question if I can, on the life insurance side with the proposal from the White House that potentially be a repeal of a state tax, and then looking at Principals life insurance business account, looking at the average policy count, tends to be a little bit on the higher side, so I was just wondering if you have any high level thoughts right now in terms of what a repeal of the state tax would affect your life insurance business in general?
Daniel Houston: A good question, and you're right, it will be at a high level, and it will be speculative, because we really don't have much detail out of the White House except to say broadly, they're looking for an across the board reduction in corporate tax rates, to try to stimulate the economy, and I would call your attention in fact that a lot of the discussion has to do with growing and helping small to medium size businesses, so a revised tax policy that stimulates small to medium sized growth for small business, is good for PFG. I look at it really in two buckets, the first bucket is really around retirement savings, and implications either at the corporate level or the individual level, and I come to this conclusion, employees generally benefit significantly by employer matches, regardless of what the impacts on the tax deferral might be in a 401(k) plan and again it's not a tax deduction and simply a tax deferral they benefit from employer matches, they benefit from payroll deduction and they benefit from institutionally priced products. So that's a big part of our franchise, as you know Humphrey. The second around is state planning whether they're using life insurance or mutual fund as a funding device for non-qualified deferred compensation, which is another important part of our franchise is key. And then lastly for key man insurance, I don't see that that goes away, if you have a individual there are two key partners, and it's they're trying to drive the success of the business, life insurance proceeds are what ensure that that business can continue to go on, and a lot of a state planning will see what happens in the ultimate bill whether or not theres a tax bill or not. But I just dont think that Principal has a disproportionate percentage of its business thats a directly tied to a state planning that there wouldnt be that additional in needed life insurance protection. So I would say we think were sitting actually in a very favorable position related to the tax reform, again at the core of that is growing small to medium sized businesses. Is that helpful?
Humphrey Lee: Yes. Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jimmy Bhullar of J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. I had a couple of questions. First just on the fee retirement business, you had pretty strong flows this quarter. And just wondering to what extent that gives you confidence for the rest of the year and are you do you feel that you could exceed your 1% to 3% target on from net flows for the year as a whole?
Daniel Houston: Sure. Thank you for that. Ill ask Nora to fill the blanks in for you.
Nora Everett: Yeah. Thanks Jimmy for the question, obviously a really strong 1Q on net cash flow at $2.2 billion and it really reflects two things those strong sales at $3.8 billion and then this continued outstanding retention. Across all of our planned sizes, we talked about quarterly results being lumpy income, they can be impacted by one or two larger cases decisions weve had that discussion before. As you look at that 1% to 3% that weve talked about with regard to positive net cash flow as a percentage of the beginning of the year comp value. Its important to remember that when were in this rising when we were in rising equity markets that can put pressure on that percentage in other words those withdrawal amounts are driven by these higher equity markets, but the payroll base contributions are unchanged by that market growth. So just from a percentage basis something to keep in mind, but certainly based on what we see today based on the sales pipeline. The expectation that this outstanding retention will continue to see that were comfortable in that 1% to 3% range with that caveat around these raising equity markets.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then I have a question for Jim on PGI, your flows were flat this quarter, and I think you had some fixed income mandates the matured that happened last quarter as well. So can you just give us an idea on how much more of this you have as youre looking at the rest of 2017?
James McCaughan: Yeah. Thanks, Jimmy. On the fixed income mandates there are - there is a steady kind of drip of those because we did quite a few three and five years mandates, three and five years ago. Its the way particularly Japanese funds tend to be drawn up. And the challenge we have actually for flows isnt so much just the drop off at the end of those mandates which is a kind of mission accomplished thing. Its the challenge of finding further products for them to roll into typically five years after the rolled into this one first time and thats what we are aggressively working on. But in terms of quantifying it its a study growth group it wont change much from the position in the fourth quarter last year and the first quarter of this year. The bigger number has really been the outflows of Columbus Circle and since were on flows maybe Ill mention Columbus Circle had a very, very strong start to this year in terms of investment performance. The other thing that has been done at Columbus Circle and I have to credit the management there to develop the next group of people and the work for promotions to portfolio manager among the group there. We believe the combination of the revise performance and the management clear signs of succession planning. I think thats going to help us get back clients confidence. So thats the piece that I think will ride the ship by later little bit year. So Im not pessimistic about the flow outlook.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Daniel Houston: Thank you, Jimmy.
Operator: Your next question is from John Nadel of Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: Hi, hey, good morning. Sort of going to apologize in advance, because I want to dive a little bit deeper into first RIS-Fee and second RIS-Spread. On RIS-Fee I guess the question is this recurring deposits have just been terrific sort of a steady increasing pace of year-over-year growth in recurring deposits, but transfer deposits sort of inflected this quarter. And Im wondering if you could sort of help us understand why and what to expect from that particular line item moving forward?
Nora Everett: So this is Nora, John. When you talk about transfer deposits inflecting transfer deposits were $3.9 billion. Strong on the transfer deposit side, so I mean we maybe are using that term of art in a different way than I typically used that. But certainly were always going to see when we talk about sales there sometimes can be some timing differences between the sale and then the actual transfer deposit when that when those funds come in. But if you take a look, again I would encourage you to take a long term view because quarter-over-quarter you can have a sequential quarters. You can have timing issues, but as you look at it if you take a long term view of both sales and transfer deposits they have been strong. Recurring deposits that in plan cash flow you talk about those being strong they absolutely a strong that 8% quarter-over-quarter is a very significant growth driver for us. So the transfer deposits related to sales and then the in-plan cash flow which we call recurring deposits those two things have both done very well over the last several quarters. So I may be missing your question.
John Nadel: No. I think, I understand what theyre both related to Im just, and Im not really looking at sequential because I know there can be some impact relative to the timing on the transfer deposit line. Im looking at year-over-year 1Q versus 1Q and this past bunch of quarters on a year-over-year basis youve had really good growth in transfer deposits this quarter down on the year-over-year basis. But I just wondering if there was anything to point to there that you know we might need to be thinking about.
Nora Everett: Yeah. There were a few cases a year ago that timing issue that I discussed where there was a difference in quarter between the sales when we reported sales and when the transfers came in, so thats that noise that I would identifying and that actually did happen a year ago. So thats probably what youre picking up.
Daniel Houston: John, one of the last comment on our RIS-Fee before we go to Spread in that has to do with where were at in the economic cycle and that has to do with new plan formation and we are finding ourselves in that sweet spot right now where weve far exceeded the pre-2008 period where there is a lot of new plant formation, which is exciting to us because this is interesting and fun is it is to get a transfer set of an established plan. Seeing small to medium size businesses grow add new plans and add new participants thats whats good for all of America and thats those are the kind of proof points that were on Capitol Hill talking about the effectiveness of the 401(k) model and how its working needs to be told. And I think you had a follow-up question on RIS-Spread.
John Nadel: Yeah. I was just going to comment I think I see where your second quarter is going to go. The question on Spread is, and I dont mean to beat this horse too deeply, I understand you havent really good results there. But if I look at the relationship of net revenue growth which you pointed us to these last nine months on a year-over-year basis youve had exceptional 23%, 24% growth on a year-over-year basis in net revenues. Against that the non-benefit related expenses are down on a year-over-year basis sort of low single digits. And I guess my question is this, how long can you maintain that kind of differential I mean, I know you dont expect to grow net revenues a 20% something I know your targets 5% to 10%. But can you continue to grow net revenues at a pace that so significantly exceeds the pace of expense growth.
Nora Everett: So the first thing I would say is this is a highly scalable business and certainly were getting the benefit reaping some of that scale as we grow this business. And again its an interesting dilemma to be in exceeding expectations so significantly, which weve done in RIS-Spread over and over again the last couple quarters. But weve looked forward and revisited that outlook call and really are confident that yes, were in the ballpark were going to be at the high end of the range with regard to net revenue growth. Now, will we exceed on margins, will we exceed on that revenue growth certainly possibly that can happen. But as we look at that business going forward and look at the benefit that the operating leverage that we know were going to continue to be able to read that thats where we guide you back to. If we exceed that grade, but what sitting here today as we balance both the top line and the bottom line and look at our look at that scale issue that thats where we come out today.
John Nadel: Nora, can I follow-up on that just real quick as one of the things you did so well as a company at your Investor Day was you talked to us about an outlook for 2017 and also margin outlook longer term and if this is a highly scalable business Im surprised that the shorter term 2017 margin range of 55 to 60. Isnt something higher looking out at that longer term outlook, which is also 55 to 60? So I mean is that longer term outlook really pretty conservative now as you think about what youre seeing in the dynamics of this business?
Daniel Houston: I wont say its conservative. The way I would describe that John is that we continue to have a very strong pricing discipline right now the market is in demand for this type of product we are very disciplined in how we go about setting that price. We have no reason to believe that the margin is going to expand in the future, we in likewise that there may have been some pent up demand because we have seen interest rates rise in the relatively short term here in the last year or so.
John Nadel: Okay, Dan.
Nora Everett: The other thing I would add there is a reminder that we are quite opportunistic in this space both with the full service the pension risk transfer business and our investment only business. So I think you have to add that piece to the equation as well as we are seeing some very attractive opportunities but dont forget that these are still opportunistic businesses for us so that thats another piece of the equation that we keep in mind.
Daniel Houston: Thanks for the questions, we look for some follow-up conversations, John.
John Nadel: Appreciate. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I just had a quick follow-up on the M&A discussion and just curious on how would you characterize the M&A environment at this point following the election in generally higher valuations in the market?
Daniel Houston: In one word expensive. I think is the answer theres a lot of inflated values associated with most of the businesses that were in whether its the group benefits business and you see some of these transactions on annuity blocks and life blocks weve seen it certainly on the asset management reality there hasnt been a lot of transactions, I would tell you that weve got a good set of eyes work very closely with the industry investment bankers to understand whats going on across all the continents and again we put in place with Tim Dunbars leadership a very strong and disciplined approach to reviewing these opportunities and we doable proactively as well as those things that maybe we didnt display would come to market. But the values are inflated and were going to grow the company either through organic acquisition or through M&A. And right now, the best way to deploy our capital seemingly is around more organic growth. Is that help?
Ryan Krueger: Yeah. Its helpful. Thanks a lot.
Daniel Houston: Okay.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Houston: It just a couple of quick comments, we just finished up with a series of visits with a lot of our distribution partners and advisors and theres something they kept reminded me - reminding me about as a related to the deal well change in general we do now have a new secretary of labor appointed and were excited about that. But they make the point that they really are about financial planning, helping with life and disability protection, wealth distribution strategies, asset management strategies, education funding and securing the customers, financial future. Thats the business were in. We manufacture of those products and solutions for our advisors. So regardless of the Reg tax regulatory changes the demand for these products that were engaged in is not diminished and of course our target market of small to medium sized business and individuals fits that very well. So we look forward to coming out chatting with you over the course of the next quarter about our strategy again very pleased with the transition between Terry and Deanna, and again well see out on the road. Thank you for taking the times when you listen story.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM. Eastern Time until end of day May 5th 2017. 92541154 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 thats for U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 for international callers. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan  Vice President-Investor Relations Dan Houston  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nora Everett  President of Retirement and Income Solutions and Chairman of Principal Funds Jim McCaughan  President, Global Asset Management and Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes  President, Principal International
Analysts: John Barnidge  Sandler ONeill John Nadel  Credit Suisse Jimmy Bhullar  J.P. Morgan Seth Weiss  Bank of America Erik Bass  Autonomous Research Sean Dargan  Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2017 (sic) [2016] Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Groups fourth quarter conference call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation related to todays call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A session include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Companys most recently annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, some of the comments made during this conference call may refer to non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure maybe found also in our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Dan.
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning Ill share some share some highlights for the year and key accomplishments that position us for continued growth. Then Terry will provide more details on our financial results and cover capital deployment. 2016 was a very good year for Principal. We delivered very strong results. We balanced investments and growth with the needs for expense discipline and we continue to be good stewards of shareholder capital. At over $1.3 billion, we delivered record after-tax operating earnings in 2016 and double-digit growth compared to 2015, excluding the impacts from the actuarial assumption reviews in both years. I see this is particular compelling given a challenging start to the year with strong headwinds from equity markets and foreign currency, low interest rates and volatility and uncertainty associated with Brexit, regulatory changes and the U.S. presidential election. We grew assets under management or AUM by $64 billion from year-end 2015 or 12% to $592 billion a year-end 2016. Although down sequentially due to impact of rising interest rates on our fixed income investments and the impact of weakness in the yen and euro on client currency hedging. This base gives us a strong foundation for revenue earnings growth in 2017. And we continue to earn important recognition for our asset management franchise. In the fourth quarter, Willis Towers Watson released research on a worlds largest asset managers. We again improved our rankings moving up to number 38. And we were the 10th fastest growing firm in the top 50 based on AUM growth from 2010 through 2015. Other 2016 recognition include pension investments best places to work in money management. Our 5th consecutive year on the list, Barons 6th best mutual fund company in the U.S. and Asias investors best fund house in Malaysia. We also received multiple best fund awards including, Best Moderate Balanced Funds in Chile, Best Asia-Pacific Equity Fund and Best Fixed Income Fund in Indonesia and Best Balanced Fund in Mexico. As shown on Slide 5, our longer-term Morningstar investment performance remains among the best in the industry. At year-end 2016, 76% of Principal mutual funds, separate accounts and collective investment trusts were above median for three years performance, and 86% were above median for five year performance. Our one year performance with 51% above median is down from a year ago. We continue to watch this closely, but see this is no more than the normal ebbs and flow in performance. Over the past 20 quarters on average 76% of our investments have been above median for one year performance, 86% have been above median for three year performance, and 80% have been above median for five year performance. The strength and consistency of this result is notable and boils down to conviction  conviction in our investment teams, global research platform and investment process, and conviction in diversification and non-correlation benefits of our multi-asset, multi- manager, multi-boutique model. I remain confident in our ongoing ability to stand out among active managers in terms of both investment performance and net cash flow generation. 2016 was in fact our 7th consecutive year of positive total company net cash flows reflecting competitive performance and multiple sources of demand for our investment solutions. Over the seven year period, we generated net cash flows totaling $115 billion. In 2016, Principal delivered more than $19 billion of positive total company net cash flow, a very strong result in an industry in outflows. Our track record underscores the benefit of strong diversification by investor type, asset class and geography, and strong integration of our businesses enabling us to meet investor needs as they transition from accumulation into retirement. I was particularly pleased with the net cash flow for the year in three areas. In Brazil, we generated nearly $9 billion of net cash flows, an increase of 26% from 2015. This helped BrasilPrev, our pension and long-term savings joint venture with Banco do Brasil achieve an important milestone in December and an industry first BRL200 billion and assets under management. RIS generated $7 billion of net cash flows in 2016, nearly four times our 2015 results. RIS-Fee increased total deposits by 13% reflecting strong underlying growth in the businesses and 95% contract level retention for retirement business. For RIS-Spread, record full service payout sales, as well as strong fixed annuity sales and opportunities in the investment only business, drove a 53% increase in deposits over the prior year. PGI institutional net cash flows were $3 billion in 2016, more than 80% of the boutiques delivered positive flows for the year. Our multi-manager target date suite, including mutual funds, collective investment trust, and separate accounts, saw positive net cash flows in the fourth quarter, as well as a full year 2016 highlighting the strength and diversification of our offering. Before moving on, Ill comment on two pockets of negative net cash flow in the fourth quarter. As expected and signaled in our last call, we experienced outflows of short-term funds in China. Despite the outflows we had a $65 billion of positive net flows in China for the year, including solid flows in our longer-term retail funds. As reminder China is not included and reported AUM. In Chile, we experienced outflows given turmoil in the Chilean pension system. Importantly, our fundamentals remain strong. In October, we received multiple awards from El Mercurio [ph] and their rankings of the best mutual funds in Chile. In November, we were recognized by Praxis, as the number one Chilean pension service provider, our 5th consecutive number one ranking. And in December the Superintendent of Pensions reaffirmed the merger of our legal entities in Chile. Ill now share a few execution highlights, starting with our efforts to expand and enhance our solution set. In 2016, we launched 10 new investment strategies in the U.S. and two on our offshore platform as we continue to build out our suite of outcomes based funds with a particular focus on income solutions; our alternative investment platform to enhance diversification and manage downside risk; our international retail platform to capitalize on tremendous opportunities in Latin America, Asia and Europe; and our ETF and CIT platforms to provide cost effective alternatives to pure passive management. We also remain highly focused on digital solutions that are simpler and faster, address how future generations will buy financial services and reduce barriers to action and eliminate pain points for customers and advisers. Throughout 2016, I shared some early successes. Here is an update on two of them. In its first full year, we saw strong results from our interactive retirement education enrollment resource. People enrolling through My Virtual Coach saved at a rate that is 3 percentage points higher than those using traditional enrollment and were nearly 5 times as likely to elect automatic annual savings rate increases. Were having similar success with Easyelect, our new group voluntary enrollment experience for specialty benefits. Participation is up more than 10% over traditional enrollment in particular, employers are purchasing higher amounts of life insurance coverage. Moving to distribution, we continue to advance our multi-channel, multi-product approach. In 2016, we increased the number of firms producing at least $1 billion in sales from seven to nine, including five firms producing at least $2 billion in sales for the year. And we continue to make strong progress towards getting our funds added to recommended list and model portfolios. In 2016, we earned nearly 60 total placements getting more than 30 different firms on 22 different third-party platforms with success across asset classes. Id also like to highlight promising early results for the online insurance purchasing portal. We converted more than 25% of our digital life insurance lead into sales in 2016, including nearly $140 million in face-amount sold. Ill close with some thoughts on the future. We go forward from position of strength with excellent fundamentals and the benefit of broad diversification. Regarding the impact of the new administration on the DOL Fiduciary Rule, while there is speculation around potential delays, were still prepared for an April 2017 applicability date. Importantly, well go forward with strong relationships because of our efforts to help distributors work through the implementation process. While competitive and environmental challenges clearly remain, were seeing certain headwinds beginning to abate and certain opportunities further materialized. While rising interest rates will continue to negatively impact fixed income AUM, we expect to benefit from additional pension close out and fixed annuity sales opportunities and from higher new money yields. We continue to see signs of recovery in Brazil. In 2016, with Ibovespa index improving 39% throughout the year, and the Brazilian Real strengthening 22% relative to the U.S. dollar. We also continue to make strides in China with our partner China Construction Bank. Our existing mutual fund joint venture moved up two spots in 2016. Becoming the six largest fund company in China based on year-end AUM, and were making meaningful progress in our efforts to develop a new pension and asset management partnership. Id be remiss, if I didnt comment on our upcoming CFO succession. As announced in February of last year, Terry Lillis is retiring in the coming months after 35 years of service. On behalf of the Principal, I want to thank Terry, for the strong contributions he made throughout his career. And in particular, for the instrumental role he played and guiding us through difficult times and positioning in Principal for a long and successful future. I also want to welcome Deanna Strable, to the CFO role, since she joined in the company in 1990, Deanna has held positions of increasing responsibility, including most recently President of U.S. Insurance Solutions. Deanna brings not only strong financial expertise, but importantly experience running one of the Companys most successful businesses, clearly we remain in good hands. 2016 was again a year of strong progress. I look for us to continue to build momentum in 2017 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning Ill focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter and full year. Net income including performance of the investment portfolio and Ill close with an update on capital deployment. The fourth quarter was a very strong finish to a record setting year. Total company reported a record $372 million of after-tax operating earnings in fourth quarter 2016, up 23% over the year ago quarter. Our diversified business model again demonstrates that it will grow profitability through an ever volatile macroeconomic environment. Reported fourth quarter 2016 earnings per share was a $1.27 compared to the fourth quarter 2015 earnings per share of $1.02 up 24%. However, in fourth quarter 2016, we had two substantially offsetting variances, higher variable investment income and lower than expected encaje returns. For the full year 2016, we delivered a record $1.3 billion in both total company after-tax operating earnings and net income, compared to 2015 on a reported basis, operating earnings were up 5% and net income increased 8%. Excluding the negative impact of the 2016 actuarial review and the positive impact of the 2015 actuarial review, operating earnings were up over 11%, and net income was up nearly 15% and ROE improved more than 80 basis points. These strong results reflected good growth in the business, disciplined expense management, favorable variable investment income, and balance capital deployment. While variable investment income was more favorable than our expectations for the year, it was predominantly due to real estate sales and prepayment fees that were back-end loaded in the last half of the year. Throughout 2016, the volatility in the domestic and international equity markets, as well as the fixed income market impacted our AUM. The daily average S&P 500 Index was up 1.6% from full year, depressed due to the drop in the equity market in the first quarter of 2016. The rise in interest rates in the fourth quarter of the year offset the drop in interest rates through the first three quarters, but negatively impacted our fourth quarter fixed income AUM. As Dan mentioned, AUM was up over 12% in 2016 and will contribute to future earnings growth. As always aligning growth and expenses with growth in revenue was top of mind throughout 2016, as we focused on balancing growth and profitability, while still investing in our businesses. Disciplined expense management will continue to be a focus in 2017. Now, Ill discuss the business unit results starting on Slide 6. With a fee based earnings of retirement and income solutions or RIS-Fee. Fourth quarter reported pretax operating earnings of $124 million were flat when compared to the year ago quarter. Higher variable investment income was offset by higher amortization expense. Quarterly net revenues increased 3% from the prior year quarter driven by growth in the business and higher variable investment income. Full year 2016, pretax operating earnings were flat relative to 2015 levels driven by an increase in net revenue and strong expense disciplined. Additionally, excluding the actuarial assumption review, the trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue of 33% ended the year above our 2016 guided range of 28% to 32%. RIS-Fees full year net cash flows was $4.2 billion or 2.4% of beginning of your account values reflecting strong sales and retention, as well as solid growth in recurring deposits. Net cash flow was slightly negative in fourth quarter 2016, due to a few large contract lapses, despite strong sales of $2.9 billion during the quarter. In 2016, recurring deposits increased 6% and we added nearly 1,000 net new defined contribution plans over the prior year, as differentiators like plan works and total retirement suite continue to resonate with clients. As we look forward to 2017, we remain optimistic as the fundamentals of the business remain strong. Turning to Slide 7, RIS-Spread reported pretax operating earrings of $88 million for fourth quarter 2016. Excluding $12 million of higher variable investment income during the quarter, pretax operating earnings were $76 million. This was a 21% increase over the year ago quarter, driven by growth in the business. We delivered a record $2 billion of pension risk transfer sales and capitalized on attractive opportunities investment only in 2016, coupled with strong fixed annuity sales account values increased 13% over the prior year. In the pension risk transfer business, our niche focus on plans under $500 million in assets and our ability to handle complex cases differentiates us in the industry. In 2016, the spread business capitalized on the growing demand for guaranteed income in retirement. The rising interest rate environment is fueling a strong pipeline and additional opportunities for sales growth in 2017. On a trailing 12-month basis, an excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review pretax return on net revenue was 62%. This is above our guided range, due in large part to the high level of variable investment income and continued expense discipline in 2016. Slide 8 shows Principal Global Investors fourth quarter record pretax operating earnings of $134 million, up 31% increase over the prior quarter. This growth in earnings was driven by higher revenue across the board. Management fees driven by growth in AUM, large performance fees primarily from real estate and transaction and borrower fees, as well as continued discipline in expense management. 2016 pretax return on operating revenue less pass-through commissions increased to 37% on a trailing 12-month basis. This reflects continued demand for our outcomes oriented solutions, our success in high added-value niche strategies and our strong expense discipline. As Jim mentioned in our 2017 outlook call, Principal Global Investors anticipates overall growth and management fees, as well as transaction and borrower fees. However, we do anticipate lower levels of performance fees in 2017, strictly due to fewer incidents of multi-year performance fees. Additionally, we want to remind you of the seasonality in PGIs earnings. The fourth quarter is typically the highest, due to timing of year-end performance fees, and first quarter is usually the lowest, due to elevated payroll taxes. As we look forward to 2017, the institutional pipeline remains very strong. As shown on Slide 9, excluding $11 million of unfavorable encaje performance in fourth quarter 2016, pretax operating earnings for Principal International were $77 million, a 15% increase over the year-ago quarter. In addition, relative to the prior year quarter, Principal International fourth quarter pretax earnings benefited from foreign currency tailwinds, but was more than offset by the impact of lower inflation. Excluding the impacts of encaje and the actuarial assumption review, Principal Internationals 2016 combined pretax return on net revenue was 38% within our guided range. Other highlights for the quarter included record quarterly pretax earnings of $18 million from our Asian operation. BrasilPrev maintained its leadership position in terms of market share, and captured over 50% of industry net deposits in 2016. Principal International plays an advocacy role in many of these emerging retirement markets, and there will be periods of disruption, as shown in Chile. That said, we have a diverse group of businesses, and we will remain on track to meet our guidance as we outlined in our 2017 outlook call. On Slide 10, Specialty Benefits fourth quarter reported pretax operating earnings were $72 million. Excluding $5 million of higher variable investment income during the quarter, pretax operating earnings were $67 million, up 18% over the year-ago quarter. The growth in earnings was driven by benefits of scale and underlying growth in the business. As a reminder, there is seasonality in Specialty Benefits earnings. Dental and vision claims are highest in the first quarter, and lowest in the fourth quarter. As a rule of thumb, typically 20% of full year pretax operating earnings occur in the first quarter, 25% in the second and third quarters, and 30% in the fourth quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, the Specialty Benefits loss ratio of 64% is at the lower end of our guided range, driven by our disciplined underwriting and our focus on the smaller end of the market. Strong sales and persistency have driven in-force coverages up 9%, to nearly 150,000 in 2016. Pretax return on premium and fees in Specialty Benefits was 13% on a trailing 12-month basis, excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review. This is a 90 basis point increase from our prior year period, reflecting the benefits of scale and favorable loss ratios. As shown on Slide 11, Individual Life pretax operating earnings were $35 million for the quarter, up 17% from the prior year quarter, reflecting effective expense management on a growing block of business. The trailing 12 months pretax return on premium and fees increased to 15% or 40 basis points from the prior year period. Both Specialty Benefits and Individual Life Insurance are growing faster than their respective industries, due to our focus on the small to medium-sized business market, and service differentiators. Specialty Benefits continues to drive significant top-line growth, while expanding margins. Individual Life continues to have in-line mortality, as well as success with its differentiating capabilities in the business market. Corporates 2016 pretax operating losses of $219 million were more favorable than our guided range, driven by expense management. Additionally, 2017 will benefit from our 2016 debt refinancing, with lower interest expense of $19 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $318 million, including net realized capital losses of $2 million, which included $19 million of credit-related losses. Total credit losses continued to be below our pricing expectations in 2016. We expect this trend to continue in 2017. Included in other after-tax adjustments for the quarter was a $52 million loss due to the prepayment penalty associated with a very successful refinancing of our debt and capital restructure. In conjunction with the rise in interest rates during the quarter, net unrealized gains in the U.S. investment operations fixed maturity portfolio fell to $1.3 billion at the end of 2016. This represents a large drop from third quarter 2016, but is higher than the $1.1 billion net unrealized gain at year-end 2015. As a reminder, we have a disciplined approach to asset liability management, regardless of the interest rate environment. Our investment portfolio reflects characteristics of our liabilities. It is high quality and diversified by industry, geography, property type and individual credit exposures. As a result of our disciplined approach to asset liability management, we are not forced-sellers in times of distress. As outlined on Slide 12, we used a balanced approach when weighing our capital deployment options, to enhance long-term value for shareholders. Our goal is to deploy between 65% to 70% of net income in any one year, with variability in any given period. In 2016, we deployed $856 million of capital, or 65% of net income. Deployments include $465 million in common stock dividends, $257 million in share repurchases, $94 million in debt reduction with our fourth quarter 2016 debt refinancing, and $40 million in increased ownership in our investment boutiques. In both 2014 and 2015, we were above our capital deployment guidance. In 2016, we were within our guided range. While we didnt find the right M&A opportunity in 2016, the pipeline looks strong going into 2017. We proactively issued debt in the fourth quarter to refinance near-term maturities. And as a result, we extended our maturity profile while lowering ongoing interest expense. Additionally, we completed a tender offer during the quarter that reduced balance sheet debt and lowered our leverage ratio. This adds to our financial flexibility and better-positions us for future opportunities. As shared in our 2017 outlook call, we plan to deploy $800 million to $1.1 billion of capital in a strategic and balanced manner to enhance long-term value for shareholders. The full year common stock dividend was $1.61 per share. This is a 7% increase over full year 2015, as we continue to increase our payout ratio towards our 40% target. Additionally, last night we announced a $0.45 per share common stock dividend, payable in first quarter 2017. This represents a $0.02 increase above the previous quarters dividend, and is an 11% increase on a trailing 12-month basis. Despite the volatility that we experienced in 2016, our diversified and integrated business model continues to perform well under many different economic scenarios. This is my last earnings call, and it has a significantly better feel than my first few calls in 2008 and 2009. This management team executes, and with Deanna transitioning into the CFO role in the coming weeks, Im very excited about the possibility this Company has heading into 2017. And I believe Principal is well-positioned for continued profitable growth well-beyond 2017. I have appreciated my time meeting with everyone, and being given the opportunity to tell the Principal story to anyone who will listen. I will miss our interactions most of them, anyway. Thanks for making my time as Principals CFO very enjoyable and memorable. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of John Barnidge with Sandler ONeill.
John Barnidge: Firstly, congrats Terry on your retirement and I hope you enjoy watching the Lady Bulldogs Basketball team.
Terry Lillis: Thanks, John.
John Barnidge: Couple questions, firstly and then Ill have a follow-up. Net revenue grew nicely in RIS-Spread in the fourth quarter in 2016. How much of that is sustainable and did you see like a tick-up post elections from companies feeling more comfortable having more clarity?
Dan Houston: Okay. Second question, John?
John Barnidge: Yes, yes, yes. And then your benefit from the dividend received deduction in full year 2016, was that and can you talk about the corporate tax reform kind of in that context.
Dan Houston: Sure, be happy to. And just a couple of quick comments on Full Service Accumulation. Ill ask that Nora answer your question specifically on the net revenue sustainability in the fourth quarter. This franchise is incredibly strong franchise for Full Service Accumulation. Net new growth and the number of plans there this year was 1,000. We saw 120,000 new participants. We had net cash flow fall well within the range we had outlined for you this past fall. So I would just tell you on a trailing 12-month basis, look at that business for last five years, this just continues to perform to our satisfaction on a number of different metrics and certainly fourth quarter revenue is something that we can  we chat about briefly.
Nora Everett: So, John you asked about spread and lets talk a little bit about the net revenue growth there, because there is a significant amount thats being driven by the business. So if you look at quarter-over-quarter on RIS-Spread, net revenues up about 23%, $25 million, OE up about 40%, $25 million. If you look at the breakdown on that Delta, the net revenue growth driven by the higher variable investment income is about $12 million of that and then the growth in the business is really driving the balance. So when you look at main account value and you look at the increase quarter-over-quarter thats about a 13% increase. And its strong growth thats been driven across the product lines, we mentioned that pension risk transfer business, but we also have the investment only business in there, as well as our retail annuities. And so were seeing growth in each of those underlying line items significant growth thats driving this double digit increase in account value in, net revenue and then operating earnings.
John Barnidge: Thanks, Nora. Terry, you want to tackle the tax question.
Terry Lillis: Yes, John. Lets focus on tax and when we talk about tax in particular for Principal, you want to look at it over a longer period of time, you dont want to look at any volatility that could happen in any one particular quarter. As we talked about the different effective tax rates for Principal, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year that would be within that 20% to 22% range. Now, when you look at it, weve reported an effective tax rate of just over 20% this quarter. However, because of the annual actuarial review in the third quarter, if you looked at that and adjusted for that review in the third quarter. If you look at that it  and adjusted for that it would be right in that 21% range. And so, the numbers in line with what we have said. Now, as you commented, there are some permanent differences that we get a benefit from and the DRD is one of those. That has an impact of about anywhere from 8%, 9%, 10% of that reduction in that federal 35% tax rate. So, its about in line with what weve seen in 2015, up slightly, but one of the things that were seeing the reasons for that  increase in that DRD benefit is because of the domestic equity performance that weve seen thats been very, very strong. And thats where we get our benefit. The target date funds with the positive flows that weve had there and the strong performance that weve had, as well as investments that individuals as well as advisors are directing their funds to our Principal branded investments and higher dividends. People are simply paying  companies are paying higher dividends. So that is expected to continue into the future. However, as weve given the guidance for 2017, we think the effective tax rate will go up into that 21%, 23% range, because pretax earnings are going to grow of faster than those permanent differences. And in particular, we think that will grow faster than the DRD. I hope that helps.
John Barnidge: It does. Thank you very much.
Terry Lillis: Thanks for the question, John.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Nadel with Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: Thanks. Good morning everybody and Terry I wish you all the best.
Terry Lillis: Thanks, John.
John Nadel: I guess a couple of questions, in PGI, can you quantify for us how much the performance fees and real estate gains contributed to the quarter and  because it seems to he me that that was a pretty significant contributor. I know 1Q is relatively weak for maybe some different reasons. But if you can just comment on that, that would be helpful. And then in RIS-Fee, I hate to sort of get down and dirty into the details, but can we talk about what the right or normalized level of net DAC amortization you expect going forward? Thats been swinging a lot.
Dan Houston: Yes, good question. And as you asked that question, John, I was reflecting back to when we really saw a lot of volatility in that number and you know we took some steps. Its been probably, Terry, within the last couple of years to narrow that down. But there remains some volatility, John, on the PGI, quantifying that Ill just ask Jim to respond accordingly. Jim?
Jim McCaughan: Thank you, John. If it had been a totally normal quarter, if there is such a thing, we might have had pretax $4 million or $5 million less. I think thats about the extent of it. We didnt call it out because if you look in the supplement on page 3, other revenue is the line that includes performance fees and transaction fees. For the 12 months as a whole that was 24% of management fee revenue. The previous two trailing 12 months were the previous two calendar years it was 23% and 26%. In other words, performance fees plus transaction fees was at a normal level in 2016 compared with the previous two years and relative to our business structure. So I dont think it was an unusual year for performance fees and the quarter was maybe $4 million or $5 million better than it would have been totally normal on that particular basis. But you know, looking forward, we have called out that the incidence of real estate performance fees, which are mostly multiyear, and 2017 will be a bit lower than it was in the last three years. Picking up in 2018 and 2019, by the way. Since these are multi-year, we already have multiyear, we already have quite a lot of visibility into the three-year outlook. So 2017 looks like looks like the outlier when you take the two or three years either side of it. Thats why in the guidance call as Terry mentioned, we talked about 4% to 8% growth in revenues for PGI 2017 over 2016. That is a lower number than long-term we expect and that is because of the fact that weve had a decent and normal couple of years for incentive fees and 2017 maybe a little bit below trend.
Dan Houston: I was thinking about that in the context of the first quarter we were light and you had a lot of confidence about Q2, Q3 and Q4 and its really developed as we really had planned and expected. So theres some level of predictability in these.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, there is. Actually the first quarter last year was down because the transaction fees were small.
Dan Houston: Thats right.
Jim McCaughan: Because of activity and were not seeing that at the moment.
Dan Houston: Nora, you want talk a little bit about the DAC moving around here.
Nora Everett: Sure. So, John, yes, certainly this 4Q and 3Q, we saw bounce around quite a bit and were always going to see it bounce around a bit. Remember in RIS-Fee we have both that full service retirement business and our VA business. But we still expect a range if theres a normal range, we would still expect that range to be somewhere between $15 million and $20 million per quarter. What you saw in 4Q at $23.7 million, the reason we called it out as high is it was outside that range, $6 million to $7 million or so higher amort, resulting from a couple of things, primarily what we see in that point to point actuarial exercises because of the interest rate jump, because of our fixed income portfolio getting that unfavorable reaction there in the interest rate increase and also our international equity performance. So that unfavorable performance drove some of that excess DAC, as well as just some timing issues as part of that normal quarterly roll-forward. So, yes, it will bounce around but both 4Q and 3Q tended to be outside the range which is why we called it out. Were still looking at an expected rage 15 and 20.
John Nadel: And just as a quick follow up. I think you guys mentioned that in RIS-Fee that higher variable investment income was offset by this or offset this higher DAC amortization. Is that  do I have that right? So variable investment income was maybe about that same level.
Nora Everett: Right, so higher of variable investment income. So in that $6 million to $7 million range correct.
John Nadel: Got it. Thank you so much.
Jim McCaughan: Thanks John for the question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Terry, Id like to wish you happy retirement as well. I had a few questions, first on PGI, obviously this is just one quarter and but for the year your flows were pretty strong. But to what extent have you seen an impact on your flows and client activity just from the weaker short-term performance that youve seen recently and in terms of investment performance. And then second if you could talk about trends in the Chilean business, what youre seeing in the market and what your outlook is for the business given everything thats going on there.
Terry Lillis: Just one quick comment, Jimmy. The PGI has just had an extraordinary run. As I looked to the last decade, strong growth, strong performance, our products. Jims done a great job assimilating a nice group of boutiques. And I think about four out of five of those boutiques having positive net cash flow. It leaves you with one in five of those boutiques, thats the one reason or another are not performing at the same level. But with that sort of backdrop, Ill have Jim address your specific question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure.
Jim McCaughan: Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you, Jimmy. The reason that the fourth quarter was an unusually negative one in flows is almost entirely to do with foreign clients who hedge their international primarily dollar balances back into their home currency. The biggest piece of that is Japanese clients. Where we have $20 billion of Japanese clients who hedge back into the yen, the yen was weak by 15% in the quarter against the U.S. dollar. Thats a straight impact on assets under management of about $3 billion just from the Japanese clients. There was more from Europe. The euro was not as weak as the Japanese yen during the quarter but it still led to some losses from hedging, which is youll realize is actually client driven. They want something thats hedged back into their home currency. In round numbers, there was about a $4 billion diminution of AUM from the foreign currency hedging directed by clients about half of that comes through the line flows. And so youll see that  without that, we would have been positive. Maybes theres hope on this one, Jimmy, because the dollars has weakened again in January, which is actually through the hedge mechanism bringing in some assets from those Japanese and European clients. So I think thats the main point to make. Clearly, in terms of investment performance, we are not the standout winner in 2016 that we were for many years. Were in the middle of the pack. If you look at the supplement on Page 14 it shows boutique by boutique the AUM numbers. Only two of our boutiques are down in the year. Thats Columbus Circle, which is a growth equity manager, its been a tough year for them, and Macro Currency Group, where we had the large passive mandate that went out in the first quarter. That by the way had pretty well no revenues. It was very low revenues being passive. So those are the only two boutiques and the only one where theres any impact of revenues Columbus Circle. I would point out that our other equity boutiques are generally still growing. Aligned and Edge both have strategies that beat the benchmark as well as the peer group last year. Principal Global Equities and Origin were middle of the pack, which in their description is struggling, but its not that its an outlier and they were certainly gaining assets as they kept client confidence and as they did constructive things in a difficult market. So I would put a pretty brave and pretty positive outlook on this. Our equity boutiques in general are in very, very good shape. The sub-advised was down a bit in assets if you see the assets under management by boutique. Some of our non-affiliate sub-advisers had performance issues. But I think that the PGI array of boutiques, the diversification shows up well, and were in very good shape looking forward. The pipeline is as strong as its ever been right now with interest in our niche strategies.
Dan Houston: Jimmy one of my big takeaways clearly around doing in business internationally whether its China or India or Chile or Brazil. In these emerging markets there is some degree of volatility. The good news about Chile to me is that Luis has a very strong team, whether youre talking about the annuity business, the accumulation business on both the FDA as well as the voluntary. But Ill have Luis speak specifically at the heart of some of his take on Chile and the future and what that means for Principal going forward
Luis Valdes: Okay. Good morning, Jimmy. This is Luis. As a reminder, and this is very important to keep in mind, Jimmy, one thing thats gone on in Chile is the pension discussion, pension reform, by the way in the 10 countries that were in, this is a common theme everywhere. So we are very active not just in Chile. If you are paying a pension about other countries like Brazil, Mexico, even Hong Kong, Southeast Asia, the pension thing and the pension issue is something that is going to remain as a high and hot topics going forward and were very, very emboldened in that kind of discussion, not just with the countries but with Lawmakers, think tanks, war bank, IMF and OECD. So this is going to be a trend in topics for the next three years if not more. Have you said that two things and as a follow-up about what I have said in the last earnings call, we have faced some negative outflows in our portfolio, but its important to qualify this, Jimmy. We have had an one line which is our transfer out, that line has been negative. But in the mandatory business, our net customer cash flows in total including in recurring contributions transfer and others remain positive. Our voluntary net customary cash flows remain barely positive, but positive. And the main line which is also affecting our total net customer cash flows, is about what we call pension, is all about income solutions. Something that is we have to keep in mind. We paid in 2016 more than $1.4 billion and what we call income solutions. It might be programmic withdrawals, or money which has been transferred to life insurance companies like the one that we do have in Chile. So the point Im trying to make here is two main things were affecting our transfers. The main factor was the whole discussion about the pension system and the second subject was about the merger. That second factor were putting behind us the merger discussion. In mid-December, the superintendency, for the third time and for the final time, they put a resolution in which they confirmed the legality of our merger. More than that, last week, the comptroller general in Chile, they reversed them, and they closed the case, saying that they confirm that our merger was fully in compliance and completely legal. More than that were going to  this was an issue that was affecting us for two years in a row. And its important to say that were working on that, and certainly their competitors are not going to be able to use that argument against us anymore. Three things and three aspects in order to close my comments about our business in Chile. Three aspects that remains as important fundamentals for our business. Number one, our investment performance. Were number two and three in five years in a row. Were number one since inception. That speaks to our long-term investment capabilities in Chile. Second, customer service. For the fifth consecutive year, weve ranked number one in terms of customer service, and this is an award given by a third party in Chile. The third thing is, our strong and highly respected branding complements a very and highly resilient Corporation and brand. We made the ranking of the top 100 most reputable companies at the end of 2016. Just one other AFE made that ranking as well. So we remain very confident, and were paying a lot of attention about those volatile customers, that for any given reason they may decide to leave Cuprum. Were working on that. Were paying a lot of attention about that. We have been able in order to identify those segments, and were working on that in order to increase and to work in that particular segment. So short-term speaking, some volatility is coming. 2017 is an election year for Chile, so presidential elections in November. So the pension discussion is going to be on the table. But on the other hand, we remain very confident about our long term in that business.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thats very helpful. Yes.
Dan Houston: Yes, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: Hi, good morning. Thanks a lot. Had a question just on the timing of the incentive fees out to 2017. I just want to make sure Im interpreting this right. You commented that the lower guidance for 2017, that 48%, incorporates that viewpoint there. The 2017 guidance, its just that low point that is  the mid-point is like 0.5% lower. Are we talking in the range of $5 million, that, thats the impact to top line and bottom line in terms of those yearly incentive fees?
Dan Houston: Go ahead, Jim.
Jim McCaughan: Thanks very much, Seth. No, its not  I cant really give you that precisely, because theres so many moving parts to incentive fees. The basic reason that we see 2017 as low, is, many of these incentive fees are multi-year. For example, the biggest one, or one of the biggest ones in the second and third  Im sorry, the third and fourth quarters of 2016, was on our Green fund, our Green real estate fund that we launched in, I think it was 2008 and 2009. And that fund got to the end of its life. The developments had been done, the real estate sold at a very considerable profit. And thats where the incentive fees came from. If I look forward, 2017 is a bit light on these long-term incentive fees. There are some, but theres not as much as usual. 2018, 2019, we see a lot of resurgence in the seeds weve planted in the last few years, that should give us good incentive fees in those years. So thats really the point. Its not that I can pin on $4 million or $5 million here or there on incentive fees. Even on say, Finisar, where its emerging data and theres a lot of incentive fee possibility, its not possible to be precise. We put ourselves in the way of that opportunity. But in aggregate, you can predict, even if for any one, its highly uncertain what the incentive fee will be. And I think the stability of our other revenue line shows that we have a good portfolio of these opportunities. So I hope that helps put it in perspective, Seth.
Seth Weiss: Its helpful. I mean it sounds from your commentary that you have maybe not a level of precision, but at least a general sense of how much lower they may be in 2017. So Im just trying to set the baseline of what that is as we try to triangulate our models. So if theres any number you could give, that would be helpful in terms of not having any surprises?
Jim McCaughan: Yes. Its in that 4% to 8% overall revenue gain guidance. Thats where its encapsulated. Gosh, what would it have been if 2017 was going to be a 2016 all over again? Its hard to speculate. But it might have been high-single to low-double-digits. So I mean I think that quantifies it.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Seth.
Seth Weiss: Okay. And then, Im sorry  if I could follow up one on RIS-Spread?
Jim McCaughan: Yes.
Dan Houston: Yes.
Seth Weiss: You commented earlier on the strong net revenue gains. Theres been a nice tick-up in margins also in the back half of the year. Just curious if thats sustainable, and whats driving that? If its been stronger interest rates, or if theres anything seasonal there thats driving that, that should repeat next year?
Dan Houston: Nora?
Nora Everett: Yes, those margins are likely unsustainable and over and above the guidance that we gave on the 2017 outlook call. And its primarily driven by that higher than expected variable investment income. So you can you can connect those two dots, its certainly a very attractive business we expect to continue to drive these industry leading margins, but this particular quarter is unsustainable.
Dan Houston: Yes correct. All right, thank you, Seth.
Seth Weiss: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Thank you. I guess there have been a number of recent lawsuits against 401(k) plan sponsors related to fees and bias in fund selection. What impact do you see this having on plan sponsors and their decisions regarding things like active versus the passive or manager selection?
Dan Houston: Those issues have gone on for a long time, class action lawsuits going after these sorts of issues and its frankly one of the reasons why we adopted an open architecture approach over 10 years ago to make sure that advisors working as advisors to their plan sponsors that they would have a full suite of investment options to choose from, whether that was PGI, whether it was where we subsubcontracted. Because so many of our small to medium-sized employers may not have that level of expertise. But that window for all the other outside retail mutual fund offerings had been wide open for a very long time and as you know even in our target date structure we have an open architecture approach. So if youre asking a question about Principal and what our exposure is we feel like weve done an exceptional job providing lot of choice by manager, by asset class and in particular all the way down to the small size clients. And even the DOL rules that are currently proposed does not in any continued model to make those investment options broadly available in a variety of different structures. I probably hit that one a bit hard but Ill look at Nora and see if she has anything else she would like to add onto that response.
Nora Everett: Well said. The only thing I would add is that when you think about a plan sponsor whos a fiduciary, they need to that  that fiduciary needs to be looking at many, many things, price being one of them. And one of the things thats as important as price is the investment strategy in particular for the qualified default. And Dan spoke to it but I think its really important to highlight how weve addressed that issue and one of the reasons our target date continues to be such  in such strong demand is with this hybrid approach in particular, allowing in that bundled solution to have both passive and active, passive in those very efficient asset classes, active  where active is absolutely part of that fiduciary equation. You can think about different asset classes where you would want active management. So that bundled solution has been very powerful and really resonate, both with plan sponsors, fiduciaries, and also with their advisors. But thats an example to Dans point, we were out ahead both with regard to the multi-manager structure, but also with regard to the hybrid investment structure.
Erik Bass: Jim, did you have a comment on that?
Jim McCaughan: Yes, and if I could just add, Eric, I do think looking forward our broad range of target date solutions, which Nora touched on and Dan did, which includes different legal vehicles, 40 Act funds, insurance separate accounts and collective investment trusts, it includes use of active enhanced passive and passive. We have a very strong range of capabilities. Thats why as was mentioned during the quarter and during the year weve seen significant inflows to our target date suite. Furthermore, I think the environment you describe will over the next few years give us opportunities in a defined contribution investment only market for target date funds. So were feeling pretty optimistic about all the work weve done over the years to position ourselves for growth.
Dan Houston: Erik, did you have a follow-up?
Erik Bass: Thank you, thats helpful color. And then on the target date funds, maybe if you could quantify what the flows have been? Because obviously its been in the news, with TROW last week. And I think also we on the public data for mutual funds, only see sort of a portion of the activity, and you obviously have them in other vehicles as well. So if you could just talk about the overall flow trend and target date that would be helpful.
Dan Houston: Yes, it seems we get A lot of air time in the last couple of weeks and so weve done our homework and youre right, its a partial story just to talk about the 40 Act funds. But, Nora, because she lives that retirement franchise is probably in the best position to answer your question.
Nora Everett: Yes, to Dans earlier comments, we were positive overall with our target date suite both in 4Q and full year. Full year at about $4.5 billion and in 4Q about $600 million. So that took that total AUM with regard to our target date suite increased from 53.6 at the end of 3Q to 54.2 at the end of 4Q. And again, if you look at that AUM, it includes both retirement plans and retail investors. But the vast majority of that AUM is in our retirement business.
Dan Houston: Of course, the one thing thats changed over the years is, theres the 40 Act funds, we have managed accounts, we have separate accounts, we have collective investment trusts. And as you say, the public screens dont catch all those assets. And at $4.5 billion on a full year basis for target date, thats a very strong number for Principal.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you very much.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo.
Sean Dargan: Thanks. Id also like to extend my best wishes to Terry. Just following up on RIS-Fee, just have a question about flows. If you had net inflows of $600 million in target date funds, where were the outflows? And how much of that was caused by M&A taking funds away from you?
Nora Everett: Sure.
Dan Houston: No, please.
Nora Everett: The net cash flow with regard to RIS-Fee in the fourth quarter  and I think Terry mentioned this in his comments  was really impacted by  and weve talked about this before. A couple of larger cases in our block of business can impact that net cash flow in a particular quarter. Very strong net cash flow full year, up $4.2 billion. In fact, $4 billion increase year-over-year in the full year net cash flow. So were really pleased with the net cash flow. A couple of those cases were absolutely related to M&A. Were going to win some, were going to lose some. We had a couple that, our particular client was the acquired or part of a merger. So were going to see that. We saw a little bit of that a year ago, 4Q as well. But were really pleased with our overall net cash flow results. And we would expect  just looking at see in the sales pipeline, were optimistic about 2017 as well.
Sean Dargan: Okay. If I could just ask a follow-up about China. You had very strong net cash flows in the first three quarters, and there was a fairly sharp reversal in the fourth quarter. Is there some seasonality in there, or can you give us some color on what happened there?
Dan Houston: I think the reality is, the long-term funds are actually the short-term, what Ill describe as money market structure, that is most problematic. And very quickly, Ill have Luis answer that last question.
Luis Valdes: Well, Sean, the real reason about this massive inflows coming from CCB, it was due to a mainstream decision that the central government in China made, which is, they called a lending cap. They tried to deleverage that economy, so they put a lending cap to those banks. So the excess money that they had in timed deposits flows into asset managers. Thats one of the reasons of this massive flow into our Company. Having said that, we expect that, that particular lending company is going to remain, we dont know at which level. So thats telling us that part of the money flew back into CCB. But the most important thing is that they reroute part of the short-term mandates. $11 billion, Im talking about  they reroute $11 billion into our retail mutual funds. So even though that we face $23 billion in outflows, our revenues didnt suffer the matching effect. We are facing an increase about a 2% or 3% an hour revenues in spite of this $23 billion outflow.
Sean Dargan: Thank you.
Dan Houston: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing remarks, please.
Dan Houston: Just a couple of quick comments, the first of which I would say is, we feel like we had a very solid 2016. But as Terry iterated, we remain very optimistic about 2017. The demand for products that we provide to small to medium-sized employers, individuals and institutions, has not gone away. We still see the small to medium-sized business as the growth engine for the U.S. And it seems like tax policy and other policies are going to be supportive of that. These baby boomers are going to need income in retirement. Were enthusiastic about that. A lot of our digital investments are driving toward a millennial solution, and you heard about some of those today. Long-term financial security is not going to go away in the U.S., nor in Chile or in China. We feel good about that. And frankly, we feel good about Noras businesses, when you talk about that spread business. People want guaranteed income in retirement. We dont think being a standalone investment manager is the right answer, nor just an accumulation firm. We think the fact that we can provide a comprehensive approach to retirement long-term protection is very important, in addition to providing, of course, life insurance benefits. But Id be remiss if I didnt look at Terry Lillis and first say, thank you, and to let Terry Lillis give the very last word of this call today, to all the analysts and investors out there. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. Its been a good run. And I look back and I reflect on it  were in a much stronger position now in terms of our strategy on a go-forward basis, a much stronger position in terms of our capital, and I think we have the best years still ahead of Principal. We take a balanced approach and make sure that we reflect the needs of our customers, our staff and our shareholders. And thank you all very much for the support that youve given me over the last several years.
Dan Houston: So thank you. Well see you on the road with Deanna over the next 90 days, and look forward to seeing you very soon. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM. Eastern Time until the end of the day February 7th, 2017. 42828234 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP, IR Dan Houston - CEO Terry Lillis - CFO Luis Valdes - President, Principal International Nora Everett - President, Retirement and Income Solutions Jim McCaughan - CEO, Principal Global Investors Deanna Strable - President, U.S. Insurance Solutions
Analysts: Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities Ryan Krueger - KBW Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Humphrey Lee - Dowling Partners John Nadel - Credit Suisse John Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Principal Financial Group Conference Call Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, vice president of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Principal Financial Group's third quarter conference call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement and slide presentation related to today's call are available on our website at principal. com/investor, due to the annual actuarial assumption review another significant variances at this quarter we posted some additional materials on the website including comparison of quarterly operating earnings excluding significant variances from the third quarter 2016 compared to the year ago quarter. Keep in mind our reporting, structure changed in the fourth quarter 2015, following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Dan Houston and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A include Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions, Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors, Luis Valdes , Principal International, and Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions and Tim Dunbar, Our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recently annual report on Form 10K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Before I turn the call over to Dan, I would like to remind everyone of our upcoming Investor Day event in New York City on November 16th. Our executive team will provide strategic updates on each of our businesses with a particular focus on some of the key topics impacting our businesses. Please let me know if you haven't received an e-mail invitation. We look forward to seeing you in a couple weeks. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll focus on my comments on three areas, I'll characterize results for third quarter and through the first nine months of 2016. I'll share some thoughts on execution highlights as we continue to extend our distribution reach and expand our product and service solutions set. I'll close with some thoughts on certain external factors and how they are impacting our outlook for the future. I'm very pleased with the third quarter results with reported operating earnings of $336 million excluding significant variances. We had double digit growth in operating earnings when compared to a year ago quarter. Terry will provide more details on the significant variances for the quarter including the annual actuarial assumption review later in the call. Compared to a year ago we increased assets under management or AUM by some $80 billion or 15% bringing AUM to record $596 billion as of the end of the third quarter. As shown on slide 5, our longer term Morningstar investment performance remains among some of the best in the industry. As of September 30th, 90% of Principal mutual funds separate accounts and collective investment trust were above the median for the three-year performance and 86% were above the median for the 5-year performance. For 10 consecutive quarters, at least 85% of our investment options have been above median for 3 and 5 year performance, though our 3 and 5 year investment performance remains among the best in the industry, the one year number with 59% of funds above median is off its highest. Because of investment needs of our customers we focus on managing assets for retirement and other long-term strategies. We have created a leading array of multi-asset, multimanager outcomes oriented solutions and we have purposely designed our investment platform to provide diversification and non-correlation for different teams within key asset. Between the strength of our investment teams, our global research platform and our process, we remain confident in our ability to continue to stand out among active managers in both performance and net cash flows. With multiple sources of demand for our investment solutions, we're on track for a 7th consecutive year of positive net cash flows. By comparison, approximately half of the funds complexes were in outflows between 2010 and 2015, according to data from the investment company institute. Our track record of positive net cash flows during this same time frame underscores the benefit of our diversified integrated business model with strong diversification by investor type, asset class and geography and strong integration of our businesses enabling us to meet investor needs as they transition from accumulation into retirement. While Terry will cover these topics in more detail, I'll provide a couple of comments on expense management and capital deployment. As stated on previous calls, we continue to focus on aligning revenue and expense growth. Over the trailing 12 months, despite flat equity markets a strong U.S. dollar and competitive pressures we have managed expenses and improved margins, driving growth and operating earnings compared to a year ago. I'm particularly proud of this ultimately in light of 8% higher average AUM on a year-to-date basis, the additional cost to implement the department of labor's fiduciary rule as we have quantified in last quarter's call, an increased investment in key areas including technology, product development and our global brand. Through the first nine months of 2016, our capital deployment strategy has enabled us to deploy more than $600 million between common stock dividends, share repurchases and increased ownership in boutiques. As announced last night we have included our quarterly common stock dividend for a third time this year. Moving to execution I'll start with enhancements to our solution set. In the third quarter we have launched five new funds bringing year-to-date launches to nine. Our global product strategy contemplates both opportunities and challenges, including aging global populations and growth in emerging market middle class, potential regulatory disruption and a trend towards lower cost product structures. We remain purposeful in our approach, building our four key areas, our suite of outcomes based funds with a particular focus on income solutions, our Alternative investment platform to enhance diversification and manage downside risk, our international retail platform in light of tremendous opportunities in Latin America, Asia, and Europe, and our ETF platform as part of a larger effort to address increased demand for lower cost options and provide cost effective alternatives to passive management. Beyond our investment platform we are also highly focused on digital solutions that are shrimp already and faster, address how future generations will buy financial services and reduce barriers to access, allow easier decision making and eliminate pain points for our customers and advisers. Throughout 2016 I have shared initial success with recently launched digital enrollment like Easyelect and My Virtual Coach as another example we launched an online application for our individual disability income products earlier this year. Since the launch we have received 2400 applications electronically, nearly 20% of the total volume. This is helping fuel strong sales within specialty benefits. Moving to distribution, we continue to make meaningful progress toward getting our funds on third party platforms recommended list and model portfolios. Through nine months we have had more than 40 placements in total putting 30 different funds on 18 different investment platforms with success across asset classes. I also want to comment on the joint venture with China construction bank, not included in our reported AUM, China reported a record $127 billion of AUM in the third quarter 2016. A majority of the recent net cash flows in China have been short-term investments meaning lower fees and shorter duration in nature. The results illustrate two important points, one, the magnitude of the opportunity in China, and two, the power of our partnership with China construction bank. Even more so as we expand our relationship and execute on our strategic cooperation agreement focused on asset management and pensions. China is now the third largest contributor to the pretax operating earnings within Principal International with the trailing 12 months pretax operating earnings more than doubling from a year ago quarter.  I'll close with sharing some thoughts on the future. First and foremost we go forward from a position of strength. Importantly we are also seeing certain opportunities further materialize and certain head winds beginning to abate. First I will express my optimism around Latin America. In 2016 the tide seems to be turning in the regions largest academy in the Brazilian real and the Brazilian's benchmark index, Ibovespa, strengthening our third quarter net cash flows in Brazil increased 50% compared to a year ago quarter . On the continued strategic of BrasilPrev, our joint venture with [indiscernible] we have generated at least a $1 billion of positive flows in Brazil for 12 consecutive quarters. Importantly we are taking market share from the next two largest competitors. Claritas, our mutual fund company in Brazil is gaining traction as well delivering its best quarter of net cash flows on record. Despite recent press we remain optimistic about Chile, our value proposition in the AFP market is intact as we continue to be a market leader in long-term investment performance and customer satisfaction. To be clear, our 2013 Cuprum acquisition is not under review by the Chilean regulatory authorities. They are once again reviewing the merge of two legal entities in Chile that gave rise to the deferred tax benefit we recognized in 2013. The merger has already been reviewed and approved twice and we have no reason to believe it will be overturned. Over recent weeks, Luis and I have had multiple opportunities to meet with senior level officials in Chile. There is increasing awareness of the pressure on pay as you systems and the ability of workers to support a growing number of retirees who are living longer. In turn they are increasing awareness of importance of voluntary contributions to achieve adequate income and retirement. We'll continue to be an advocate for retirement readiness and active participant in the pension dialogue, not only in Chile but around the world. Additionally lower for longer interest rating present an opportunity and we continue to expand our suite of income solutions including guarantees to meet the increasing demand nor yield and security. Additionally, our business mix makes us less rate sensitive than many of our peers. Lastly, while the DOL fiduciary rule clearly presents challenges, it also presents opportunities. During the third quarter one of our top third party distributors communicated a decision to reduce their proof of record keeper list by more than 80%. Principal was selected as one of their approved providers. We expect this consolidation trend to continue. In the meantime we'll continue to strengthen relationships by helping our distributors work through implementation. In closing, our business fundamentals remain strong. While I'm pleased with our financial results through nine months, I'm even more satisfied with our execution. We have again made meaningful progress towards enhancing distribution, expanding our solution set and strengthening relationship with customers and advisers. I look for us to continue to build momentum as we wrap up 2016 and move into 2017 and for that momentum to translate into long-term value for our shareholders. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning I'll provide commentary on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance of the investment portfolio and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. Principal reported $336 million of operating earnings for third quarter 2016 up 6% over the year ago quarter driven by over 10% growth in quarterly average AUM. Total company net cash flows were $7 billion for third quarter and $20 billion on a trailing 12 month basis. Strong net cash flows and positive market performance drove total company AUM to a record $596 million in third quarter. Keep in mind that total company AUM excludes $127 billion of AUM in China that also contributed to quarterly earnings. That's shown on slide 6 there were three significant variances from expectations reflected in third quarter 2016 operating earnings. This slide provides the line item impact by business unit of our annual actuarial assumption review and model enhancements, a single large real estate sale and higher than expected encaje in Principal international. Consistent with prior years, we completed our annual review of actuarial assumption and model enhancements in the third quarter. The review reflected a lower interest rate environment in 2016 compared to what we expected a year ago and other retypements to our actuarial models. As part of the review, no changes were made to the long-term interest rates or the time it takes to get to the ultimate rates. The actuarial assumption review decreased third quarter pretax operating by $74 million. However, third quarter operating earnings benefited from a real estate sale that generated higher than expected variable investment income. As a reminder, real estate sales are part of our overall investment strategy but can add volatility to any given quarter. This significant variance increase third quarter recorded pretax operating earnings by $3.5 million, third quarter operating benefits from higher than expected encaje performance in Chile, and increased reported pretax operating performance by $8 million. Slide 7 provides a comparison of the significant variances in operating earnings in third quarter 2016 versus the year ago quarter. Both quarters were impacted by actuarial assumption review and other significant variances. Third quarter 2016 reported earnings per share of $1.15 was up 8% over the year ago quarter excluding significant variances in both periods earnings per share of $1.22 was up 17 percent from the prior year period. At the end of the third quarter, trailering 12 month return on equity, excluding AOCI was 13.5%. However, excluding the impact of both 2015 and 2016, assumption reviews, this measure was 14% in third quarter 2016 and third quarter 2015. Now I'll discuss the business unit results starting on slide 8 with retirement and income solutions or RIS-fee. Third quarter reported operating earnings of $131 million increased to 57% from the year ago quarter. Excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7 third quarter pretax operating earnings were $145 million, a 6% increase from the year ago quarter. This was driven by a combination of growth in business and disciplined expense management. The fundamentals of the business remain strong as RIS fee net cash flows were a positive $1.4 billion in the third quarter. The positive net cash flows were driven by quarterly sales of $2.7 billion. A 7% increase in reoccurring deposits from the prior year quarter and continued song plan retention levels. Excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review, pretax return on net revenue was 34% in third quarter 2016. We expect to end the year at the high end of our guided range.  Turning to slide 9, RIS spread reported third quarter operating recordings of $76 million up 52% over the year ago quarter. Excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7, RIS spread third quarter pretax operating were $66 million, a $14 million increase over the prior year quarter. Average account values grew 13% over the same time frame driving growth and net revenue. Continued low interest rates negatively impacted retail annuity sales while pension buyout and investment only businesses continued to be opportunistic. We continue to meet our pricing discipline when deploying capital in this space. Trailing third quarter pretax return on net revenue was 60% above our guided range. Turning to slide 10, Principal Global investors reported pretax operating earnings of $113 million in the third quarter an 18% income over the year ago quarter on 12% growth in AUM. This demonstrates the continued benefit of scale in Principal Global investors. Both the retail and the institutional platforms contributed to a record AUM of $397 billion with more than 4 billion-dollar of positive net cash flows in the third quarter. Our unique boutique strategy is proving successful and allowing us to provide value added solutions that continue to resonate with clients. On a trailing 12 month basis, PGI's pretax return on an adjusted revenue was 35%, and at the higher end of our guided range. As shown on slide 11, reported third quarter pretax operating earnings for Principal international were $84 million, up 65% from the year ago quarter increasing record operating earnings in BrasilPrev. Encaje performance was higher than expected during third quarter 2016. But was more than offset by the impact of the actuarial assumption review, excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7, third quarter 2016 of pretax operating earnings increased 25% over the year ago quarter.  Foreign currency translation was a $1 million benefit to pretax operating earnings for the third quarter compared to the prior year quarter excluding significant variances. This is the first time in the past 5 years we have experienced tail winds from currency translations in earnings when compared to the prior year quarter. As slide 11 shows, there can be volatility from quarter to quarter in Principal international's growth rates, excluding significant variances and on a constant currency basis, Principal international continues to produce mid teens growth in pretax operating earnings on a trailing 12 month basis. Principal international's net cash flows for the third quarter were $2.5 billion. Primarily driven by $1.8 billion from Brazil and a very strong $1.1 billion from southeast Asia. While not included in Principal international's reported net cash flows, China reported third quarter net cash flows of nearly $27 billion, another very strong quarter that contributed to China's 51% growth in pretax operating earnings from a year ago. Excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7, Principal international's trailing 12 month combined pretax return on net revenue was 38% and within our guided range.  On slide 12, specially benefits reported third quarter pretax operating earnings were $7.4 million, up 13% over the year ago quarter, excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7, pretax operating earnings were $56 million, an increase of 5% from the prior year quarter driven by underlying growth in the business. Additionally, especially benefits hit a milestone during the third quarter and crossed $2 billion of premium. On a trailing 12 month basis, excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review our loss ratio of 64% reflects continued strong underwriting, pretax return on premium fees and specialty benefits was 12% on a trailing 12 month basis excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review. This was at the top end of the our guided range. As shown on slide 13, individual life reported third quarter pretax operating earnings were a negative $4 million, however, excluding the significant variances shown on slide 7, individuals like pretax operating earnings were $40 million, 8% lower than the prior year period. While mortality for both quarters was within the expected range, third quarter 2015 experienced favorable mortality while third quarter 2016 mortality was in line with expectations. Excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption review, the trailing 12 month pretax return on fees was 15% and was within the guided range. Corporate's third quarter pretax operating losses were $58 million, in line with our guided range. For the quarter, total company net income was $308 million, credit rating loss, $7 million.  Turning to slide 14, we have deployed and committed nearly $730 million of capital so far in 2016. In third quarter 2016, we paid a $0.41 per share common stock dividend. Last night we announced another $0.02 increase in our common stock dividend bringing the fourth quarter, $0.33 per share. We take a long-term view of our balanced capital deployment strategy looking for ways to increase long-term shareholder value and improving our financial flexibility. While capital deployment may fluctuate quarter to quarter, we expect to be within our $800 million to $1 billion guided range for full year 2016. As we near the end of our prepared remarks, I'd like to leave you with a couple of thoughts. We continue to manage through the competitive pressures and volatile macroeconomic environments to forecast growth in revenue. We have aligned growth and expenses accordingly as we focus on balancing growth and profitability while still investing in our businesses. As a result our efforts to manage expense growth have contributed to operating earnings growth and margin expansions over the trailing 12 months. In conclusion, I'll echo Dan's earlier comments, third quarter was another strong quarter, adding to a very strong 2016 thus far. I'm very excited as I look ahead and see great momentum going into the end of the year, and 2017. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo Securities
Sean Dargan: I have a question about Chile, and Dan, you addressed the issue at length, but realizing that the merger itself is not under review, what is the status of the tax benefit that you have on your books and if that was unwound, what would that do to earnings in the quarter in which it was unwound and secondarily, I'm wondering if you see any impacts to coupons flows next year as fallout from these protests?
Dan Houston: I'll have Terry hit the tax piece, and Luis make some additional comments. First let me come from the perspective, we have every reason to believe that this tax credit is very much intact. There are actually 48 other companies that took the exact same tax credit back in 2015 so again, we feel very, very confident we'll prevail. We have been in Chile now since 1995. There's 21-year history of providing chill with retirement solutions on the voluntary, certainly on the payout and now the mandatory program. We have great performance, we have strong customary service, we are well-positioned in Chile to continue to do that. We employ 15,000 individuals down there that go work every day trying to strengthen that program and again as you noted in my prepared comments we have had this codified now twice, so with that as a bit of a backdrop on a very, very stretch, if you will I'll have Terry comment on the tax implications if it were to be overturned.
Terry Lillis: Just to put it in context here, 2015, we recognized the benefit of the merger with the AFP with one of our subsidiaries in Chile. As a result of that merger, we were allowed to amortize or reflect the amortization of the intangible in our tax calculation that amount was $105 million at that point in time, and we ran it through another after tax adjustment. Now, that would be reflected over a 7-to-10 year period on a quarterly basis, so it wasn't going to have a significant impact in any one particular period but if we were to have that overturned, we would have to unwind that $105 million and again, we probably run it through another after-tax adjustment, as we did when we recognized the benefit.
Dan Houston: Luis will make a couple comments relative to the flows in Cuprum and your thoughts there.
Luis Valdes: Talking about our flows in Chile that you might see in our page 16 in the supplement. It's important to say if you're paying attention now [indiscernible] to put inflows remains impact, the 1.4 billion level, so the problem we have had is about outflows during this particular quarter. Two main factors are affecting our outflows. One is affecting the whole industry. There's a new discussion about a potential pension reform in Chile is making more customers have and are anticipating their retirement decisions so they are taking their money out from their SPs and mostly they are buying a compulsory annuity as a [indiscernible] in life insurance companies. That is one factor which is affecting the industry, and it's affecting Cuprum as well. The second thing is further market aggressiveness in the transfer market in the SPs, certainly they're using the window of opportunity that the headlines and press is providing to them about our merger. We are working and paying a lot of attention about asset retention and client retentions because all our fundamentals remain very solid, investment performance and client service remains among the best in the industry, so we're taking care of all of that, and I'm saying that our people is paying a lot of attention about that, and as I'm saying, we continue good inflows and we are paying a lot of attention about these two factors. Having said that, it's important to remain Sean that in Cuprum we don't charge fees over AUMs. Instead we charge fees over flows on contributions and monthly contribution, so o this affects particularly specific what happens last quarter has a very marginal impact in our financials.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: And RASB, your margins are currently running ahead of plan. I know you talked about the high end for the year of the 28 to 32% range. Is that still the right general range to think about going forward or has anything changed given some of the expense management that you have been able to complete?
Dan Houston: As you know, we don't update on the ranges that we provide but what I would say generally is we still feel as optimistic about the long-term potential for our full service accumulation business for a variety of different reasons, but with that let me have Nora frame for you our expectations.
Nora Everett: We and Terry mentioned this as well. We still expect to be at the high end of our outlook guidance, the guidance that we gave last year, and we have mentioned that other the last couple of earnings calls. What you saw this quarter were a couple of things. Obviously even when you adjust for the annual assumption review and adjust for the real estate sales that were called out, we're still going to be this quarter, lower with regard to our amortization expense, and we have got some expense timing issues as well. Great quarter, we're very confident with regard to our ability to manage expenses going forward, but you're always going to get some lumpiness with regard to timing of expenses and we got the benefit of some of that this quarter, so high end of the range for sure, great quarter, and we look forward to continuing to extend the success of the business.
Dan Houston: And just a reminder on that point, Ryan, that if you look at the trailing 12 month S&P performance on the average contribution it's actually only up 0.4% so there really is a lot of heavy lifting going on in terms of managing the expenses and driving reoccurring deposits and improving overall quality of these plans.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you. And then Terry, could you provide some more detail on the interest rate assumption changes you made, and I guess what your long-term assumption is at this point?
Terry Lillis: As we talk about the assumptions, there's more to it than just simply the interest rate assumptions. We look at all the experience adjustments in our annual actuarial review that we do, and if you recall, if you recall in 2012 and 2015, we took a look at our long-term interest rate assumption and we brought those long-term ultimate rates down, but probably more importantly, we changed the trajectory in order to get to that longer term rate. We went from a relatively short period of time to over 10 years in order to get to it. Now, you're very well aware that the long-term interest rate assumption really varies by product that we have and we'll be across the yield curve and it will also reflect not only what the risk free rate is, but it will also have an impact for the spread that we have, the default rate goes into the assumption which we don't disclose any of that information as for pricing and proprietary purposes, but to try to give you maybe a little bit more insight in terms of using as a proxy, a proxy of the yield curve, we talk about the 10-year treasury, and that seems to be a pretty good proxy to use. A year ago when the 10-year treasury was about 2%, we talked about basically a 25 basis points increase to that rate over a 10-year period. Now, the expectation, then was that we would be up by 25 basis points this year, but as you're very well aware, instead of going up by 25 basis points, it went down by 50 basis points or so, the 10-year treasury. However, as we look in terms of our forecast into the future, which everybody will have a forecast as to what they think. We take into consideration what we're hearing in the industry, what we're hearing from rating agencies, what we are hearing from auditors, what we are hearing from different groups, economists, central banks, investments, we take all of those things into consideration, and we feel very comfortable where we are at this point in time. We have actually moved out and keeping that time period, that 10-year time period in order to get to our long-term rate consistent. But we're from a different starting point, so you'll look at going out into the future, what we're hearing anecdotally is that others are starting to increase their trajectory or their time period as well but still we feel that our ultimate rate as well as our time period in order to get to the rate, we're very comfortable with that at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: A lot of commentary on the call in terms of expense management, driving the margins, I think more broadly speaking there's concerns of secular pressure on fees in both retirement and asset management. Can you talk about what you're seeing both in the retirement space as well as asset management and the different asset categories that you manage in terms of the fee side of the equation.
Dan Houston: First let me kind of hit the macro sort of expense initiative that we have, and we have always had a lot of expense discipline around Principal. What we have tried to do is to make sure, Seth, that we're lining our expenses with the revenue that we're able to generate, and as part of that process, as you might expect, we rigorously go through the organization to determine if there's services that we're providing that aren't valued by our clients or they're unwilling to pay for, so I would say it's basic blocking and tackling, making sure that we have a disciplined approach to expense management. Now, having said that, we're also continue to go make some very significant investments around digital, and technology, certainly we have talked about the expenses related to the DOL implementation and we're wanting to make sure we're still planting seeds within all of our businesses, so we have future growth. So I don't want anybody to walk away from the call or quarter and think somehow it's taking out all expenses at all costs, because that's just not the approach that we would take here at Principal, so with that as a backdrop as it relates specifically to fee growth and revenue growth along the lines of business, I'll have Jim go first and have Nora make additional comments.
Jim McCaughan: If I look at the industry and institutional, the fee pressures depend a lot on which product and which asset category you're in. If you want a rule of thumb, over the last three to four years, passive fees for institutions have roughly halved. When you look at large scale, large cap core assets and fixed income and equities where there is a passive alternative, there has been intense fee pressure and in the industry they have maybe halved over the last decade or 15 years. There is a whole area however of relatively newer, relatively less liquid, relatively less efficient markets and those are areas where there is still quite a lot of pricing power and the fees have not moved for at least a decade, and that includes areas such as real estate, both public and private, high yield, other investment grade fixed income and preferreds all of which are areas we're strong in, and that's why our revenues have been quite buoyant, relative to assets compared with most of the industry. So we have some carefully chosen last liquid categories for active management still pays and where clients benefit from it and are prepared to pay. In the retail and mutual fund area, you can add some of those areas as helping the general performance, but the other piece to this in terms of where fees are going is our strength in multiasset, multimanager strategies which are designed to produce an outcome thiazide by clients. Here I think diversify income, diversified real asset. Those are areas where the outcome is beneficial to the client so the pricing is more resilient than it would be for the more commodetized passive and core areas. We feel pretty good right now about where we are relative to the fee pressures in the industry. We need to become more efficient because pricing is going down, but I would say that relative to the industry we feel very well placed.
Nora Everett: I'll be brief. To Jim's point, we have a couple things going in our favor here, one is in the retirement area, tremendous scale with regard to services and record keeping in that platform, just a tremendous scale and with the consolidation in the industry we're going to be a net gainer on that front. Two, and this is really critical, part of our retirement franchise, well, two pieces of it, one is what we call total retirement suite, we are one of very few competitors in the U.S. where you can have one stop shopping with regard to your DB, your DC, non-equal, and ESOP plan, and that is hugely valuable to our plan sponsors and advisors with regard to the one stop shopping, and three and this is another critical piece is we have one of the most extensive layups of target dates in the U.S., and they are multimanaged, which is a real benefit in this environment. Multi-managed and hybrid, in other words, the choice not only around sub advisers but also around passive versus active. We don't pick a position in that space. We have the choice in what we have seen add planned sponsors, really, really taking that particular investment product and putting a premium on that and the ability to have the one stop shopping in addition to that qualified default option.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Humphrey Lee with Dowling Partners
Humphrey Lee: Just a follow up to Luis in terms of what you're seeing in terms of Chile pension reform, what can you see in terms of potential impact to the industry?
Luis Valdes: Let me say first that were very pleased about the fact that finally the Chilean government is taking serious actions in order to review and propose a more comprehensive pension reform in Chile that it might sound counter-intuitive. But I have to say also that Principal since the early 2000 we have been a strong advocator in order to review the pension reform in Chile in a much more comprehensive way as I said, the pension system as you know is the golden standard in system [indiscernible] but it has some issues that has to be addressed about adequacy, and the most important problem is the one that's created, this kind of unrest you have seen in pillar zero. It has nothing to do with the ASPs, the pillar thats been called a solidarity pillar, in which the governance is in charge of that pillar is very much more the one that provides a safety net for low income segment in Chile and most of the low income segment, they haven't been part of the labor force they were, they had a few contributions AFP system. For you to know, not this government, you know, many governments, even, you know, in the past, they took a kind of free ride with the pension system. The total government retirement expenditure in the pillar zero is 0.7% of the GDP. Average for countries is OECD 18% up to 20%. So here we have the most important issue about adequacy in the pension system. The Chilean government, they send very quickly, the bill in order to raise the minimum pensions in pillar zero upto 10% last week. So they're reacting very quickly. Having said that, the government has to pay a lot of pension of Pillar O and Pillar Zero and thats the most important initiatives about this whole discussions are going with. The second thing that we have to address in Chile, and this discussions about the self-employed segment. You know, they are not well covered. They don't have any compulsion contribution. They don't belong to any system, and they have to. The third element is to put some adjustment for the ASP system, which our pillar one, still the [indiscernible] 10% contribution rate over salary, I mean, its absolutely insufficient lower for longer is an issue for every place and Chileans are living longer as well. Also they do have a salary cap and the salary cap remains almost the same one in the last 30 years. At the beginning of the system, just 2% of the labor force was kept, today more than 20% of the labor force is capped, 35% of our customers are capped, so that 10% over your salary is even lower than 10%, so we have to address the 10%. We are advocating for a 15% minimum, and to remove the salary cap. The third issue is to reinforce the pillar two, which is the workplace solutions and group solutions in that country, and we have I would say good and [indiscernible] in order to support those -- I will say improvements, but I will say that the whole discussion is going to take a kind of long time in order to really have a solid and good pension reform, and I think that is very unlikely that this current administration is going to be over to go through and absolutely sure that probably this whole discussion is going to go over the next administration in 2018.
Humphrey Lee: I think just a quick follow up. I think there was some discussion about the fees, I think some opposition of the current system complaining about the fee being charged to the pensioners. Can you just talk about in general how do you see the fee structure right now, and what could potentially be at risk?
Luis Valdes: We're going into details. We have been vocal in our proposal, not just now is to charge over AUMs instead of flows, there is much more transparent, much more clear. That is going to align the interest of our customers and our oldest stakeholders in the ASP system. So we really do think that the system has to charge fees over AUMs. On average today, that discussion is going to help us in order to make much more clear that the pension system in Chile is one of the most efficient and cheapest, around the 27 pensions [indiscernible]. On average, the pension system charged 60 basis points over AUMs and in the case of Cuprum we charge a number which is lower than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: So it sounds like if pension reform, you know, really gets through, ultimately in Chile, there's actually some potential, you know, for your business to thrive a bit more if some of these things go through, but I'm interested in what the sort of near to intermediate term might end up looking like as you sort of transition through this process, and, you know, the deposits, if I'm looking at page 16 of your supplement, have been very stable, you know, but the withdrawal side, you know, has started to really expand these last cup of quarters and I'm wondering if there's really cause and effect there, you know, cause being the, you know, the protesting. And where you expect that money to end up going and what your flows could look like at least during a transitory period here?
Dan Houston: I guess the way I would go at this is to, again, remind everyone on the call that our strategy in Chile does not limit itself just to the compulsory. That's the newest piece of business that we have. The second is the voluntary workplace environment that Luis very appropriately articulated and the last piece is to provide lifetime income to retirees, all three of those are key components in this strategy. I don't think Chile is different than the U.S. in the DOL debates or the challenges around the rest of the world, whether it was a conversation in Hong Kong, there is an outcry, I would suggest about making sure that the fees are appropriate and just Reich in the case of Chile, and Hong Kong and the U.S., there's conversation with the DOL, and various regulators around the world to make sure they understand that the products and services that are being provided for by the service companies, and you know, we all know, and we can speak to the issue of asset management, but the hand holding, the call centers, the ability to provide information, education, and advice in some instances, is really the life blood of this business model around the world. So Luis was articulating, we have spent a lot of time educating regular regulators that there need to be a reasonable fee associated with all of these products so to answer your specific questions, we are getting outflows today in Chile in large part because some of the protests that were large, six weeks ago, they continue to get smaller and smaller and smaller in terms of the number of people participating.  I don't think this is going to have any sort of meaningful impact on our flows or our ability to generate an earnings off the investments that we made in Chile.
John Nadel: And I had a separate question for Terry. If we look on a consolidated basis your investment income in the quarter and we adjust for the fact that encaje was a little bit stronger and you had the real estate gain, would you characterize, you know, investment income X those items, as, you know, still a bit elevated, you know, maybe driven by some prepayments or bond calls or would you characterize it as more normal.
Terry Lillis: As we look at these items, there's going to be volatility from quarter to quarter as to Hoyer or lower, a little bit from expected variances. What we try to do is call out the significant items in this particular quarter, we talked about three significant items, the one being the annual actuarial review that had actually a volatile number this quarter. But the real estate sale that we had as well as the encaje performance, we felt that that was a little bit more transparency, visibility into the volatility that we have seen in terms of volatility, I have talked in the past about real estate sales as well as prepayment activity generating anywhere from 3 to 7 cents EPS. This quarter, we were significantly higher than that, well north of, you know, 12, 13 cents. So actually, this volatility that we called out brings us right back into that more normal range for that particular piece. But as I said, you'll have periods where the Alternative investments might be a little bit higher or a little bit lower, the general count is actually growing, so you'd see some increase in the net income because of that. But we try to give you the best information possible in terms of variance and volatility from what we would have expected, so the $1.22 that we had is the run rate that we believe is an appropriate number for this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from [indiscernible] with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: I want to go back to the RIS margins which seem to be quite strong relative to your guidance in previous periods. I guess what's driving this performance. You have highlighted expenses or expense management. Is there a timing issue there or are there also other drivers that have really driving this performance here.
Dan Houston: I think it's a fairly clear explanation, but Nora please go ahead and make some additional comments.
Nora Everett: I mentioned earlier, even when you exclude some of the variances that Terry has talked about, we're still on the lower end of our DAC expenses this quarter and we have some meaningful timing issues with expenses so that's why we're not saying this is the run rate. What I would say is what's creating the very strong quarter, what we can't lose sight of is the fundamentals, the really strong fundamentals in this business. You're seeing growth basically across every metric, plan count, whether thats total reoccurring deposits, we're just seeing very strong, very broad growth in this business. So the underlying growth is exceptionally strong. What we're just, what we're speaking to is that run rate, and just want to make sure people understand that we've got two issues here, one is a timing issue with regard to expenses this quarter, and the other is this DAC amort that tends to be light this quarter in addition to the annual assumption review issue with DAC amort. So that combination of things is why we're still guiding towards the higher end of our original outlook guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: And then we haven't spent a lot of time on this quarter for a change, but as we're nearing the implementation deadline of DOL, just wondered if you have any updated thoughts on where you stand there.
Dan Houston: Just a couple of quick comments. You know, I'm very pleased to say that the way things are turning out are fairly consistent with what we have been articulating and that is that our large distribution partners who we have been out to see and worked very closely with, most of them have come in on what their strategy is and allowing their financial advisers to work under two environments, one on a fee basis, one on the basis of the best interest contract standard. We're seeing a full range and a lot of discussion around that, and again, we were anticipating that, and we would expect it. Secondly, we don't see any sort of change as reflects our ability to continue to have a robust investment platform with proprietary investment options being made available to small and medium sized employers, and third a benefit event for job changers and retirees, again, requires disclosure, but again, a workable model for the sake of being able to continue to provide our customers with choices in retirement, whether they decide to keep the money in the plan, choose a rollover IRA with Principal or to take their funds to a different service provider and lastly as we have worked through our own broker dealer and looking closely at our financial advisers, our 1500 or so financial advisers, we're retaining our talent. They have found what we have shared with them as a workable solution to allow them to continue to have a successful practice here at Principal. Again, we don't think there's a really a lot of new news as it relates to DOL here.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Barnidge with Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: You mentioned that foreign currency favorably impacted you year over year for the first time in five years, I believe, how much of a tail wind do you think this could prove, and then I have one follow up.
Terry Lillis: Sure. As we look at the exchange rate, actually we saw more stability in the exchange rain on a year-over-year basis. However on a trailing 12 month basis there's still a pretty significant head wind that we're fighting because of the strengthening of the dollar has really, excuse me, the weakening of the dollar has really occurred since the beginning of the year. So this was the first quarter-over-quarter comparison where we actually saw some benefit from it. I think long-term we have always talked about stability in the dollar. We're not actually looking for tail winds or looking for head winds, but when you actually reflected on a constant currency basis, which I think is a way we want to look at the business on a constant currency basis, we're still seeing that mid- to upper teens growth rate of our international businesses. It's very strong, and we have been trying to reflect that on a year-over-year basis or excuse me for several quarters but now we actually have some numbers when the dollar is relatively stable that you're actually seeing the growth of that underlying business.
Dan Houston: Yes, it's so unfortunate as you think about the last five years, there's been really solid work and performance from those local businesses driving local net cash flows, driving revenues, driving customer satisfaction, accumulating a lot of really significant number of investors and unfortunately because of the effects, it undermined its credibility and now we hopefully can see that start to turn around the other way. Thank you, John for the question.
John Barnidge: And then my follow up, if I may. Yesterday, the DOL released FAQ's on the fiduciary rule that significantly disrupts how brokers recruit, and require a major overhaul, to recruit bonuses a way from making them contingent on asset sales or sales targets, how do you see this change impacting your distribution partners?
Deanna Strable: You're right, those FAQs came out yesterday, and we expect a couple more rounds of those, I would say what was clarified in that FAQ was actually very consistent with how we had set up our plan forward with our advisers. Again, I think we had anticipated the clarification would have been there, and we feel good relative to how we were planning to comply and compete going forward. You know, I think as Dan mentioned, we have actually made announcements relative to our internal sales force, and we have moved from decision making into implementation, but I think those FAQs that came out really aligned with how we were targeting our implementation pact going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kovac: One for Dan here, as you think about uses of capital. In the past acquisitions have been a key strategy in use of capital Principal, and we have seen increased $ activity in some of your core markets and you did mention, I believe in your prepared remarks some expected consolidation continuing, so I'm wondering if you're expecting this to increase the use of capital heading into, either year end or into 2017, specifically as you think about asset management, multiples at these compressed levels today and as you build upon that, where would you be looking, whether it's asset management, retirement operations, internationally, and then give us a sense of what you see as the deployable capital against those types of acquisitions.
Dan Houston: That's probably a 30 minute response but I'll give a relatively brief response, and what I would say is we have tried to really have a disciplined approach to capital deployment whether it's to increase our dividends, stock buyback, making investments in our organic growth strategies here at Principal, being very cautious about even within the organic lines, allocating that capital where we feel the shareholders benefiting the most, and as you point out, we have had a nice track record of making relatively small tuck-in acquisitions, I wouldn't call Cuprum tuck-in, but certainly across asset management and asset accumulation, we have had really, really nice acquisitions over the years, and I would say that we are going to continue to look for those opportunities and were going to continue to take a larger ownership share in some of the boutiques we have acquired in the past. You saw some of that traffic in the most recent quarter. We just believe fundamentally that's a great way to deploy capital for our shareholders. The other area we want to emphasize is getting tangential strategies where we have got existing boutique where we can infuse some additional capital and maybe acquire some talent and build out that capability. Jim's also added some sales offices over the course of 2016 to try to drive sales. So that's still very, very much part of our strategy. We feel like we have had really good organic growth in the core funds business. I don't think we would have to necessarily acquire another funds operation, and in terms of asset classes, we have talked about European real estate, we have talked about strategies that really align with what our investors needs are, which is generating long-term income and retirement, and long dated solutions, infrastructure is another area where we have looked at. So we're going to continue to be inquisitive, where again we can deploy capital in the best interest of our long-term shareholders' needs. Is that helpful?
Michael Kovac: That is. So just as we think about the mix this year versus maybe future years, it appears sort of pretty light, I guess, on the acquisition front. It sounds like maybe you're expecting that shifts in the future?
Dan Houston: Well, you know, pricing has a lot to do with these decisions and again, we try to be very organic and very disciplined in making acquisitions. It hasn't been from a lack of taking a hard look but we're going to continue to hold ourself to very high standard in terms of how we deploy our capital and whether it's, you know, managing our debt, managing our acquisitions, managing our share account or dividends, we're going to just take a very, very disciplined approach.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing remarks please.
Dan Houston: Again, thanks everyone for joining the call today. I know it was a busy day with the number of other companies reporting. You know from our perspective we're going to continue to invest our business, we're going to continue to grow our businesses, globally. We want to make sure we have a disciplined approach to aligning our expenses with our revenues and we're going to continue to take a very disciplined approach to tour capital deployment to the benefit of our long-term shareholders. Again, we look forward to seeing many of you on Investor Day, as John mentioned in the opening comments on November, 16th. So with that, have a great day, and thank you, again, for taking the time to listen to the call today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM. Eastern Time until the end of the day November 4th, 2016. 821-8807 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855)-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers, or (404)537-3406 for international callers. Thank you. This ends the call.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP,IR Dan Houston - CEO Terry Lillis - CFO Jim McCaughan - CEO, Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes - President, Principal International Nora Everett - President, Retirement and Income Solutions  Deanna Strable - President, U.S. Insurance Solutions
Analysts: Ryan Krueger - KBW Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs Humphrey Lee - Dowling and Partners Suneet Kamath - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's second quarter conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at Principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions, Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors, Luis Valdes, Principal International, Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions, and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The Company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes of strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and quarterly report on form 10-Q filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Before I turn the call over to Dan, I'd like to announce two upcoming investor events. The first is on September 13th in Tokyo. Senior leaders from our Asian operations in Principal Global Investors and Principal International will present on the opportunities in Asia. Additional information is available on our website. Second, we're hosting an Investor Day in New York City on November 16th. Our executive team will provide an update on each of our businesses with a particular focus on some of the key topics in our industry. We'll be e-mailing invitations for this event in the coming weeks. We hope you can join us for one or both of these events. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dan.
Dan Houston: Thank you, John. I want to start by expressing my continued confidence in our strategy and our diversified integrated set of businesses that work well together through the lens of our client. I'd characterize our results through six months as strong, particularly so given the context of four macroeconomic headwinds impacting our businesses, volatile equity markets, volatile emerging markets and foreign exchange rates, low interest rates and growing demand for lower-cost investment options. Despite these pressures, over the trailing 12 months we've delivered more than $1.2 billion in operating earnings, $17 billion of net cash flows and a $33 billion increase in assets under management. As shown on slide 5, strong investment performance remains a key contributor with 90%-plus of our Principal mutual funds, separate accounts and collective investment trust above median for three- and five-year performance at the end of the second quarter. These results reflect several other strengths as well. I'll briefly share some thoughts on each of them, starting with our success managing the right active strategies. While many other active managers are struggling, Principal Global Investors delivered $6.4 billion in positive net cash flows through the first half of 2016. The success reflects our focus on asset allocation, multi-asset, multi-manager strategies and our outcomes-based solutions. While volatile conditions remain, our strong net cash flows reflect strong underlying growth. We benefit again from a diversified business model, but more importantly, from how our businesses are integrated. Retirement and income solutions is central to that integration and our ability to meet customer needs throughout the spectrum of accumulation and retirement income stages. When full-service accumulation grows, it drives enterprise growth. Increasing the pool of retirement assets for Principal Global Investors to manage as well as growth for our retail funds and annuity businesses and, of course, Principal Bank. The U.S. retirement industry is a competitive market. That said, we remain highly competitive and the fundamentals remain strong. We added 1,100 net new defined contribution plans over the trailing 12 months and nearly 100,000 new participants with account values. I'd also point to our exceptional joint venture partners. Despite the severe recession in Brazil we have nearly $4 billion of positive net cash flows through mid-year. Much can be attributed to the relationship with our partner, Banco do Brasil. Another example is our joint venture with China Construction Bank. Over the trailing 12 months our pretax operating earnings in China have nearly tripled to $34 million. While the vast majority of China's assets under management growth and net cash flows this quarter were institutional and short term in nature, we're building momentum with retail investors. A couple additional points on our opportunity in China. First, an update on last quarter's announcement about the memorandum of understanding we signed with China Construction Bank to develop a new pension joint venture. Again, this is a longer term initiative but we're already dedicating resources. We're also doing a lot of work behind the scenes to share Principal's pension and asset management expertise with China Construction Bank and build relationships with leadership at their pension company. Lastly, as the result of our long term commitment to China and strong relationship, I had the privilege of participating in the U.S./China Strategic Economic Dialogue in Beijing in June. This gave me an opportunity to further discuss our commitment to improving retirement readiness in China and to that end, the importance of Principal obtaining a pension license. The last area I will cover is our continued strong track record of execution. Specialty benefits is a great example. The level and consistency of growth and profitability in this business continues to be industry leading, reflecting our focus on small- to medium-size businesses, strong pricing discipline and strong claims management. Strong execution also applies to three other areas I've been highlighting with investors, our solution set, distribution and customer experience.  Here are a few examples that reflect our ongoing effort to evolve the organization in these areas and position Principal for sustainable, profitable growth. I'll start with PlanWorks, our retirement readiness plan design. Through the first six months of 2016, we've increased the number of PlanWorks contracts by 25% compared to the same period a year ago and more than doubled the number of additional participants covered. While this is resource intensive and is accomplished one plan at a time, this work is moving the needle in two important ways. First, higher participation rates and the use of automatic deferral increases is contributing to growth in recurring deposits which are up approximately $500 million for the first six months of 2016. Second, better participant outcomes contribute to continued strong contract level retention which is more than 97% through mid-year 2016. From a distribution standpoint, we continue to make meaningful progress getting our funds on third-party platforms, model portfolios and recommended lists. Through mid-year 2016 we put more than 20 different funds on nearly 20 different platforms, with success across equities, fixed income, as well as alternatives. Moving to our solutions set, in addition to multiple fund launches in first half of the year we've positioned multiple offerings for the second half launch. Our global product strategy contemplates opportunities such as accelerating demand for income solutions due to the aging global populations, potential disruption from regulatory changes, as well as the trend toward lower-cost product structures. As one final example, I'll highlight our recent launch of online individual life and individual disability insurance purchasing portal. We're already seeing strong interest in the site that is producing leads and conversion to sales of nearly 10%. This demonstrates the need individuals have for these products and their desire to engage with us to further protect their financial future.  Before I hand off to Terry, I want to provide a brief update on work we're doing to prepare for the implementation of the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule. We're making significant progress working with multiple distribution partners to design an array of best-interest solutions and address changing business models. As we said last quarter, we believe we'll continue to lead the industry by creating sustainable solutions that meet the needs of the market, by managing assets appropriate for retirement and other of long term strategies and providing a diversified portfolio of in-plan offerings and systematic withdrawal solutions.  Since the release of the final rule, our cross-business unit teams have gained a clearer understanding of the cost to cover training and system and product modifications to ensure we can continue to serve advisors and customers post implementation. We anticipate the increased cost will be approximately $1 million per month over the next 18 to 24 months. Once fully implemented we estimate the annual operational cost associated with the new rule to increase annual expenses by $5 million to $10 million. In closing, again, the fundamentals of our business remain strong and we continue to position Principal for long term growth through strong execution and ongoing investments to enhance our competitive position. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income, including performance of the investment portfolio and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. Our teams delivered strong results in the second quarter, proving once again that our diversified and integrated business model drives results despite some ongoing macroeconomic volatility. Second quarter total Company after-tax operating earnings were $337 million, the second highest on record. This was a 3% increase compared to the normalized year-ago quarter and an 18% increase over first quarter 2016. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to manage the long term growth rate of expenses in line with revenues and we'll continue to see a positive impact from that in the second half of 2016. Compared to second quarter 2015, the S&P daily average was more than 1% lower in second quarter 2016, resulting in lower fee income and impacting earnings on our fee-based businesses. However, compared to the first quarter, the daily average was up 6%. Additionally, persistent low interest rates pressure our spread and risk-based businesses. Although the majority of our earnings come from our fee-based businesses, we're impacted by the low interest rate environment and as I'll discuss later in the call, we'll continue to work to mitigate that risk. As shown on slide 6, reported earnings per share were $1.15 for second quarter 2016, a 5% increase over the normalized year-ago quarter. We did not normalize any items in the second quarter as performance fees, claims and encaje performance were all within normal volatility. I'll cover those items in more detail in the business unit sections. At the end of the second quarter, trailing 12-months return on equity, excluding AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustments, was 13.3%. This was down 140 basis points from the year-ago quarter, reflecting flat equity markets, a strong U.S. dollar and lower prepayment activity. Now I'll discuss the business unit results, starting on slide 7 with the RIS-fee businesses. Second quarter pretax operating earnings were $125 million, down 13% from the year-ago quarter. Revenues were negatively impacted by lower fee revenue and lower variable investment income, partially offset by diligent expense management. However, we've seen a strong 9% increase from the first quarter, reflecting growth in the business, improved market performance and continued expense management. On a reported basis, trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue was 29%. After normalizing for the third quarter 2015 actuarial assumption review, the trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue was 32% in second quarter 2016. Despite the ongoing competitiveness of the U.S. retirement market, we remain confident about our opportunities in this business. RIS-fee quarterly net cash flows were flat, reflecting the loss of one large client. The pipeline remains strong and we expect net cash flows to be at the upper end of our stated range of 1% to 3% of beginning-of-year account values. Turning to slide 8, RIS-spread quarterly pretax operating earnings were $70 million, a 2% increase over the normalized prior-year quarter. Growth in the business was partially offset by a decline in variable investment income. On a sequential basis, growth in the business and higher variable investment income generated a 4% increase on pretax operating earnings. While full service payout sales were lower in the second quarter compared to record sales in the prior-year quarter, we still have a strong pipeline in our target market. On a trailing 12-month basis, second quarter pretax return on net revenue after adjusting for the third quarter 2015 actuarial assumption review was 55%. Turning to slide 9, Principal Global Investors reported pretax operating earnings of $118 million, a 19% increase over the year-ago quarter and a 47% increase over the first quarter. Performance and transaction fees rebounded from the lower levels in the first quarter. Second quarter's fees are slightly above our long term quarterly expectations. However, on a year-to-date basis, these fees are in line with our expectations and are a good proxy going forward. Both the retail and the institutional platforms contributed to record assets under management, record operating earnings and positive net cash flows of nearly $6 billion, a contrast from recent trends in the active management space. On a trailing 12-month basis, the pretax return on adjusted revenues was 34% in the second quarter and within our targeted range. Slide 10 shows quarterly pretax operating earnings for Principal International were $70 million. Second quarter 2016 encaje performance was $5 million lower than expected on a pretax basis within expected volatility. Compared to the first quarter, operating earnings were up 3% due to the underlying growth of the business. Foreign currency tailwinds during the quarter were partially offset by headwinds from Latin American inflation. On a constant currency basis and adjusting for expected encaje performance, Principal International continues to produce mid-teens growth in operating earnings and revenues. Net cash flows for the second quarter were $3.2 billion, primarily driven by strong net cash flows within our two companies in Brazil, BrasilPrev and Claritas. BrasilPrev captured 59% of the open pension industry net deposits during the second quarter and Claritas, our mutual fund company in Brazil, generated $200 million of net cash flows in the quarter, demonstrating its strategic importance in this market. Although not included in Principal International's reported net cash flows of $3.2 billion for the quarter, our joint venture in China generated a record $45 billion of net cash flows in the second quarter but nearly all of the flows were short term in nature and with low basis-point fees. These institutional mandates carry no investment guarantees. Turning to U.S. Insurance Solutions, it was a strong quarter with pretax operating earnings of $104 million, up 18% over the prior-year quarter. We also had nice top-line growth, with overall sales up 12% and premium and fees up 7%. On slide 11, specialty benefits quarterly pretax operating earnings were a strong $67 million, an increase of 29% from the prior-year quarter, primarily due to a favorable loss ratio. The loss ratio was driven by positive claims volatility within our expected range, continued investments in our claims process and technology and strong underwriting and renewal practices. We expect the specialty benefits loss ratio to trend back over the next few quarters towards recent trailing 12-month levels with normal quarterly volatility. Specialty benefit continues to deliver above-market growth with a 7% increase in premium and fees on a normalized trailing 12-month basis. Normalized pretax return on premium and fees and specialty benefits was very strong, at the top-end of our targeted range. As shown on slide 12, individual life pretax operating earnings were $37 million for the quarter, a slight increase over the prior-year period, as growth was partially offset by slightly higher mortality. Normalized trailing 12-month premium and fee growth of 4% is within the targeted range. We continue to execute on our business market strategy, with sales in this market comprising more than half of the total individual life sales in the quarter. After removing the impact of the 2014 and 2015 third quarter actuarial reviews, the trailing 12-month pretax return on premium and fees was 15%, reflecting favorable mortality results. Corporate pretax operating losses were $55 million, reflecting the timing of some funded initiatives. We expect to be at the low end of our full-year range. For the quarter, total Company net income was $322 million, including net realized capital losses of $15 million. Credit-related losses continued to be lower than our long term expectations at $6 million. One risk the market has been focused on recently is the potential for an interest rate environment that stays low for a long period of time. With only 4% of our $573 billion of assets under management with a minimum guaranteed interest rate, we believe our exposures are manageable, given a business mix that's predominantly fee based, driving 70% of total Company operating earnings, a portfolio of guaranteed businesses that have varying levels of impact from interest rate risk, ongoing derisking activities in the design and distribution of guaranteed products and disciplined pricing as part of our asset liability management strategy. I'll close with some comments on our capital management strategy. As outlined on slide 13, through the second quarter we've deployed $453 million of capital with a commitment of approximately $118 million for our third quarter common stock dividend. We continue to target $800 million to $1 billion for the full year. Our deployment strategy remains balanced as we look at multiple ways to add long term value for shareholders. In second quarter 2016, we paid a $0.39 per share common stock dividend. Last night we announced an increase in our common stock dividend to $0.41 per share, payable in the third quarter, a 7% increase over third quarter 2015 on a trailing 12-month basis. In addition, we repurchased $104 million worth of common stock in the second quarter. We continue to execute on our Board authorized $400 million share repurchase program and as of today we have $250 million remaining in that program. We also deployed an additional $38 million in the second quarter as we increased our ownership in existing Principal Global Investor boutiques. As I started out saying, we continue to benefit from our diversified and integrated business model in volatile macroeconomic environments. Second quarter was another great example of the strong fundamentals of our business as a result of focused execution and disciplined expense management. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I think first one probably for Jim McCaughan. Was just hoping you could comment on the impact of Brexit that you're seeing so far on PGI clients, client activity, as well as if there's any structural implications for your business.
Dan Houston: I'll have Jim handle that from a boutique perspective. Then I'd like to also have Terry take a shot at answering as relates to our UK holding company. Jim?
Jim McCaughan: First thing I'd say on Brexit is we have a very substantial operation in London so that could be a factor longer term depending on how over the next two to three years the Brexit negotiations go. Our main international fund product is domiciled in Dublin which will remain part of the Europe Union. We have our investment advisor and mutual finds domiciled in Dublin. That will allow us access throughout Europe almost regardless of how the negotiations go. We also in the European Union, just for completeness, have offices in Munich, Amsterdam and Malta, all of which give us some flexibility about how we will domicile and manage different businesses depending on how the negotiations go, so we feel pretty well protected here. Our first concern is we have many nationalities in London. It looks as if the ability of our various people in London to continue to be based there will be unimpaired, but that's something we're watching very carefully. That's probably our number one near term concern. As regards the clients, Ryan, we have actually seen if anything a boost to our business from the tensions within the European Union, if anything. Because largely what we're selling is global and dollar-based products which are extremely attractive in the very low interest rate environment you have in Europe. Europe has been a pretty good market for us. Even if economies are somewhat negatively impacted by Brexit, both in Eurozone and in Britain, even if that happens, we would expect to continue to be in a pretty strong position as a fundamentally global and cross-border player.
Terry Lillis: Ryan, this is Terry. I'd just like to add a couple comments onto Jim's comments. We're obviously monitoring what's happening there. We do think it's going to take a while for it to actually unfold. We're looking at it, watching it, the opportunities that we have obviously there, they could be positive, they could be negative. But at the same time, we think this is a very efficient model for the UK holding company to help us to move capital efficiently and effectively around our operation, our international operation, both for international investment boutiques as well as our Principal International businesses. That said, we still will continue to monitor and look for additional options that we can do to take advantage if it does actually turn negative. At this point in time we're not anticipating any changes.
Dan Houston: Ryan, this is going to obviously play out over a long period of time. They've not even given their formal withdrawal notification at this point which could be sometime this fall, then they've got two years after that. We expect there to be a lot of negotiating and a lot of haggling between now and that point in time. Is that helpful?
Ryan Krueger: Different follow or separate question. In terms of Brazil, can you talk a little bit more about what you saw that led to such a big pick-up in the flows this quarter?
Dan Houston: Yes, I'll make kind of a broad comment and throw it over to Luis. Brazil gets in the headlines a lot. Obviously when your President's impeached, it's going to do that. Just as a reminder, when you think about Brazil, we know that there's relatively high inflation, there's high unemployment. We also know that in Brazil right now that we've got a rebound in the currency. The currency's up on a year-to-date basis about 22% and we know the stock market's up about 31%. So in spite of the Zika and the Olympics challenges, Brazil and in particular our partner, Banco do Brasil, has been very strong through this, for this first six months. Luis, you want to talk more about our business there?
Luis Valdes: Yes, Ryan. Certainly the new administration, the Temer administration, is having a profound impact about the moods in Brazil and certainly we're very much more confident that the recession is not going to be that tough as it was predicted for 2016. Even analysts are saying that probably in 2017 you're going to have probably a flat economy, if not a little bit positive. That is impacting a lot of moods for our clients and particularly we have been able to see a very important rebound in our activity in Banco do Brasil, particularly Brazilians continue saving money for their long term saving needs and retirement needs. It's very clear as well that for a long time the Brazilian government is going to be unable to put together some kind of strong pillar one for pensions so voluntary pensions and open pension companies are going to continue playing a very important role in that country. We remain very optimistic about our business in Brazil.
Operator: The next question will come from Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: Want to ask a question on revenue growth, specifically within the retirement fee business. On a quarter basis year over year is down 5%. If we look trailing 12-months it's down 4% despite what appears to me flat asset levels over both those periods. I understand that flat markets, lower variable investment income, make it difficult to hit the growth targets but the decline there a little bit greater than what I would have expected. Just curious if this is indicative of fee pressure, asset mix shift or some other factor I'm not accounting for.
Dan Houston: You're certainly touching on some of the key drivers there. This business is a real flagship for the organization, has been for a long time, strong margins, strong growth. It's certainly a feeder to what Jim does within asset management. It supports the bank, [indiscernible] line, the mutual fund line for rollovers. We had a very difficult comparison to a year-ago quarter but with that said, I'm going to ask Nora Everett to weigh in and talk specifically about some of the challenges on the revenue line. My last comment of before throwing it over, a lot of credit to Nora and Greg Burrows and the team for really doing a nice job managing expenses to ensure that we're aligning our expenses with our revenues. Nora? 
Nora Everett: You've identified underperforming equity markets. You've identified the fact that we quarter-over quarter had the variable investment income down. What you're asking about is really the gap between account value growth and revenue growth. This is a gap that's been part of our business for many, many years. This isn't a new phenomenon. If you look quarter-over quarter sometimes can be a bit -- it can bounce back and forth, but if you look at a trailing 12-month period over the last many years, you're going to generally see that gap and remember, this is a growth gap. You're going to generally see that between 4% and 5%. Sometimes it's going to be more. Sometimes it's going to be less. In a down market you might see that gap close a bit, but the fact there are many, many factors that are contributing to that. They're industry factors. There's product mix changes that you get in your block. There's business mix changes that you get in your block. Obviously there's investment mix changes that are going on, on a constant basis and then there's competitive pricing. I could go on and on. There are other factors, but you get the point. There are a number of different factors that are going to impact that delta between the account value growth and the revenue growth. We're seeing the impact of that as is everybody in the industry.
Dan Houston: Seth, was that helpful?
Seth Weiss: That's helpful. Thank you. I suppose I understand the delta when you have growing markets, given some of the fixed portion of the fees that come in. In flat markets, though, seeing that delta at that same 4% to 5%, you start to question in terms of sort of the structural pressures. I guess, Nora, you're touching on that on sort of the fees and asset mix shifts. What I wanted to shift to and Dan you alluded to it on the expense management side and the quarter beat particularly within our RIS-fee and PGI really seemed to be on the expense side. I was encouraged to see those expenses really flat to down. Was curious if you could speak about that maybe on a global level in terms of what you're doing on expenses and how sustainable that is going forward.
Dan Houston: Good question. The first thing I'd say is there's not an across-the-board mandate to reduce expenses. What we've tried to always do, Larry did it, Barry did it, Terry's certainly been at the forefront of this as we've migrated the Company, is to really look at the revenues that we're generating and what expenses are necessary in order to get a delta between the two. That's where our focus is on. Again, not anything across the board but by business unit within Jim's operations and Nora's and Deanna's and Luis', as well as across corporate, we're looking at how do we line those expenses for the revenues we're able to create. It doesn't happen overnight. I would tell you, we've been at this now for -- it's an ongoing effort and we're going to continue to focus on that. At the same time, what I would tell you is we're making the investments where we need to make investments. We have to make an investment in DOL. We have to make an investment in technology. We have to make sure our products are relevant. Part of the of diminution of the revenue stream that Nora mentioned was around investment mix. If someone chooses a collective investment trust that has a similar investment strategy but the underlying revenue associated with it is less, that's good for the customer, good for the participant, good for the advisor and we need to recognize we have a little bit less revenue coming in. This won't go away at the end of this quarter or the next quarter. It's something we're going to continue to keep top of mind. At the same time, never put the mission and the strategy of the organization at risk. Is that helpful?
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kovac: If I could follow up on some comments that I believe Dan made in the opening remarks on the DOL and appreciate the increased disclosure there. First one is related to the new solutions that you mentioned, could you provide us more context of what that is and how that compares to the current business mix in terms of both product and then potentially margin?
Dan Houston: I'd be happy to do that. I'm actually going to have a number of us take a shot at this because it's a good opportunity to really speak to some of the underlying details of DOL. I think about it impacting in three different areas. One area which Deanna will cover, is around Principal Advisor Network, our 1200 advisors that are out there every day supporting small- to medium-size businesses and their business owners. Nora, on the retirement space, of course we have impact on our ability to attract and retail rollovers at benefit event for job changers and retirees. Of course, within Jim's organization we have the mutual fund company and certainly could impact DCIO as well. With that, Deanna, do you want to make comments on PAN?
Deanna Strable: Just a couple of comments. Some of this will add onto some of the comments I made in last quarter's results. I think the first thing to keep in mind, as Dan mentioned, we have 1,200 kind of proprietary advisors across the United States and I think the first thing to remember is they sell across the broad range of products that we offer here in the U.S.. Actually if you look underneath that, the majority of that system's revenue are actually coming from products that are not impacted by the DOL regulation. That could be obviously our life insurance business, disability insurance business, group benefits as well as non-qualified transactions across retirement and PGI. I think that's the first thing that is great to understand. And then I think underneath that, obviously the final regs do have a path forward for proprietary products and even today our affiliated advisors already have choice between different types of products as well as different proprietary and nonproprietary offerings. We think that puts us in a good stead to continue to offer them a competitive set of products and solutions but also put us in a good stead going forward. I spend a lot of time with these advisors and I continue to have confidence that they already properly evaluate their customers' needs and make recommendations that are in the best interest of the customer. I think even though this is going to put some additional compliance and monitoring relative to that, as we leverage the [indiscernible] for both our retail and retirement plan business, I do feel that both the current business model of those advisors as well as the processes and training we'll be putting in place, really do provide a path forward for this part of the business and how it interacts with all of our product solutions.
Nora Everett: Sure. Mike, you asked about solutions and I'll look at it you through the retirement plan lens. We're actually really, really confident in our ability to work with our alliance partners because we're out there working with them right now. They're going to make decisions about their business model and we're ready to execute on that. We've already got a couple things that are in place. We actually have services and products that are in place that already address the DOL rule, levelized commission structure for the broker dealers. Most of our dealers already use this levelized comp solution that we have. We've already got a zero-revenue share investment platform for both of our fee-based and commissioned advisors. That's where we collect administrative fees from participants directly, another solution under the DOL rule. We already have an integrated third-party investment fiduciary service, so that's an example of a product and service that we've had in place for many years. That's going to directly address the DOL, one of the models that many of our advisors may choose to outsource that third-party investment fiduciary piece. We have a number of in-plan solutions. The new option, obviously, for all of us in the industry is what we call the BIC, the best interest contract. As we're out there talking to our distribution partners, we're finding that many of them are going to look and probably execute under the BIC. We're working with them to help design our end of that equation that then hooks into their end of that equation. The platform exception is one other example, prepackaged investments. We're having discussions around that. Bottom line is we've got a lot that's already in place and actually we've been executing on it for a number of years and we're out there with our alliance partners. Many, many of them may be leaning to the BIC and we'll be ready to go on that front.
Jim McCaughan: Thanks, Dan. In the mutual fund business the adverse impact for the business generally will be around moves towards lower-cost share classes. For us, a move to lower-cost share classes basically means share classes without a 12b-1 fee or a front-end load. But that move has been going on anyway for several years. For example, 70% of our A shares in our mutual fund business is already load waved, so it's a pretty small minority of our mutual funds where we have a front-end load. That will eventually go away, perhaps accelerated by the implications of the DOL rule, but it's a pretty small amount for us and currently we're collecting around $5 million annually from the entire front-end loads. That is a pretty modest impact and it will go away gradually. On the 12b-1s, those are basically a pass-through for our business. They're a way that advisors get paid and then it's passed through by the fund company, so the effect of 12b-1s going away should in the end be negligible over the period it happens. We don't see that as having a big implication. It's all part of the general fee erosion which is happening in mutual funds which just means we have to get more efficient. I think also I'd be remiss if I didn't point out a couple of opportunities. One is if you look around at retirement platforms in the industry generally, there may be a move away from poorer performing or less well designed proprietary products. That will be an opportunity for us to offer our products in a defined contribution investment only basis and we're increasing our resources devoted to finding those clients. Secondly, on the efficiency point, I'd remind you we did a business integration announced early last year of our fund company with Principal he Global Investors. That is enabling us to grow the business without adding cost. It wasn't done as a cost take-out. We haven't had any reduction in forces consequent on that operation, but it's an opportunity for us to gradually redeploy people, become more efficient and actually do more business with our existing team.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Jim. Mike, just maybe three closing comments on this topic and it's probably more than you asked for as relates to DOL specificity. When you look at the cost, the underlying cost, there's a lot of training and a lot of education and a lot of development within our own staff, within our own call centers, within Principal Advisor Network, within our partners. That contributes certainly to the cost.  The second is, as you heard from Deanna and Nora and Jim, a lot of this has to do with adapting current product to retrofit it to work with the marketplace. It's not going to require refiling. A lot of what we have is going to be able to be modified to work. Lastly, I would tell you we're on our front foot in working with our distribution partners. They embrace the conversation. They want to have the conversation. And we're feeling pretty optimistic about how we can work our way through the DOL reg. Any additional comments?
Michael Kovac: Just a numbers question. You gave us some increased disclosure in terms of what the compliance costs would be. Can you sort of break down what you're putting into that $5 million to $10 million go forward and maybe $18 million to $24 million upfront? Is that sort of all retraining or some of these product sort of shifts that you've mentioned also in those numbers?
Dan Houston: That's D, all of the above. It was our attempt to try to capture as much as we could. We're not going to go into the nitty-gritty detail of breaking each one of those down. Each one of our service support areas, each one of our BUs, distribution areas, did the best job they could to quantify what they thought they would have invested and making the modifications around training, around development, around modifying the products themselves. We think it's our best guess and as Terry always reminds me, it will be wrong. Just a matter of degree of being wrong. But we feel pretty good about the number in total. Thank you for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: The question related to the China business over there. You mentioned a lot of the inflows in the quarter were institutional money. Were they predominantly related to a single party or was it a more broad base of clients?
Dan Houston: Humphrey, good question and one that Luis is all too familiar with. Luis?
Luis Valdes: As you know, let me try to provide some background in China. The Chinese government has been very focused on deleveraging that economy. In line with that, CCB Bank, our partner, has been very focused in order to work and increase the quality of their loan portfolio in their bank. Having said that, in the of last quarter instead of to loan money which is going into bank deposits, they decided to invest that money in short term fixed income and they moved that money essentially into our JV, our asset management company. The source of that money is, that is the source of that money. Having said that, that is why we got $45 billion in net customary cash flows. This is China. But none of that money that I mentioned to you coming from CCB bank. Out of that, $2 billion or $3 billion are part of our underlying long term saving mutual fund retail business. That is essentially from where that money's coming from.
Humphrey Lee: Staying on the topic of China, so recently there's some discussion about the Chinese government is curbing the wealth management product and kind of maybe limiting the options available to retail clients. My understanding is for fixed income funds would probably be less affected. My understanding is your JV's [indiscernible] offering very strong in the fixed income component. Maybe you can talk about some of the regulatory changes there and maybe opportunities there going forward.
Luis Valdes: That is a good question. The Chinese government has been very eager and keen to try to, I would say, reduce the activity related with the wealth management products, also trying to manage in some way all the shadow banking and also other type of activities and lending activities that you might have there. We're not reporting and we never have reported any kind of wealth management productivity and in our JV, we don't have almost nothing in a very small part of our asset management in the JV that we're not reporting that money, is that kind of wealth management product. But we have a very marginal activity in that part of the business in China in our JV.
Humphrey Lee: But then if there's a greater demand for kind of fixed income type mutual funds, maybe talk about your product offering of the asset management platform of the JV and how you can maybe capitalize the opportunities there.
Luis Valdes: What we're doing even -- you have to consider the China mutual fund industry is a very short term oriented by nature. What we're doing, we're moving and shifting our strategy in order to be a long term saving provider in China. It looks difficult but we're going to do it and it's going to be a long march in China. As an example, we just launched a final fund presently in the month of July and that's allowing us to really, really offer different kind of solutions, balanced funds and asset location products to our clients. The idea is to expand that offering into the bank platform in order to start moving and continue moving and shifting our strategy towards more long term oriented funds in China. We do think that we do have a very good opportunity in order to do that and we're going to continue moving our JV in that direction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start with Terry on capital deployment. If I think about the $800 million to $1 billion guidance for the year and I think about what you've done and sort of what you've committed to, I think I'm getting pretty close to the high end of that range. What are the chances of perhaps an upsize to that $800 million to $1 billion target for 2016?
Terry Lillis: This is Terry. $800 million to $1 billion is what you mentioned. We look at this as a balanced approach of capital deployment to our long term shareholders' strategy and value. Most of our businesses like we talked about in the past are fee-based businesses which generates a lot more of that capital earnings that are available. As you look at that $800 million to $1 billion, we've already made a pretty good dent in it already in terms of capital that we've deployed in the first half of the year as well as we've committed to. We announced our increase in the third quarter dividend up to $0.41. We're pleased with that. We're progressing towards that 40% payout ratio. We're continuing to move towards that. Acquisitions, we put more into the boutique strategy which is part of our long term strategy, buying part of additional shares of Finisterre origin, CCI as well as Claritas. That's a good, consistent process that we've been having in place for a long time. The share buyback program, you're aware that we had a $400 million authorization in February. We're executing on that, as I stated in the comments that we've executed. We still have $250 million of authorization going forward. So far what we've deployed and committed is over $600 million so far. Now, we have options for the rest of the year. Hopefully we'll pay out a dividend in the fourth quarter which we assume will happen and M&A activity, we're always looking for options and opportunities there. Share buybacks, as I mentioned just a few moments ago, $250 million of that authorization. With the low interest rate environment right now, Suneet, there's some opportunities. There's some opportunities to actually execute on some of our debt maturities that we have coming up. We have, in 2017, we have $300 million and that's at a 1.8% coupon. 2019 we have a $350 million which is at a high 8 7/8% coupon. We have an opportunity to actually execute on that, enhance the overall return to the organization and reduce our leverage ratio. Right now we're under 24%. We're marching towards 20%, so we have options. Now, are we going to exceed that $1 billion? I can't say at this point in time, because as I mentioned, share buybacks and some of those upper opportunities will continue to unfold as the year goes on. But if you look back to last year, if you look back to 2015, we said that $800 million to $1 billion and we were a little bit over that, $1.07 billion which was about 90% of our net income. We're continuing to deploy capital in what we believe is a balanced approach to enhance the long term shareholder value. So stay tuned.
Suneet Kamath: I had one other one for Dan if I could. On the DOL, on prior calls we've talked about maybe one of the benefits of the DOL is that you'd retain more assets perhaps in the FSA accounts, just on lower rollover activity. As I've been thinking about that, given the high level of retention that you have on rollovers and into Principal product and my view that maybe the margins in those products that the assets are rolled into are higher than FSA, I'm trying to figure out, when we net it all together, if that ends up being a positive thing from a margin perspective or if it actually kind of works against you a little bit.
Dan Houston: No, I actually think it's a plus. I mean, at the end of the day we're here to serve the needs of the customers. These participants have long term needs, in large part how to convert these lump sums into lifetime income. It's frankly one of the reasons why I like this diversified model that we have. Whether it's purchasing an income annuity, whether it's having some sort of drawdown strategy, whether it's investing in an asset allocation strategy that allows for income and retirement or whether or not they want to purchase CDs from the bank, there's so many different -- so much optionality for a retiree and benefit event. Will there be a longer disclosure process at benefit event?  Yes. Will we be able to operate very much like we have in the past? I think so, with the appropriate amount of disclosure and we have really competitive products. Whether the money stays in the plan or goes into one of the rollover products, I feel very optimistic about our ability to maintain and perhaps enhance margins in the post DOL regulatory environment. Appreciate your question. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Dan Houston: Again, thanks for joining us this morning. We feel good about the quarter. It was a very strong quarter. We think that the diversified and integrated business model is the right model for Principal against fee and spread and the risk businesses. We're going to continue to enforce a disciplined approach to expense management. It served us well in the past. It will continue to do in the future. As Terry was talking there, we're going to take this very long term, balanced approach to capital deployment. Whether it's through acquisition, investing in our organic growth, paying down debt, dividends, et cetera, but again, those are heavily vetted. They're thought through. We discuss them with the Board at length. Again, we're doing the best job we can to support the interest of the long term shareholder. With that, have a great day. Hopefully we'll see you in Tokyo, New York or somewhere else on the road. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 PM Eastern time until end of day August 5th, 2016. 43255452 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's first quarter conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor Provision, CEO, Dan Houston, and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks, then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement and Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valds, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll provide some high-level comments on the quarter. I'll also then give an update on how we continue to execute on our strategy, with a focus on long-term growth and generating value for our shareholders. I'll also provide some color on the Department of Labor's final fiduciary regulation, and the opportunities and the impact on our business. I'll then turn the call over to Terry, who will provide additional details on financial results. As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are available on our website. The key themes are outlined on slide four. Principal had a solid start to the year, as we continue to focus on meeting the needs of our customers. Our first quarter results were impacted by volatile equity markets, low-interest rates and unfavorable currency exchange. Once again, our diversified business model, by product offering, by geography, and by asset class, helped stabilize earnings and grow assets under management. Despite challenging operating conditions on a trailing 12-month basis, we generated $1.2 billion of after-tax operating earnings and increased assets under management to a record $548 billion. These results demonstrate our ability to focus on the things within our control, like delivering outcomes-based solutions to customers around the world, and maintaining industry-leading margins in a competitive environment. Importantly, the fundamentals of the business remain strong. As slide five shows, more than 90% of our investment options were in the top two Morningstar quartiles, on a three year and five year basis. Additionally, we received several third-party recognitions for performance in the first quarter, as shown on slide six. Barron's Magazine recognized Principal as the sixth best mutual fund manager, based on a five-year period, and as a top five municipal manager. CIMB-Principal won the award for the best Asia Pacific Equity Fund at the 2016 Morningstar awards, and won six 2016 Edge-Lipper Fund awards, including Best Overall Group. Hong Kong was awarded the MPF Scheme of the Year, in 2016 MPF awards. Mexico was awarded the Best Balance Fund, in 2015, by Morningstar. Outstanding investment performance, coupled with our broad multi-channel distribution network, enabled us to generate more than $3 billion in total company net cash flows for the quarter, and $17 billion on a trailing 12-month basis, while many in the industry experienced outflows. The Retirement and Income Solutions fee business had $3 billion of quarterly net cash flows, due to strong sales and planned level retention in the quarter. Principal Global Investors had a single large, passively-managed currency overlay mandate lapse in the first quarter. Equity and fixed-income net cash flows were $3 billion in total, as our distinctive active strategies and outcome-based solutions continue to resonate with investors. And Principal International had its 30th consecutive quarter of positive reported net cash flows. Next, I'll provide some examples of how we continue to strengthen our competitive position. I'll start with a comment on our global brand launch, followed by ways we're enhancing our solution set, expanding distribution, and improving customer outcomes. One of the more notable achievements for the quarter was the roll-out of our refreshed global brand. Our new brand better represents how we help people in all life stages achieve financial success. The brand underscores our commitment to the underserved markets, including small and medium sized businesses in the U.S., and emerging markets with growing middle class populations in Latin America and Asia, and it reflects our intensified focus on making it easier for everyone, individuals, business owners, advisors, and institutional clients to do business with us. In March, we planted another important seed in Asia. We signed a memorandum of understanding with China Construction Bank, the second largest bank in the world, to develop a new asset management and pension partnership. Principal and China Construction Bank jointly created CCB Principal Asset Management Company in 2005, and it has become a leading fund management company in China. This new agreement enhances our existing long-term successful relationship and is a key to creating future opportunities for Principal to participate in the significant pension and asset management opportunities in China. Also in the quarter, we purchased the remaining stake in Claritas. With the leading asset manager in Brazil, we are well-positioned to capture the growing opportunity as investors seek to diversify their portfolio by geography and asset class. Claritas also provides a mutual fund distribution platform in Brazil for several funds managed by Principal Global Investors, further expanding the synergies of our business. Despite political and economic volatility, Brazil continues to generate positive cash flows and remains a very important market for us with excellent long-term growth opportunities. Moving to our solution set, we further expanded our investment and distribution platform in the first quarter, launching two new ETF's, the Price Setters Index ETF and the Shareholder Yield Index ETF. Our Target Date Collective Investment Trust, or CITs, are gaining significant traction in the retirement space, including the defined contribution investment only channel due to strong investment performance. At the end of the first quarter, eight out of 12 of the funds in our Target Date CIT series were in the top decile on a three-year and five-year basis. The demand for our Target Date investment options remain high among retirement plan clients, as we provide broad, diversified choices with our multi-manager options, including both active and passive strategies. In addition to expanding our investment platform, we continue to invest in innovative customer solutions to drive further growth. Following are examples of recent initiatives to help people get on the path to financial security and improve customer outcomes. We recently launched Principal Pension Builder, which gives participants the opportunity to purchase an in-plan annuity, giving them easy access to guaranteed income through their retirement. We continue our efforts to aggressively promote PlanWorks, our suite of best-in-class plan designs that include features like automatic enrollment and automatic deferral increases. These plan designs are resulting in higher participation and higher savings rates versus traditional opt-in plan designs. Additionally, we recently introduced My Virtual Coach, which is driving outcomes, as well. This innovative, virtual assisted, interactive enrollment and education tool makes it easier than ever for 401(k) plan participants to save for retirement and appeals to a new generation of investors. On the protection side, we're also using technology to improve the customer experience when buying life and disability insurance. Recently we launched the first phase of a digital sales solution for these products on principal.com. The solution delivers tools to help potential customers assess their coverage needs, get a price quote, and obtain assistance to complete the process. Turning to slide seven, I'll close with comments on the final fiduciary rule released by the Department of Labor on April 6. Though we're still thoroughly reviewing the nearly 1000 page document, I have some overall comments to make. As we've said before, we remain concerned that some individuals will receive less help in the future than they do today. That said, we remain hopeful we can work with the Department of Labor towards the end goal of helping Americans adequately prepare for retirement. Implementation is clearly top of mind, and we continue to work with the industry and distribution firms to clarify this complex rule and design responsive business models to serve clients, regardless of size. There will certainly be transition cost and higher ongoing compliance cost, but we don't expect a significant increase in our run rate expenses. Importantly, based on our review of the final rule, we'll still be able to help small businesses with their retirement plans and our affiliated distribution channels will still be able to sell proprietary products. We'll continue to lead the industry by creating sustainable solutions that meet the needs of the market by managing assets appropriate for retirement and other long-term strategies and by providing a diversified portfolio of in-plan offerings and systematic withdrawal solutions. Despite the challenges, we believe we'll continue to gain market share as distribution firms potentially limit who they work with to a smaller number of providers that can help them manage and comply with the revised rules. We'll also gain market share as we accelerate growth of our defined contribution investment-only business and experience higher retention rates of retirees. In closing, I remain optimistic about the remainder of 2016 and beyond. The fundamentals of the business are strong and we'll continue to strengthen our competitive position, despite an operating environment that remains challenging. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income, including performance of the investment portfolio, and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. As Dan said, we viewed first quarter results as a solid start to 2016. Despite ongoing macroeconomic volatility, we see the strength of the underlying fundamentals of our business and signs that some headwinds experienced for some time might be weakening. Total company after-tax operating earnings for the first quarter were $286 million, a 12% decline versus the year-ago quarter, reflecting a continued volatile operating environment. An important proxy for our fee revenue is the S&P 500 daily average, which was down approximately 5% compared to both the first and fourth quarters of 2015. This negatively impacted the daily average revenue from our fee businesses, the primary driver of earnings. This is the first time since third quarter of 2009 that the S&P 500 daily average declined compared to the prior-year period. Additionally, foreign currency translation negatively impacted current quarter earnings, compared to the prior year quarter. Operating earnings are translated using the average currency exchange rates; however, for the first time since second quarter 2014, the U.S. dollar spot rate weakened versus all three of our Latin American currencies during the quarter. This was a benefit to assets under management, as foreign exchange for assets under management is translated on a spot rate basis. Over the long-term, we continued to align revenue and expense growth to strike the right balance of growth and profitability. Expense initiatives started in the first quarter, will benefit earnings in the second half of the year and beyond. As shown on slide eight, reported earnings per share were $0.97 for first quarter 2016, an 8% decline compared to the normalized year-ago quarter, reflecting the impact of the exchange rate and volatile equity markets. At the end of the first quarter, return-on-equity excluding AOCI, other than foreign currency translation adjustment was 13.4%. The 160 basis point decline from first quarter 2015 is predominantly due to the relative strengthening of the U.S. dollar and lower prepayment fees. Now, I'll discuss business unit results, starting on slide nine with retirement income solutions, or RIS Fee businesses. First quarter pre-tax operating earnings of $114 million were down 17% from the normalized year-ago quarter. Quarterly net revenue decreased 6% from the prior year normalized quarter, driven by unfavorable equity market conditions. On a reported basis, trailing 12-month pre-tax return on net revenue was 30%. After normalizing for the third quarter 2015 actuarial assumption review, pre-tax return on net revenue was 32%. Given normal market conditions, we are confident our industry-leading margin will continue to be within our previously stated range of 28% to 32% throughout 2016. RIS Fee had strong net cash flow of $3 billion in the first quarter. For full year 2016, we still expect net cash flows to be in our stated 1% to 3% range as we continue to strike the right balance of growth and profitability. The balance of strong sales and retention, combined with expected equity market returns and continued expense alignment, should drive a stronger finish to 2016. Turning to slide 10, RIS Spread quarterly pre-tax operating earnings were $67 million, a 10% increase over the year-ago quarter. The rise in earnings, which is in-line with the 10% growth in the RIS Spread average account values, was driven by strong sales of all Spread products. On a trailing 12-month basis, the normalized pre-tax return on net revenue was 55%, and within our guided range. RIS Spread continues to perform well, as the market volatility has created opportunities, as clients welcome guaranteed solutions, even in the low-interest rate environment. The pipeline remains strong, and we continue to approach the pension closeout and investment-only businesses opportunistically. Turning to slide 11. Principal Global Investors reported pre-tax operating earnings of $80 million in the first quarter. Compared to the prior year quarter, earnings were negatively impacted by volatile market performance, as well as lower performance and transaction fees in first quarter 2016. The low performance and transaction fees in the first quarter were a result of timing differences, as we see good visibility for more normal levels in the remainder of 2016. While these performance and transactions fees fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, the best measure of our ongoing development in asset management is management fees. These increased slightly from a year-ago quarter, and increased more than 6% on a trailing 12-month basis, in-spite of the severe industry headwinds. On a trailing 12-month basis, the pre-tax return on adjusted revenue was 33%, and within our expected range. Quarterly net cash flows were a positive $700 million, despite the lapse of a $3.3 billion passively-managed, low-fee currency overlay mandate. The new business pipeline remains strong. Slide 12 shows quarterly pre-tax operating earnings for Principal International of $68 million. On a constant currency basis and adjusting for encaje performance, Principal International continues to have mid-teens growth in operating earnings. First quarter 2016 encaje performance was $4 million pre-tax lower than expected, while the year-ago quarter benefited $5 million pre-tax from better than expected encaje performance. We're continuing to build traction in China. Quarterly pre-tax operating earnings in China more than tripled over the prior-year quarter, providing further diversification within Principal International. We continue to work with our joint venture partner, China Construction Bank, to develop a diversified product portfolio and provide investment solutions for long-term savings. Compared to the prior-year quarter, the strengthening U.S. dollar suppressed Principal International pre-tax operating earnings by $16 million. Over the trailing 12-months, foreign exchange has reduced Principal International assets under management by $9 billion. However, strengthening Latin American currencies in the latter part of the first quarter 2016 had a favorable $8 billion impact on assets under management in the quarter. If sustained, this improved exchange rate could provide a tailwind to next quarter's operating earnings. Moving to slide 13. Specialty Benefits quarterly pre-tax operating earnings were $39 million. First quarter 2015 was positively impacted by the recovery of reinsurance premiums, partially offset by higher expenses. After normalizing prior-year results, pre-tax operating earnings decreased 5%. Growth in the block of business was offset by higher individual disability claims compared to the prior period, which can be volatile in any one quarter. The overall loss ratio for the first quarter was within the targeted range. The underlying fundamentals of the business remain strong, with record sales and retention, and normalized premium and fee growth of 8%, as well as double-digit increase in trailing 12-month pre-tax operating earnings. As a reminder, Specialty Benefits operating earnings are seasonally impacted by higher first quarter dental and vision claims, and higher first quarter non-deferred sales-related expenses. Typically, distribution of annual earnings in this business is 20% in the first quarter, 25% in the second and third quarters, and 30% in the fourth quarter. As shown on slide 14, individual life pre-tax operating earnings were $42 million for the quarter. An increase of 19% from the prior-year period. This was a strong result, leading to pre-tax margin of 16%, which is at the higher end of our range. Results of this quarter were driven by higher interest margins, as well as favorable mortality on a growing block of business. Business market sales remained strong at 56% of total sales in the first quarter. Corporate pre-tax operating losses of $53 million were lower than expected, due to timing of some of our funded initiatives. We anticipate full-year 2016 corporate pre-tax operating losses to be at the lower end of our previously announced range of $235 million to $265 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $368 million, including net-realized capital gains of $82 million. Lower interest rates led to gains of $112 million in our derivative portfolio, partially offset by $30 million of credit-related losses. Our investment portfolio continues to perform in-line with expectations, as credit stress was isolated to the energy and basic industry sectors. We remain confident in our diversified, high-quality investment portfolio. Again, due to our disciplined asset liability management, we're not forced sellers in stressed times. As outlined on slide 15, we continue to target $800 million to $1 billion of capital deployment in 2016. In first quarter 2016, we paid a $0.38 common stock dividend. A strong dividend yield in the current low-interest rate environment. Last night, we announced an increase in our common stock dividend to $0.39 per share, payable in the second quarter, as we continue to increase our dividend payout ratio. In addition, we repurchased $86 million worth of common stock in the first quarter, completing the remainder of our 2015 authorization. In February, our board of directors authorized an additional $400 million share repurchase program. $389 million of that authorization remained outstanding at the end of the first quarter. We continue to have a balanced approach to capital deployment, and consider all options, including dividends, acquisitions, share repurchase, and reducing our leverage ratio. In the current environment, we view share repurchase as an effective way to increase long-term value for shareholders. Despite the volatile operating environment, the fundamentals of our business remain strong, and we will continue to focus on things within our control to drive growth and profitability for the long term. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik J. Bass: Hi. Thank you. Jim, I was wondering if you could talk about the factors that pressured PGI margins this quarter? I know there are a couple of timing items on fees and other things. And what your outlook is, going forward? And how you think about balancing margins with investing for growth, particularly if markets remain choppy?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Hi, good morning, Erik. This is Dan. Thanks for the question. And you're right, let's get right to it and have Jim delve into some of those details. Jim?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yeah, thank you, Erik. You all have seen from page three of the supplement that management fee revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, we show that in this thing called other revenue. The two biggest parts of other revenue are borrower fees on commercial mortgage origination and incentive fees on various strategies from hedge funds to real estate funds to various institutional accounts that have an incentive fee. So those are shown in other revenues. And you'll see, if you look back at the trailing 12-months, that's been typically, give or take, 20% to 25% of our total revenues at PGI. It's been pretty steady. What's happened during the first quarter is that borrowers on commercial mortgages delayed closing because of market instability, and it so happened  this is partly random, actually, that the incentive fees were actually basically zero in the first quarter. Now the incentive fees can be on a one-year cycle, a three-year cycle, or be dependent on the realization of the underlying asset. Those are really the three ways they tend to operate. And most quarters we get some, they're as you know, back-end loaded to the fourth quarter, which is partly why we show trailing 12-months in the supplement. But this preamble is really a build up to a couple of numbers I can give you, if I can identify them here in my notes. If you look at the quarter, the year-ago quarter, just for example, was a typical 20% other-revenue quarter. We had $264.2 million of management fees and $64.7 million of other revenue. The quarter just ended that we're reporting on had $265.4 million of management fees, so actually up slightly on the year-ago quarter, but only $44.2 million of other revenue, as all the phenomenon I mentioned were slowing client activities. We have done a pretty thorough bottom-up analysis of what other revenues will look like during the rest of the year. And we are basically anticipating that the year will be much more typical over the last two years or three years, and that really what has happened is a little bit random, but more important, the client activities will pick up again. So we remain pretty perky about what the year as a whole will look like.
Erik J. Bass: Thank you. That's helpful. And then, so I guess two things. So it sounds like you're still comfortable with what your margin targets that you've laid out for the full year. And then secondly, just on the thoughts around balancing investment for growth, with maintaining margins in the short-term?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yeah thank you, Erik. Yeah, absolutely. The slight depression of margins taking the first quarter on its own was simply due to a relatively low, an anomalously low revenues for the reasons I described. We're pretty confident that the 33% to 36% range that we mentioned for return on net revenue in the guidance call in December, that remains a pretty good guide to how we'll look for the year on all current indications. In terms of investment for growth, as you know, we're one of the few global asset managers who's actually growing revenues at the moment. There's a lot of rather vicious industry headwinds. The volumes in new business we're taking on are definitely leading to elevated costs, both the costs of taking the business on in terms of commission and set-up expenses, but also developing our sales force and our ability to serve clients, whether it's new share classes in mutual funds or new offices internationally, those are all expansionary things we're doing, but they're all costing money. And that's why 33% to 36% remains our guideline, not higher. There are asset managers with higher margins, there's a few, but they are mostly firms who are not growing, or even in some cases shrinking. I would rather have our balance. But I hope that answers the question, Erik.
Operator: Your next question -
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Thanks, Jim. And, Erik, just one other comment I'll make relative to PGI, that gives me a lot of confidence about, Jim's recovering on the revenue line there, we still have very strong investment performance. Those three-year and five-year numbers are very strong, and if you look across the asset classes, again, whether it's fixed income, alternatives, real estate or equities, very strong performance in each one of those. And very broad distribution, both proprietary distribution, as well as third-party distribution. So a lot of very positive momentum behind Principal Global Investors to work with the rest of the organization. With that, we'll take the next question, operator.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess I have, also, an expense question, but more for the overall company. It seemed like you held down expenses pretty well in the first quarter, in a tough revenue environment. Can you talk a little bit about expectations for the rest of the year? And if you've been doing anything specific to cut back on expenses, given the choppiness out there?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, Ryan, I think what we want to do is be very smart about how we manage our expenses relative to our ability to increase revenues, do away with products and services customers are no longer willing to pay for. And then also ensure that we're making those proper investments, as Jim was describing, with that as a backdrop, I'll have Terry add some additional detail.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, thanks, Ryan for the question. As we talked about in the past, we look at the relationship between our growth in our revenue and our growth in our expenses. We've always tried to have this 1% to 2% differential, i.e. the revenue growing faster than expenses. But when you look back to 2014 as part of the trailing 12-months, and as always, we try to look at it over a longer period of time because of some volatility that could occur in any one particular period. 2014 was a pretty tough comparison because of the strong revenue growth, as well as the expenses that we had. So, looking at it in terms of more of a sequential basis, you've seen a pretty significant reduction in our expense growth from fourth quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2016. It's down approximately 5% or $44 million. Now, we think that as you go forward, we're going to continue to align our expenses and revenue. And as Jim talked about, his look into the future of PGI, we also look across all of our organizations, and we feel more comfortable about the growth rate for the entire year. If you look at 2016, compared to 2015, we'll see that 1% differential in our revenue growth. We think that 2015 is probably a more comparable year, and if you look at expenses in the first quarter of 2016, I'd say that that's probably more comparable to what you'll see in the rest of the year than what we saw in the fourth quarter this (sic) [last] (31:36) year. So, again, we look at the growth rate of expenses and try to make sure that we get that good comparison with the growth rate of revenues. And any one particular quarter, it is tough to do. As you saw in the first quarter, a significant decline in the equity markets having an impact on our revenue, on a short-term basis. Our expenses will catch up with that for the rest of the year. I hope that helps.
Ryan Krueger: That's helpful. So the best way to think about it is, based on what you can control, you'll ratchet up and down the expenses, and try to be within 1% or 2% of revenue. And that's your expectation for this year, is that the right way to think about it?
Terrance J. Lillis: Exactly. That's the way we've looked at it in the past, and that's the way we'll continue to look at it in the future.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz: Good morning, everybody. A couple on the DOL. First, could you discuss maybe affiliated distribution? How their payments might change under the final rule, from what currently exists?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, be happy to do that. And I got to tell you, Steven, I just want to make a couple more comments on DOL more broadly, just to set the tone, in addition to my earlier prepared comments. We just can't, as a country, lose the fact that we've amassed $15 trillion in roll-over IRA's, 401(k)s. Another $7 trillion in defined benefit. There's $22 trillion in this country, which arguably would make it the most successful retirement system anywhere in the world. Secondly, the DOL, I believe their intentions are good. When I think about the intent of the law, it's to protect the interest of the U.S. retirement savers. It's about creating transparency around cost and benefits and value. It's also about making sure we have access to the competitive marketplace. There are some unintended consequences, and it's what Deanna will respond to in just a minute, relative to working with advisors. There's a view that the robo-solution solves all problems for small account balance holders. That's just not the case. And so, we have some more work to do there. The second is, we want to make sure that we're not creating barriers that reduce the number of advisors that have in the past, and will in the future, provide important education to individuals and to savers. And then, we also want to make sure that we don't limit the number of individualized solutions that we can present to planned participants. They're very dependent on that enroller, if you will. So with that as a backdrop, I'll ask Deanna to weigh in on the implications on Principal Advisor Network, and how we might have to do things slightly differently.
Steven D. Schwartz: Dan, thank you.
Deanna D. Strable-Soethout: Yeah, thanks. Just a couple of comments. And first of all, I want to put into kind of context, the impact on our affiliated distribution. And so, first, I think it's important to point out that our advisors sell and service across the entire range of product offerings, including many products within Principal that are not impacted by the DOL regulation. In fact, the majority of that system's revenue comes from transactions that aren't impacted by the proposal. Having said that, I think there's a couple of points that I think is important to keep in mind, as we think about even those products that do fall under the regulation. First of all, as Dan mentioned in his opening remarks, the final regs did allow for a path forward on proprietary products, and that applies to both funds within a retirement plan, as well as retail products sold at the time of either retirement or when participants change jobs. I think the other thing to keep in mind is, our affiliated advisors already today have choice. We have both proprietary and non-proprietary products and solutions. And our proprietary offerings will have to continue to compete on items such as investment performance and service, as they do today. So, we will have some business model changes for that channel. That'll come in the realm of compensation changes, like you mentioned, compliance. But I think we're very confident that our business model can adjust, and feel good about our ability to comply, as well as continue to stay focused on meeting the needs of those customers that we serve.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay. Deanna, if I remember correctly, the affiliated distribution does get paid more on proprietary. My understanding is that you could still do proprietary, but if you're going to use the BIC, that has to go away? Is that right?
Deanna D. Strable-Soethout: Yeah, and those are things that we are looking at. In some of the places, we already have some comp leveling already in place, and other places, we will have to adjust. But I think it comes back to, our advisors already tried to do what's in the best interest of those clients. And, ultimately, we have great investment performance, we have great product features and good solutions, that we continue to feel that we'll have the ability to service our customers and sell both our products and the non-proprietary products within the platform, going forward.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, levelized commissions have been in place, Steven, for a long time. This is Dan. Levelized commissions have been in place for a long time. And I think it's only on the margin that we've had any additional sort of compensation, and that's going to be rationalized across the entire industry. And so, again, I don't see that as an impediment to the Principal Advisor Networks to continue going about doing what they do today, which is taking care of the customers and the participants.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay. And on the independent side of distribution, do you have distribution in which you will be considered the financial institution?
Daniel Joseph Houston: I think that is on a very limited basis. And the way I would describe that is, already within our call centers, we are providing information, we're providing some education, and we're not dispensing advice. As you know, our wholesalers work with independent third-party administrators. They work with wire houses, and all of our alliance partners to distribute our product. We don't sell these plans on a direct basis. It's the advisor who would be acting in the capacity of the fiduciary, in order to help them pick and choose the investments in these plans, so... Go ahead.
Steven D. Schwartz: Well, Dan, that's what I'm asking. What I'm asking is, you have a situation over in West Des Moines here, where the insurance company deals with independent agents, and would be considered a financial institution, under the BIC. And the question is, how can they be the financial institution, have the liability, and still be able to manage independent people who are going to do what they're going to do?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. Good question. Let me add  Nora, is going to weigh in here and provide some additional color for you on that specific question.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah, Steven, that's not our model. They've got a different model than we have. And if you're talking about the retirement business that Dan was addressing.
Steven D. Schwartz: Yeah.
Nora Mary Everett: Our model, as Dan said, is we're going to  we'll have a wholesaler who is working with that independent advisor, but to that point, that independent advisor in their firm would take on the obligations under the new DOL rule.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay, All right, thank you. That's what I wanted to know, Nora. Thanks.
Daniel Joseph Houston: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it, Steven.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if, Dan, you had any update on the board's thoughts of the CFO search?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Sure. Sean, thanks for the question this morning. Terry's a tough guy to replace. We all know that. And we do have a search going on for both internal and external candidates. There is a, what I would consider to be a really good pool of candidates out there. We'll have a board meeting later in May, at which I'll provide an update to the board on progress that we're making towards that end. But Terry's committed to staying on board as long as it takes, in order to get the new person appropriately aligned and on board here at Principal. So, again, we feel very good about where we're at today in that search process.
Terrance J. Lillis: Sean, this is Terry. Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. You're a hard man to replace, Terry. Given the $400 million authorization you got during the quarter, and where your shares were trading, I'm just wondering why  or if you can share with us your thoughts on why you didn't put the, I guess, the pedal to the floor and buy more stock when it was down at those levels?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Well, the first thing I would say is you never know what level the stock is ever going to trade at. And so, again, we're very disciplined on how we go about executing on the share repurchase. Remember that we had an older share authorization that had been in place, which we completed, and so that was roughly $86 million --
Terrance J. Lillis: $75 million.
Daniel Joseph Houston: $75 million. And so good progress was made in closing out the previous authorization. We still have a lot of dry powder from here. But with that, I'll throw it over to Terry to add some additional color.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, Sean, as we looked at, and as we have looked at capital deployment, we've always looked at it in terms of a very balanced long-term view. We were looking for that  what will enhance the shareholders' value. Now, buying back shares is one of the options, but we look at all kinds of different things, in terms of to enhance shareholder value as well as distribute that value as it's created. If you look at over the last several years, you'd see we've done a pretty good job of balancing it between our organic growth and accusations in order to create shareholder value. And then increasing our dividend payout ratio as we just increased the dividend again as we march towards that 40% of net income. And then buybacks is just another part of the program here. And so we've talked about in 2016, $800 million to $1 billion. And we're on track to do that. And we think that, as you mentioned, though, that the share buyback program is a very important part of that so far. So through the first quarter we had $86 million. As of yesterday, we added another $26 million in the program. So we're over $100 million now. We're looking at it over the long term. We do have a program that gets accelerated as the share price goes lower. Hopefully, we won't have to worry about that in the near future. But as we look into the second half of the year, we've got options. We've got opportunities to continue to pay out our dividend and increase it towards that 40% payout ratio. We're also looking at acquisition activity for the remainder of the year. And as we've talked about in the past, we've looked at increasing our share of some PGI boutiques, and so we'll look at that as well. We'll also think about the share buyback, so as I mentioned, we've continued to build that out, and so we've got over $360 million yet in our authorization. So that is a very integral part of the share buyback  excuse me  of capital deployment strategy in this environment. And then, we're also going to continue to look at opportunities to change our capital structure and reduce our debt leverage because we do have some high-coupon debt out there that we could, if the opportunity presents itself, use that for that. So we're going to continue very balanced, disciplined, long-term approach to our capital deployment strategy, and I think we're well on our way to distributing that $800 million to $1 billion. Hope that helps. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Yeah, thanks, Terry.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to go to the FSA business. You talked about hitting the 1% to 3% beginning of period, in terms of sales or blows in (44:40). I think in that commentary, there was some talk about balancing growth and discipline. So can you just give some color on what you're seeing in the pricing market in the 401(k) business?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Suneet. Appreciate that. I'll make a couple of comments and throw it over to Nora. Clearly, there is a lot of questions being asked today in the qualified retirement plan market, with all of the DOL overhang, that's starting to consume, I think, a lot of people's time as they advise their clients on what's transpiring. Because this, as you know, has hit mainstream media in terms of the issues. We did an outstanding job in the current quarter retaining clients. We did a nice job acquiring clients. Strong investment performance certainly helped contribute to that success. Having said that, again, net cash flow was healthy for us, but these are things that are a little bit lumpy. And I'll have Nora kind of weigh in now and talk about some of that lumpiness and her views broadly on the FSA line.
Nora Mary Everett: Sure, thanks, Suneet. Good question. We certainly believe we're striking the right balance, and we think we have the proof points for it. With the kind of plan retention we're seeing, with the kind of sales we're seeing, we're always looking at  obviously, we've got a competitive market we're dealing in. But one of the things that we're seeing is, in particular in that small-to-medium, that core segment of our market, we're seeing just a tremendous opportunity for us as we move in that space. And what we've seen is, as we look at that growth both in our sales and retention that that's the piece of it that is really outperforming for us. The lumpiness that we talk about or the volatility we talk about comes when one or two larger cases, so you think in terms of $500 million, or north of $500 million. Now, oftentimes when we talk about the discipline between growth and profitability, it's with those larger cases and making a decision that we're not willing to race to the bottom on pricing. So that's the kind of lumpiness you'll see, and that's why we'll have quarters like we had this quarter with a $3 billion really outstanding net cash flow, but we don't want to get over our skis extrapolating that because we will have one or two large plan decisions over the year that will move that number, which is why we continue to reaffirm the guidance that if we look at a full year rather than quarter-to-quarter, if we look at a full year, we're confident, given what we see today, that we're going to be well within that 1% to 3% of beginning of year account value. But the caveat that we always throw out is because our core business is small and medium businesses, when you have one or two of those larger cases moving in or out, that can swing the numbers, which is why we tend to look full year rather than quarter-to-quarter.
Suneet L. Kamath: That makes sense. But just to come back to the large account side, can you just give some quantum, in terms of how much pricing has changed, maybe year-over-year, in that large case market? Acknowledging that that's opportunistic for you?
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah. It some  there hasn't been in, from what we see it's not a year-over-year comparison. That large-case market has been extremely competitive for many, many years. And where we compete in that large-case market is one, investment performance, and Dan and Jim have talked about that, especially in that key asset class of Target Date. We have a tremendous amount of choice there, we've got extremely strong investment performance. So we compete in that space very well with regard to that suite, those key asset classes. In addition, on the service side, because of our scale, we're able to move up and down, whether it's a small business, a medium business, or a large business. And we've scaled our service platform to the point where that is seamless for us. So we compete very well in that space, both on the investment side and the service side, but, again, we're going to always be disciplined around this growth and profitability axis.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Suneet, this is Dan. Just a couple of comments. The TRS, the total retirement suite still is a very, very powerful tool for the Principal that can differentiate value from pure 401(k) players. And so that again is a differentiator  frozen defined benefits, deferred compensation, ESOP had a nice quarter here. So that is a nice differentiator. The other point I'd make is, because it was this generalization of large-case pricing, there are so many components that go into the pricing of a large plan. How many payroll centers, what is the current penetration rate relative to participant involvement, what is the customized communications package. All of those variables go into it. So when we lose a plan or win a plan, it's because we've done the homework behind the scenes to understand exactly what kind of resources are going to have to be deployed against that plan. So that's why at any given time you could lose a plan or win a plan. But, again, we like the model that we have. We think it resonates in the marketplace, and our retention rates would imply that those large plans appreciate it. Hopefully that helps.
Suneet L. Kamath: No, it definitely does. One last quick one  or maybe not so quick. But as we think about the DOL, I think we all know there's been some fee pressure in the 401(k) business just for years. But do we think, or should we think, that the DOL rule could accelerate some of that pressure?
Terrance J. Lillis: I don't  well, I think, as you pointed out very appropriately. And frankly, it's not limited to just this industry, it's all industries, where there's constant pressure. It's one of the advantages for being a leader in an industry, having critical mass and scale and capability, and having great partners out there. I would not anticipate there to be any pressure coming off fee structures because of DOL. Could it cause some additional discussion? It should, because it's really around transparency and making sure that people understand what they're paying and what they're getting for their money. So, again, I think on a marginal basis, I think we'll continue to have a lot of dialogue around cost and pricing. And Nora wanted to make one more comment here.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah, Suneet, I think the one phenomenon that we expect is that when you look at the complexity of this reg, when you look at compliance cost, you really need to be a player that's at scale. You need to be a player that can come to the market, not just at scale, but with the kind of expertise to deal with this ERISA fiduciary duty. And when you think about that, the logical conclusion is you're going to have subscale players or folks that don't have this as their core business, having a moment in time here where they may be moving out of the market. So we see it as an opportunity around consolidation. And I think that goes back to your question about pricing. I think the irony here is that those of us who are at scale that have the expertise are going to stay in the market, and I think there will be a number of players who will take this as their opportunity to exit the market.
Suneet L. Kamath: Got it. Thank you very much.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Suneet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel: Hi, good morning, everybody. I guess Dan, one maybe bigger picture question, as it relates to DOL. Do you think it has any impact on the pace of the rollover market?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Good question. So good morning, again, John, to you.
John M. Nadel: Good morning.
Daniel Joseph Houston: I think what it's going to cause is at the inflection point of a job changer or retiree. They're going to call into a call center like they always have, because that's the typical sort of process. And they're going to be having a conversation with a person providing education and guidance. And they're going to disclose what the pricing is in the current plan structure, in a qualified retirement plan, and it could be a larger plan. And there's going to be a certain price. And they're also, as they always have in the past, disclosed to them that there are other options for them to consider. They could move that money to a rollover IRA with the Principal, or they could rollover that money to a third-party, and the names are common. You would know all of those. And the burden that now falls on the advisor is that the participant has a very clear understanding that they're moving from one product to another. And they have to look at it on a couple of different dimensions. One dimension, of course, is the investment lineup. Is it same or is it different? Another dimension is what's the underlying performance of those investment options? The third dimension is on the price. What am I paying, and what am I getting in exchange for that? And it doesn't have to be the same price, but there has to be a thorough understanding and explanation on why there is a difference for the price being paid. That action, unto itself, is going to take a longer conversation for fully vetting that opportunity. It ties back to my earlier statements that small account balance holders could find that there are fewer advisors willing to invest the time and the energy to vet every one of those situations. So I think there is a likelihood that 401(k) service providers could end up almost by default retaining maybe more of those smaller account balances after they've had that discussion with that phone counselor. I think on the larger account balances, there are advisors that are going to be spending the time to help vet the opportunity. And the last comment I would make is, remember, that we are a significant player in the rollover business for defined contribution, investment only, where Jim McCaughan's PGI investment products not only find themselves on the platform of many 401(k) chassis, but also they find themselves on rollover IRA chassis. And again, with strong performance and investment options that solve needs for long-term savers, I think that's a net plus. So, hopefully that's not too long-winded of an answer, John. Do you have a follow-up?
John M. Nadel: No, that's very helpful. I do have a follow-up, just on a separate topic. I appreciate, for sure, that Principal International continues to generate positive net flows now for 30 straight quarters. But in the last several quarters, those net flows have certainly declined. And I'm just curious, as you think about the outlook and some of the economic issues, particularly in a few of the Latin American countries, whether you think there's a chance that we could see that string of positive net flows actually come to an end here soon?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, again, I'll have Luis clean this up. We're benefited because we operate not only in Latin America, but we also operate in Asia, and we're leveraging much of what Tim or Jim brings, relative to institutional asset management to those PI countries. I'm also encouraged by some of the recovery that's happening in some of the countries like Brazil, where you see their equity markets in the first quarter recovering by almost 12%, or up 15%, and the currency has recovered by approximately 12%. So I think there are some signs that these emerging countries are going through the process. Although they still show negative GDP in some cases, there is some sign that there is new capital being infused in those countries, and things are bouncing back. But to your specific question on net cash flow, I'll defer to Luis to answer that.
Luis Valds: Okay. Thanks, Dan. John, this is a very good question. Let me tell you what is our view about this. It seems to me that we were able to solve the rock bottom cycle of the emerging markets, very much more around January. If you're looking at the equities index, FX, confidence indexes, and commodity prices, even interest rates are showing a much better picture for emerging markets today. Oil price is about $46, $48 today. Copper price is in $2.28. FX going in the right direction. So, what happened with our net customer cash flows? You could see our financial supplement, trailing 12-months, we are flying at $9.3 billion in trailing 12-months. We put in $900 million net customer cash flows in the first quarter. If you're looking at the train that we have had during 2015, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter, in the first part of the year, average per quarter, $2.5 billion, $3 billion in net customer cash flows. Average in the second part of the year, $1.5 billion, $1.8 billion, and then we had $1 billion. But if you're going into the first quarter, I would say that, January, February, March, they had a very positive, I would say, behavior. February was pretty much more flat. Better February and much better March. So I would say that the $900 million that we do have in the first quarter is not an indication of what is our real run rate that we are looking forward during 2016.
John M. Nadel: Okay. So  and I get that some of these markets have rebounded, and some of the commodity data points and a few other data points have certainly improved. And so, I would absolutely expect that we'd see investment performance pick up. I was more concerned about GDP and employment levels, as it relates to some of the net flows. But it sounds like you expect improvement there, too.
Luis Valds: That is correct, John. And, again, we have a much better kind of idea about what is going to happen. And, certainly, if you're looking, even unemployment levels, even in a country like Brazil, certainly the unemployment is kind of going a little bit up. But surely, Brazil, in particular, continues being very solid. The net customer cash flows out of Brazil was $1 billion in the first quarter. And trailing 12-months is $6 billion. And we certainly, for second quarter, as I've been saying, we have a much better idea about that those net customer cash flows are going to be very much more in line about what has been our run rate in the past.
John M. Nadel: Appreciate that.
Daniel Joseph Houston: John, one thing that gives me a little bit of comfort about the net cash flows in emerging markets is, they are still that. In the U.S., some of this negative cash flow pressure comes from paying out benefits. It's why we're in the business. And if you look at Latin America and Asia, they just don't have the same level of payouts occurring, as it relates to generating retirement income. So, we've got a lot of emerging markets, with a lot of upside for middle class growth in the accumulation phase here in the next decade or so. With that, we'll take the next question.
John M. Nadel: Yeah, that point is well-taken. Thanks, Dan.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kovac: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. One more on international here, actually. Looking at China, which was actually very strong growth in the quarter, on a flows basis and an operating income basis. How sustainable do you think that is, both in terms of, obviously, very rapid growth, but also in terms of the persistency of the assets that are coming in?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. That's a great question, and frankly, Mike, we're really enthusiastic about China. You heard our earlier comments around reaching an agreement with the memorandum of understanding with China Construction Bank for now 11 years. It's just been a terrific partner for Principal. We were over there recently, and celebrated our 10-year anniversary. It's important to recognize those sorts of milestones. And as you point out, the flows and the earnings are now starting to be generated after a long incubation period. But with that I'll ask Luis to make some additional comments.
Luis Valds: Yes, Mike, this is a pretty interesting question, as well. Net customer cash flows, as you could see in our supplement, we're reporting $17 billion just for China in the first quarter, trailing 12-months about $20 billion. So there has been a very impressive performance. I would say that we think that China is going to be very more much  its path and  it's going to be very much more in-line about what you can see in our trailing 12-month expectation, right? And what really happened in the first quarter of 2016. Having said that, we have been very focused on certain things like asset retention, about the products that we're putting ahead. And the thing that is important to keep in mind is that our joint venture has been perceived as a safe harbor in China. And also we have been perceived as a much more conservative asset manager and mutual fund company. So we have been benefit for the kind of noise in China, but certainly, we think that our run rate is going to be very much more in-line about the numbers that you could see in the trailing 12-months, right? And what really happened in the very last quarter in China.
Michael Kovac: Great. Thanks.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Is that helpful, Mike?
Michael Kovac: Yes, it is.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Okay, thank you for the call.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments, please.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thank you. I'd just like to say, thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Our growth opportunities remain strong and our strategies firmly in place. We'll continue to focus on managing our capital, we'll focus on the DOL implementation, we'll focus on running the businesses for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders, and certainly appreciate your commitment to continue to have confidence in the Principal Financial Group. Or I should say, The Principal. So, again, thank you for joining the call. We'll see you on the road.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, until the end of the day, May 6, 2016. The ID number to access the code for the replay is 83129743. The number to dial is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 for international callers. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. I'd like to remind you that all the results follow the new format we outlined on our November 6 investor event. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks, then we will open up the call for questions. Others available on the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement Income Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valds, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I'll now turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, John; and welcome to everyone on the call. Today I'll briefly comment on our financial results and certain accomplishments that position us for continued growth in 2016 and beyond. I'll turn the call over to Terry who will provide additional details on results. As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are available on our website. The key themes are outlined on slide four. I'd characterize 2015 as a good year. We delivered after-tax operating earnings of nearly $1.3 billion despite challenging conditions, such as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and underperformance of the U.S. equity markets. And we returned more than $700 million to shareholders in the form of common stock dividends and share repurchases. This demonstrates the benefit of our broad diversification by business, by geography, by investment platforms and by asset class. In 2015, Principal continued to build momentum through outstanding investment performance and expansion of distribution and our solutions based product set. Full year 2015 total company net cash flows of $23 billion were 4% of beginning of year assets under management. As we continue to attract and retain retail, retirement and institutional investors, this helped drive assets under management to $527 billion at year-end, despite a $28 billion drag from foreign exchange. As other major growth highlights for 2015, I'd point to Principal International's 29th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows with $9 billion of flows for the year, plus another $21 billion of positive flows from our joint venture with China Construction Bank. On a constant currency basis, Principal International grew reported assets under management by 20% in 2015; double-digit earnings growth for Principal Global Investors and nearly $16 billion in positive net cash flows; record earnings for Specialty Benefits on record sales and a 9% growth in premium and fees; continued traction delivering mutual funds, separately managed accounts and annuity-based income solutions; strong underlying growth in plans, participants and reoccurring deposits for our U.S. retirement businesses and strong Individual Life full-year results as claims returned to expected levels. As I said, outstanding investment performance continues to be a differentiator and is a foundation for future growth. For example, 44 of our rated mutual funds, or 76%, have a four-star or five-star Morningstar rating. Additionally, as slide five shows, 88%, 89% and 93% of our investment options were in the top two Morningstar quartiles on a one-year, three-year and five-year basis, respectively. And 100% of our target date funds remain in the top two quartiles across all time periods and year-end, driving sales and retention in this key asset class and enabling us to help more individuals achieve financial success. From the strong competitive position, we remain confident in our ability to drive growth in 2016 and beyond. Next I'll provide some examples of how we continue to execute on our strategy and further position ourselves for long-term growth. The U.S. remains the largest retirement market in the world and Principal has maintained its leadership position for decades through exceptional service, product innovation and strong multi-channel distribution. With the retail mutual funds business now reporting through Principal Global Investors, Full Service Accumulation is now the majority of Retirement and Income Solutions Fee or RIS Fee. To be clear, the underlying fundamentals of this business remain strong. We continue to grow plan count across plan sizes, adding nearly 1,300 net new plans in 2015 and we continue to be a leader in start-up plans as we focus on expanding employee coverage. The Principal's core target market of small-sized and medium-sized businesses is underserved, creating an ongoing opportunity for us to uniquely serve this market through our network of local offices and drive consistent growth in this segment. Full year reoccurring deposits grew $1.1 billion, up 7% versus 2014. These growth trends highlight the power of the payroll deduction component of this business. But, more importantly, the work we're doing to advocate best practice plan design with employers and advisers to increase participation in savings rates to better prepare their employees for retirement. Strong alliance firm relationships continue to be a key driver of sales for Retirement Income Solutions, Principal Global Investors, as well as U.S. Insurance Solutions. In 2015, seven different advisory firms sold more than $1 billion across our offerings, with those firms averaging more than six products per platform. In 2015 we continue to do business with more advisers and get our investments added to recommended lists, platforms and model portfolios. In 2015, we had good traction of plan sponsors adopting our retirement readiness plan design. The primary features of these plans are automatic enrollment and automatic savings rate increases. Additionally, we launched an innovative income option in the fourth quarter, which offers an in-plan guaranteed annuity to provide more income security for plan participants. While this business remains under pressure from volatile markets, we expect good growth in sales and flows in 2016 and getting meaningful growth in the pipeline. Two other points I'd like to emphasize, our U.S. retirement business continues to be one of the highest performing businesses in the industry and continues to create tremendous value for the enterprise overall. Slide six provides an update on fiduciary regulations. With the Department of Labor's fiduciary regulation advancing to the Office of Management and Budget last week, final regulations could be issued as early as March or April. The Principal remains fully engaged to help ensure the final regulations work in favor of individuals trying to save for retirement. We also remain focused on scenario planning and potential changes to business models with a particular focus on education and guidance, compliance and oversight, provision of investment information, distribution and asset retention. Absent clarity around the final rule, we're not providing a cost estimate at this time. But, based on what we know today, we do not expect a significant increase in our run rate expenses. The Principal has a long history of successfully adapting to complex regulations, our track record reflects the benefit of scale, products and service breadth and top tier investments; all critical to meeting the needs of the market and diverse adviser business models. As with prior regulatory developments, we're well positioned and confident we'll emerge among the winners. Despite volatility in emerging markets, Principal International continues to demonstrate that we're in the right target markets with marquee distribution partners. As an example, our long-term exclusive distribution partnership with Banco do Brasil, the largest bank in Latin America, provides our joint venture, Brasilprev, access to more than 61 million customers. Customers' confidence in Banco do Brasil and our tax-advantaged individual retirement products helped drive Brasilprev's full year net cash flows to $7 billion. This growth further strengthened Brasilprev's position as the number one private retirement provider in Brazil in terms of net cash flow and assets. Additionally, we continue to gain traction in the voluntary savings market. For example, on a constant currency basis with Chile, volunteer assets under management increased 17% and voluntary fee income increased 25% in 2015. We remain confident in the long-term growth opportunities of our international operations. Principal Global Investors, which now includes retail and institutional asset management, ended 2015 with $361 billion in assets under management. Institutional sales were strong in 2015 and the pipeline is robust. To counter the broader shift in demand to more passive or low-cost investment options, Principal Global Investors launched solutions in areas where demand for active strategies remained strong, including multiple new real estate offerings and fixed income strategies. We'll continue to add to our ETF suite in 2016 and beyond, as well as our portfolio of Income Solutions, which will include both funds and guaranteed income options. In December, the Principal earned the top spot in the category in Pension & Investments' (sic) [Pensions & Investments'] annual survey of Best Places to Work in Money Management for the fourth consecutive year. This award highlights the Principal's strong investment management culture and teams that successfully work to meet client needs every day, and position us to attract and retain top investment talent. Moving now to our insurance businesses, our focus on small and medium-sized business markets remain a key differentiator, and we continue to find ways to improve the customer experience. In 2015, we piloted our Easy Elect (11:06) group benefits enrollment tool in seven markets with meaningful improvement in voluntary participation, as we continue to help individuals understand the importance of protection to broader financial security. In closing, I'm optimistic about 2016 and our long-term future despite the continued global macroeconomic volatility. Strong business fundamentals and our ability to focus on things we can control will continue to drive momentum and generate long-term profitable growth. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter and full year, net income, including performance of the investment portfolio, and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. The fourth quarter was a solid end to a good year. On a reported basis, total company after-tax operating earnings were $303 million, a 6% decrease from the prior year period, reflecting macroeconomic volatility. On slide seven you'll see that fourth quarter 2015 earnings per share were $1.02 compared to a normalized fourth quarter 2014 earnings per share of $1.07, down 5%. However, on a constant currency basis, earnings per share increased 1% quarter-over-quarter. For full year 2015, reported total company after-tax earnings were nearly $1.3 billion, a 4% decrease from a record 2014. The lower reported earnings in 2015 were primarily driven by lower variable investment income and the impact from currency translation. Year-end 2015 return on equity, excluding AOCI other than the foreign currency translation adjustment, was 14.2%. The daily average change in equity markets is an important driver of the revenue for our fee businesses. In fourth quarter 2015, despite a 6.5% point-to-point increase in the S&P 500, the daily average change for the quarter was slightly higher than 1% compared to third quarter 2015. On a full-year basis, the S&P 500 daily average increased approximately 7% in 2015 compared to a 17.5% increase in 2014. As we look ahead to 2016, if the macroeconomic volatility continues as it has in January, we anticipate a slowdown in revenues in our fee-based businesses. Therefore, we'll focus on things we can control and continue to manage expenses to ensure revenue and expense are aligned. With that said, we will continue to make the necessary investments to keep our competitive edge and drive long-term shareholder value. The fundamentals of our business are strong, and our teams remain focused on execution regardless of the macroeconomic environment. Now I'll discuss business unit results, starting on slide eight with RIS Fee businesses. Fourth quarter pre-tax operating earnings of $125 million were down 10% from the year-ago quarter. Net revenue decreased 2% from the prior year quarter, primarily due to flat average account values and a decline in variable investment income. Full-year 2015 net revenue increased 1% over 2014. Net investment income decreased due to lower variable investment income in 2015 compared to the higher than expected levels in 2014. On a reported basis, trailing 12-month pre-tax return on net revenue was 31%. After normalizing for the third quarter actuarial assumption review, it was 34%. RIS Fee had net outflows of $1.6 billion in fourth quarter 2015, despite strong sales of $3.1 billion. Fourth quarter net cash flows reflect exit of a few large cases, due to M&A activity and continued pricing discipline, as well as the timing of funding for new sales. As a result, we anticipate strong net cash flows in first quarter 2016 and full year 2016 net cash flows to be 1% to 3% of beginning of period account values as we maintain our focus on balancing growth and profitability. Turning to slide nine, RIS Spread quarterly pre-tax operating earnings were $62 million, a 4% increase over the year-ago quarter, primarily due to growth in account values. On a trailing 12-month basis, pre-tax return on net revenue was 56%. The pension closeout business had record full-year sales of $1.8 billion, which are double 2014 sales. The pipeline remains strong and opportunities in 2016 look promising. Slide 10 shows Principal Global Investors' fourth quarter pre-tax operating earnings were $102 million, a 2% increase over the prior year quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted revenue increased 7% to $1.2 billion and pre-tax operating earnings grew 11% compared to the prior year period. Pre-tax return on adjusted revenue increased to 34%. Despite the industry's bias towards passive investment strategies, Principal Global Investors generated full-year net cash flows of nearly $16 billion, with $8 billion coming from institutional clients. This is a result of outstanding investment performance, and outcome-oriented solutions that are in demand. Additionally, full-year management fees increased 9% over 2014, above the 6% growth in average assets under management, demonstrating client preference for higher fee capabilities that, combined with increased scale, led to margin improvement. Slide 11 shows quarterly pre-tax operating earnings for Principal International of $67 million. On a constant currency basis, Principal International continues to drive mid-teen earnings growth. On a trailing 12-month basis, Principal International's pre-tax return on net revenue was 38% after normalizing for the third quarter 2015 impairment of intangible assets in Claritas. Moving to slide 12, Specialty Benefits' quarterly pre-tax operating earnings were $57 million, a 29% increase over the year-ago quarter. Fourth quarter premium and fees grew 8% compared to the prior year quarter, and the overall loss ratio remained favorable at 62%. These are very strong results, even in a seasonally high fourth quarter, due to our focus on the small-sized and medium-sized business market and disciplined profitable growth. As shown in slide 13, Individual Life pre-tax operating earnings were $30 million for the quarter. Despite the claims experience that was in line with expectation, this is at the low end of our expected range for the quarter, partially due to lower variable revenue. However, full-year pre-tax operating earnings growth was strong year-over-year. For the quarter, total company net income was $254 million, which includes realized capital losses of $48 million. After-tax net credit related losses of $5 million were slightly better than expected. The losses related to the hedging activities were predominantly due to interest rate and equity market changes. Full-year credit-related losses were $20 million, a 65% improvement over 2014 results. Unrealized gains were $1.9 billion, and the portfolio ended the year with a net gain of $1.1 billion. Our investment portfolio is high quality and diversified by industry, geography, property type and individual credit exposures. In addition, we have always had a disciplined approach to asset liability management, and therefore, we're not forced sellers during stressed times. At year-end 2015 our energy portfolio carrying value was 95% of par value. Our overall exposure to the energy sector represents 5.7% of our total fixed maturity portfolio and 4.2% of our total U.S. invested assets as of December 31, 2015. Our market value exposure in high-yield energy companies as of year-end 2015 was $280 million, or less than one half of 1% of total U.S. invested assets. Despite the continued market volatility in the beginning of 2016, we remain confident about the strength of our investment portfolio. As outlined on slide 14, our capital management strategy remains balanced and is focused on building long-term value for shareholders. Our fee-based businesses drove nearly 70% of 2015 normalized earnings, which generates higher levels of deployable capital and provides greater financial flexibility. In 2015, we deployed $1.1 billion of capital, which represented nearly 90% of net income. Our balanced capital deployment includes $441 million in common stock dividends, $355 million in strategic acquisitions, and $275 million in share repurchases. The full year common stock dividend was $1.50 per share. This is a 17% increase over full-year 2014 as we continue to increase our payout ratio. Additionally, last night we announced a $0.38 per share common stock dividend payable in first quarter 2016. While we continue to explore strategic acquisition opportunities, the current equity market volatility is also providing an opportunity to enhance shareholder value through execution of the remainder of our share buyback authorization. In 2016, we expect to deploy $800 million to $1 billion of capital in a strategic and balanced manner to enhance long-term value for shareholders. In closing, despite ongoing macroeconomic volatility, we remain confident that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The first question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz: Hey. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to follow up actually, Terry, on your last statement with regards to acquisitions. And maybe you can give us a sense of what the tone is out there. Obviously, your stock is cheaper. That's more attractive. On the other hand, public valuations are down, but then I wonder if private sellers look at those valuations and say, no way, and you're finding that they're pulling back.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, Steven, this is Dan. Thanks for the question this morning. And, of course, this has a lot to do with how we're going to deploy our capital for the best interest of our long-term shareholders. And with that maybe I'll ask Terry speak specifically to valuations on potential acquisitions.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Steven. As we talked about this before, we always look at it as a balanced approach to our capital deployment strategy to enhance long-term shareholder value. As we've stated before, we have more fee-based businesses. Predominantly pretty close to 70% of our earnings are coming from fee-based businesses, which is less capital-intensive. As a result of that, we have an opportunity to deploy more capital. And if you look at what we talked about historically, only about 35% of our capital's needed on organic basis, that leaving close to 65% available for other deployment opportunities. Now, that said, we think that we need to have a balanced approach. We are on track to increase our dividend as a percent of that total net income percentage, closer to 40% over the longer period here. But, as you look at share buybacks, and you look at M&A opportunities, the M&A opportunities are still very important to us. We want to have an active pipeline. We want to continue to look at that. But, as you say, with the valuations as low as they currently are, it makes sense for us to actually deploy capital in terms of buying back our shares, because we do believe that they're undervalued at this point in time. It's a very volatile market, so we have to have that disciplined approach. But, again, we're going to continue to look at capital deployment strategies, and we said $800 million to $1 billion this year. We expect to have a very balanced approach as we've done in the past. But, as you said, the opportunities right now are very enticing for the buyback program. We actually have $75 million of authorization that's outstanding at this point in time.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Steven, was that helpful?
Steven D. Schwartz: Yes, it was. Thank you, a little nuance there. And then just one more quick one, Terry, do you know what the unrealized losses on the energy BEIG (24:55) portfolio?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Maybe we'll have Tim Dunbar go ahead and take that, he's on the call as well, our Chief Investment Officer.
Timothy Mark Dunbar: Sure. So, Terry, I think mentioned that we had about $280 million of GAAP exposure in high-yield energy sector. And that's at about $0.70 on the dollar. So, our book carrying value would be around $400 million.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Eric Berg with Royal Bank of Canada.
Kenneth S. Lee: Hi. This is Kenneth Lee on for Eric Berg. Just had a quick question in terms of the PGI institutional flows. It looks like there was a bit of a slowdown in the fourth quarter. Just want to get a better sense of what you're seeing in terms of the various boutique managers in terms of their flows, whether there's a risk (25:49) emerging market debt or whatnot. Thanks.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, Kenneth. Thanks for the question. The one area that we look at that really had really strong results for the quarter clearly was around Principal Global Investors. I think about that in the context of Jim coalescing a mutual fund team along with the institutional team. When you look at the broader industry, we've seen actually a lot of declines, significant declines, negative net cash flow. So, frankly when we evaluate Principal Global Investors and Jim's leadership in this area, we think we've got a very strong result for the quarter and certainly for the year. But, Jim, uncertainly, you can add some color to that.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, I'd add a couple of things to that. The first is that the decline in net flows in the second half of the year was really around some of the large cap equity strategies, particularly at Columbus Circle and Principal Global Equities, where our clients have been looking at the passive alternative and going for lower fee capabilities. Now, as you saw from our flows, though, we more than replaced that with the higher added-value strategies that we really specialize in, which range through high yield, real estate, small cap, areas that are less efficient markets. But, net-net, it was a slightly down but still positive fourth quarter. And I'd emphasize that because many of our peer group are seeing negative flows. One area where the peer group's seeing negative flows is sovereigns, particularly central banks and sovereign wealth funds in Asia and the Middle East, which are obviously under severe financial pressure. We have some business in those areas, and we have not seen those outflows yet, because we are seeing much stronger investment performance, and we've tended to be among the managers that got retained. We're hopeful that'll continue, but obviously, there are no guarantees. If I look at the pipeline, which I think was partly where you were going, we have had a very active last two months, including over the holidays and in January. And that is unusual. Usually the institutional market globally quietens down during that period around the end and beginning of the year. But, we've seen quote activity and indeed funding looking really quite positive, and I have to say we're feeling pretty optimistic about the flow potential, and it's related to the investment performance that Dan and Terry both mentioned.
Kenneth S. Lee: Okay. Great. And just a quick follow-up, just to clarify, it sounds as if, because of the outflows in relatively low fee rate products and inflows in high fee rate products, that means like on a revenue-adjusted basis, it sounds like it's a lot more positive than the flows would suggest. Would that be a fair statement?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yeah. Yeah, I think that's right. And Terry identified some of the numbers that point to that. We're seeing  it's not universally so, but we're seeing moves towards some of our more high added-value strategies. And it is a very tough environment in terms of fee negotiation. We do not cut fees heavily because we are going to be eventually capacity-constrained a long way out and we need to get the business at attractive revenue rather than necessarily at all costs. We're much more driven by revenues than we are by AUM.
Kenneth S. Lee: Understood. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Kenneth, thanks for the question. Please give Eric our regards.
Kenneth S. Lee: Will do.
Operator: The next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron J. Kinar: Good morning, everybody. I'm a little confused and was hoping to get some clarification. Terry, you had talked about the point-to-point increase in the S&P this quarter really averaging, I think, less than 1%. But, the way I thought I understood it last quarter was that you had compared the point-to-point decrease in the S&P as opposed to the daily average change relative to expectations. So, was I not thinking about this correctly last quarter, or how should I think about it going forward in terms of the impact of the S&P to normalized earnings?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Hey, Yaron. Thanks for the question. And clearly the daily average is what ultimately drives the revenue, but I'll have Terry go ahead and add to that.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, you're absolutely right, Yaron. As you look at the impact on the fees that occur, it's really more the daily average asset (30:18). And we use that as a proxy for what the movements and the impact to our account values. So, you really look at the average account value from one period to the next period. Now, actual performance of those assets also come into play versus the proxy that we use. Last quarter we talked about a significant drop point-to-point in the S&P 500, that was down 6.7% third quarter over third quarter. That has an impact on the deferred acquisition costs and that's what we're referencing last quarter. Now, we have an expectation that you'll have anywhere from a 2% to 3% positive impact in that point-to-point time. So, if you look at that 2% to 3% versus, say, down nearly 7%, you're talking a 9% to 10% drop that impacts the deferred acquisition model. Now, you go forward to this quarter, now, the point-to-point was up 6.5%, as you pointed out. Now, that has an impact on the expenses, but the differential between what the expectation and what the actual point-to-point was, was much smaller this quarter and didn't have as significant of an impact. Again, that S&P 500 is a proxy for the movement in our actual assets. The actual asset movement was also impacted by  the domestic markets were strong in the fourth quarter. However, international markets and maybe some of the fixed income investments weren't quite as strong. But, I hope that helps. It is really two different things: an average account value and the average S&P go hand-in-hand, and that typically ties to the fee base. Whereas, the expenses associated with the acquisition are more of a point-to-point. Now, if you look at the deferred acquisition costs for this quarter, they were right in line with what our expectations would be for every one of our businesses. Hope that helps.
Yaron J. Kinar: Very much so. Thank you. And then I had one follow-up, and I apologize if I missed it in your prepared comments, but the G&A expenses and RIS Fees were a bit high. Was that a timing issue or are you investing more significantly in the platform? Could you maybe give us a little more color on that?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. I think there is just a little bit of noise there. And again, we make ongoing investments in the platform to make sure that we're viable. You may have seen that we've introduced a new in-plan annuity, which we're excited about. That's just one example of that sort of investment. But with that as a backdrop, Nora, do you have anything specific to add as it relates to the spike in...
Nora Mary Everett: No, if you look at quarter-over-quarter, comp and other, if you see that line item, actually up only $5 million, 2.5%. So, that's the line I'd focus on. And certainly to Dan's point, we're going to continue to make investments in technology, but that's going to be an ongoing investment, not a point in time.
Yaron J. Kinar: Got it. Okay. So there's just maybe a degree of seasonality there?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, I think that's correct. Yeah, nothing to call out, certainly. Yaron, thanks for the question.
Yaron J. Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel: Hey. Good morning, everybody. I've got one question on a data point and then a couple of bigger picture questions for you, if I could. The question that I have on the data point is variable investment income. On a consolidated basis, Terry, how much did that contribute to the fourth quarter results and how would that compare with a more typical quarter?
Terrance J. Lillis: John, thanks for the question. As you talk about variable investment income, there is a lot of components that go into that. What I would talk about in terms of variable investment income is probably prepayment activity that occurs on our mortgages and fixed income investments, as well as some real estate sales that we have that also impact it. And typically, I'd look at on a quarter-by-quarter basis that we benefit from this variable investment income activity by $0.03 to $0.07 a quarter. In 2014, it was well above average because as you're well aware, everybody was anticipating higher interest rates, and so the prepayment activity was really, really high. We try to call out the variable investment income when it distorts the run rate that is actually in any particular quarter. Now, if you look at this particular quarter, the expectations were right in line with what we would have expected. We saw probably a benefit of variable investment income around $0.04, little over $0.04, so it's right in line with our expectations. So, there was no reason to call it out. Now, a year ago, it was slightly higher. And if you actually look out on a run rate basis, we called out probably close to $0.08  probably $0.06 to $0.08 a year ago, which was well above our expectations for the year. Hopefully that helps, but I would expect it to be right in line with expectations this quarter.
John M. Nadel: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you. And then I have a question on Brazil. In Principal International net flows remain very strong. But, they have slowed quite a bit, if you look at it versus the last  maybe even just a year ago. Net flows are about half the level as they were a year ago. I'm just so curious about what's your view of the economy there is, what your outlook is for ongoing growth there and whether we should expect that that continues to grow but at a much slower pace.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. John, thanks for that question, because if you think about Brazil and India and China and Southeast Asia, those are really our big growth engines for Luis and his team. As you noted from the script and other conversations, we think we have a excellent partner in Banco do Brasil. Brasilprev, as you know, has some very favorable tax treatment of the savings vehicle, and there is this flight to quality right now and so that's playing to our benefit. Having said that, you're correct, some of those flows are lower than they have been historically. And with that, maybe I'll have Luis provide some additional color on the specificity around those flows in Brazil. Luis?
John M. Nadel: Thanks a lot.
Luis Valds: John, good morning. This is Luis.
John M. Nadel: Good morning.
Luis Valds: Talking about total net customer cash flows for PI, during this year we put $9.3 billion in comparison with $13 billion last year. If you're putting this comparison in a constant currency basis, it's a minus 5%. And we're comparing with our record year in 2014. So I would say that the most important part of these differences at currency we had we were facing a 30% depreciation on average. Talking about Brazil, I mean, Brazil continues performing very well. We put a $6.9 billion in net customer cash flows. As Dan mentioned, our JV with Banco is going very well. We're going to continue facing some volatility and some headwinds, but all-in-all, all our companies and the fundamentals of our business out there continues very strong.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Hopefully that helps. Maybe I'll ask Jim to opine a bit on the Brazilian economy, maybe more broadly in its recovery and maybe where we stand. I think that was the latter half of your question, John.
John M. Nadel: And if I could, my last question was actually going to be for Jim, and that's just what probability are you putting at this point, Jim, on a broader turn in the credit cycle beyond just energy? I'm just curious in your outlook.
James Patrick McCaughan: Very good. Thanks. Okay. Now, thank you. On the last point, I would say this is one of the very important questions on the U.S. and the global economy. And at the moment we're seeing the problems in credit really associated with the energy companies, the miners and to an extent companies with very large leverage businesses in emerging markets as it's quite a tight little part of the credit market. The way that that would become contagion would be if banks have been foolish enough to get over-committed in those markets. If that happens, you're going to see a broader credit contagion, and indeed a lower flow of credit in even the U.S. economy. Your question really was what probability do I see attached to that. We've discussed this at some length within our organization. We have people with a lot of different skills on this. But, if I can distill it, I would say in the next 12 months, that's probably a 20% probability, it's still a negative tail risk. It is most likely that the U.S. and global economy continue growing albeit at a slower pace than it was before, but we need to be ready to defend if contagion happens and you end up with a worse economy. In particular, on Brazil, I think what's gone wrong in Brazil apart from the obvious political process and commodity prices is, like China, they kept growth going for quite a long time by expansion of credit, particularly to state-owned enterprises for infrastructure investment and so on. That expansion of credit has probably got to about the limit. So, you're into a bit of a debt deflation situation. The IMF, I think it was, just brought down their growth estimate or their recession estimate this year to in excess of 3% from 1%. I think that's quite possible. I think you're going to see another year of pretty severe recession in Brazil, come what may, but this is part of a deleveraging process. And we've seen this with economies that slow a lot, because people are not spending, there's quite a lot of cash available. And Principal International is taking maximum advantage of that right now. This will pass, it's a phase. It could take a while, but it's one where our business can do, frankly, okay.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Thanks, Jim. Hopefully that helps, John.
John M. Nadel: Thanks, no that...
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Can you give a little bit more underlying color on RIS Fee, both deposits and withdrawals? And specifically, recurring deposits, I guess, were down about 5% year-over-year. I'm sure part of that was impacted by lower asset values, so I'd appreciate any more color on kind of underlying activity.
Daniel Joseph Houston: My take on that, Ryan, is that FSA is in really good shape. When I think about Full Service Accumulation and the underlying drivers of that business, and when I think about it in the context of sales and net cash flow and ability just to grow that block of business, so we really, really feel strongly that it is a strong contributor to success. But, having said that, Nora is our resident expert, can speak specifically on some of these drivers. Nora?
Nora Mary Everett: Sure. Good morning, Ryan. So, again, total recurring deposits were up 7% year-over-year, that's $1 billion number that I think Dan mentioned in the script ahead of time. What you may be focused on is the quarter-over-quarter, which was up only about 3.2%. There's some noise there. We have some DB plan deposit noise there. If we strip that noise away and we don't expect that to recur, and we look at those core deferrals, so look at the core deferrals and match, that's actually up really strong quarter-over-quarter, closer to 11%, little bit north of 11%. So, both with regard to quarter-over-quarter and trailing 12 months, we're seeing very strong growth in those recurring deposits. We're also seeing very strong growth with regard to the number of participants that are deferring. That percentage is up over 8%. So, when you look at the fundamentals of this business, whether you're looking at plan count, again, we saw that increase across all of the segments; whether you're looking at startup plans in the industry, we're now seeing startup plans 17% above pre-crisis levels. So a huge opportunity in that part of the market that is completely underserved because 50% or so of those smaller employers do not today have worksite access to retirement. We play in that space extremely well and one of the leaders in that startup plan market. So the underlying fundamentals here are really, really strong. When you look at the fourth quarter lapses, handful of large cases, again, we're going to win and lose on an M&A basis, we happened to lose a couple where the plan went to the acquirer, but the good news there is the momentum we're seeing. I might add one other thing in Q4 that we saw is one plan that came in as a sale and a very large plan, north of $500 million, is not going to fund until 1Q. So, once in a while, as we've mentioned before, we're going to get those timing issues. But if you strip out those timing issues and you look into Q1, we're seeing very significant momentum there both with regard to our sales pipeline, good momentum in the pipeline and we're also seeing good momentum with regard to retention. So, as we look into 2016, certainly we don't want to get into the prediction business, but we would anticipate a pretty strong, positive net cash flow in Q1. And we would look, as Terry said, to be back in that range of 1% to 3% of beginning of year account values with regard to net cash flow full year.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Ryan, just a couple of additional comments. When I think about just the America marching back, why do you look at group benefits or you look at our small-sized to medium-sized retirement businesses, low unemployment rates are causing  will start take an increase in wages, we start seeing an increase in matching contributions, we see employers competing for workers, which means they may strengthen, adding a dental benefit, adding a 401(k) match, all of those things contribute to growing long-term revenues for the organization. But, again, I'd highlight one of the statistics that Nora threw out. We are now seeing new plan formation at a higher level than we saw it in last  in that 2007/2008 timeframe, so a really good time for small business in the U.S.
Ryan Krueger: Very helpful. Thank you. And then just a separate question. I think, Dan, you mentioned this at one point. I just wanted to get an update. Do you still see a potential opportunity to free up some capital in your Closed Block within Individual Life?
Daniel Joseph Houston: We absolutely do see that as an opportunity. That's a lever that we could pull. And while I'll ask  Deanna Strable is here, and I'll ask her to tell opine on what the nature of that might look like.
Deanna D. Strable-Soethout: Yeah, just a couple of comments on Individual Life. Obviously, we've been very focused on making sure we're meeting our profitability targets both on a return basis and on earnings perspective. Even though earnings were a little bit soft in the fourth quarter, I think very strong growth when you look year-over-year. Specific to capital, obviously, there's a number of things that we continue to look at to make sure that we're pulling those levers when and if they make sense. And the Closed Block is one that is currently does provide an opportunity, and we're just working together with Terry and Tim to determine when the right time might be to do that. Obviously, we want to have a place to deploy that. The rating agencies are more concerned on making sure we keep that within our life insurance company perspective. And so, again, I think it's probably more of a matter of when rather than if. But, we do think it's an opportunity that we could pull at some point in time.
Ryan Krueger: Can you help us  any sort of metric to help us size how big that could be?
Deanna D. Strable-Soethout: A lot of it depends on the timing of it. But, I would say it's multiple hundreds of millions of dollars that are really trapped up in that perspective.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks for the question, Ryan.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Kovac: Hi. Thanks. As you discussed within the retirement fee-based business, because expenses were really only up 2% year-over-year, the topline brusher obviously drove margin pressure. Can you talk about some of the specific drivers that you see going forward in 2016 in order to sort of slow that margin compression, specifically thinking about the expense side?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, that's a good question. Frankly, I wouldn't limit that to just a conversation about full-service accumulation or RIS. That's a company-wide item for us. We're trying to constantly strive the right differential between our growth in revenues and our growth in expenses. We review that on a constant basis; a lot of company-wide initiatives to go right at that specific point. So, again, not limited to RIS, but I know that's where your question was. So I'll ask Nora to maybe fill in some of the blanks in your question. Nora?
Nora Mary Everett: Sure. And this is not going to surprise you, but one of our priorities is to make sure that we actually do continue to invest for long-term growth. So, we're going to continue to balance the need for efficiencies, which we are gaining. We're going to continue to focus on operational efficiencies. But, we've got an equal focus on making sure that we're investing for that long-term growth. So, what you're going to see is, and we've given guidance on margin, and that guidance on margin gives us the ability to, what we believe, strike the right balance between those two things, because the last thing we want to do is shrink to greatness. We've got a very sharp focus on a lot of  when you think about digital, when you then about self-serve, when you think about the opportunities in the small to medium business market, that's our sweet spot. So, we're going to play there, and we're going to play there in a way that balances growth and profitability.
Daniel Joseph Houston: It's a really good question. The other area I think about, the investment we're making in technology well beyond cyber security controls, but it gets into having a digital strategy that better enables our customers to do business with us, better support our adviser community, better support our participants, that's an investment we can't afford not to make. And the good news is we can take that same investment and leverage it throughout the organization. So something that works in retirement is something that we'll likely deploy internationally with Luis and his team. And we've also demonstrated we can leverage that across Deanna Strable's U.S. Insurance Solutions. So, a good question. We appreciate that, Michael. Did you have a follow-up?
Mike Kovac: Yeah. If I could, a follow-up here, on the Department of Labor, I know you're not giving any sort of large updates to the compliance cost in terms of sizing. But, have you begun spending some of that today? And I'm wondering sort of further beyond compliance costs if you're preparing anything in terms of product shifts or conversations you're having with your distribution partners in terms of sort of preparing for it in the coming months.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, it's a question that I'm surprised it took this long today to get into this question. We know it's top of mind for investors, and we fully appreciate that. I guess where I start on this question is, we've been very active with the trades, we're active with DOL and Congress in better understanding the implications it has as it relates to this fiduciary definition. But, from our perspective, job one is to protect the interest of the American savers without taking away very valuable education and guidance, which frankly most workers are very dependent on. So, we've looked at it at basically three different inflection points. One is that initial selection of the investments. We think that we've got that appropriately identified and the steps that we'll have to take in order to work with advisers. And so, again, we think that that's very manageable. The second is the routine inquiries that we have among our plan participants, they're inquiring about a hardship loan or a standard loan or trying to get some investor education and understand perhaps better the target date investment options. Again, we think that within the definition there's a way to work with that, we think there's viable solutions. The third is around those job changers and retirees. Again, we all know they have three options. One is to leave it in the plan. Our reading of the understanding of the rule today would cause perhaps more people to leave it in the plan. There are some benefits from that to the participant, perhaps fewer investment options, but at the same time, they may very well find that the expenses are lower because it's been aggregated with a large pool of dollars. The second is the rollover IRA, either with Principal or another third-party. And then, lastly, is a cash-out, which we think is a bad idea for all the obvious reasons. Again, we come back to mapping what that scenario looks like as people are faced with those decisions. And we think there are going to be necessary disclosure and additional steps that will have to be taken. But, we've got that fairly well triangulated in terms of the impact. So, we know there's more guidance, there's more education, there's more disclosure. We have a large team of people that are hammering away on this issue. We don't think it's a material change to our run rate related to expenses. And like you we're very anxious about the next 60 days to 90 days to see what OMB produces and back to the DOL and what that might start looking like. And I kept that at a fairly high strategic level. But, with that as a backdrop, I'll throw it over to Nora to see if she's got any additional color.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah, just a quick comment. You asked about third-party distribution, and as you well know, our model is hugely diverse. We go across all the channels, all the firms, so we're out there. We actually have a very large group, a team that's been working on this for a number of months doing scenario planning and engaging with our third-party distribution partners. And the one result of those discussions is it's pretty clear to us, and again, we're speculating on a preliminary reg here, but it's pretty clear to us that there's going to be an array of adviser business models coming out of this change if and when this reg becomes final. Because between ERISA and this new reg what you see is a huge amount of optionality, many exceptions, many exemptions, and so various firms and various advisers and various broker dealers are going to take different routes from our perspective, whether they go the fiduciary route with a third-party advisory service or the non-fiduciary route with a third-party advisory service, whether they use the best interest contract, there's a lot of optionality. What we're doing is working with them and making sure that we're putting the systems in place to be able to service those diverse operating models across our various channels, firms and advisers. And we feel pretty optimistic that at the end of the day somebody like us who's got the scale and the expertise and the discipline to really work channel-by-channel, firm-by-firm, is going to have a really elegant solution to an unbelievably complex set of regulations.
James Patrick McCaughan: And can I just add something? It's Jim here. Jim McCaughan. Can I add that with our investment performance and our multi-asset capabilities, if in the market generally platforms find it harder to offer in proprietary products, we have some very strong substitutes there that we can sell into other platforms. We would see this as an opportunity, depending on how it all develops, to expand our defined contribution investment only business.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Michael, hopefully that helps.
Mike Kovac: Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good.
Operator: The next question will come from Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks, and good morning. Just one housekeeping item. Terry, forgive me if you said this already, but did you say if you've bought any stock year-to-date; and if so, how much?
Terrance J. Lillis: Sean, we did not state that. I just said that we had an authorization still outstanding of $75 million. But, I did also say that the valuations are pretty attractive at this point in time, unfortunately, but it does look like there's an outstanding authorization  we do have an outstanding authorization of $75 million and we'll also talk with the board of directors about any future authorizations that may occur. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Thanks. And then, going back to the DOL but away from fiduciary duty, there's a proposal, I believe it's from the DOL, to allow small employers to pool together to offer 401(k) plans to their employees. Is that a net benefit to PFG or is that a challenge for you guys, because the size of the plans would then be bigger than the SMB kind of niche that you have?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks for the question, Sean. We're actually on the record. We would support that multiple-employer plan model. We have plans in order to support that. The other part that came out of the White House was to provide some additional tax credits and some additional incentives for small-sized to medium-sized employers to adopt a plan. So, I think clearly this is an example where the administration is recognizing that an employer-based retirement approach is the right approach, and delivered through the private sector. So, again, we like seeing those. Now, having said that, I'll have Nora add any additional comments.
Nora Mary Everett: No, well said. We've been part of the movement to get those two very things on the agenda and we were really pleased to see that come out of the White House a couple of weeks ago. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: The next question will come from the Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar: Hi. So, the first question's just on the operating environment in the 401(k) business and just your outlook for flows. Obviously, your commentary seemed pretty positive, but withdrawals picked up a lot in the fourth quarter, and you mentioned M&A, but how much of this was because of competition and just competitor behavior on fees and other things?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Sure, Jimmy. So, thanks for the question. Nora had commented on those earlier. I'll have her repeat her comments relative to the operating environment and flows and withdrawals and some of the color around that. The M&A environment is always there. But, equally as important to M&A, I think about half of those withdrawals actually were attributable to plan terminations, and that means they just no longer have a plan. And that's going to happen in the small-size to medium-size employer space and you can't be as vibrant as we are in that marketplace and not have a few plans terminate after year two, three, four or maybe five. But, with that, maybe I'll have Nora go ahead and add some additional color.
Nora Mary Everett: Sure. No doubt, it's competitive. It's always been competitive. What we're seeing in that small to medium business space, the core SMB space for us is that if we actually peel that back on a net cash flow basis for 2015, we were actually well within our beginning of year 1% to 3% net cash flow. So within that space that we've been talking about, stripping out some of the larger plans from a net cash flow perspective, we are proving up that we're extremely competitive. And there are two things going on there. One is we've got tremendous investment performance in that target date suite, and we've got a huge lineup with regard to target date, whether you want primarily passive, whether you want primarily active, whether you want it in a funds form or a CIT form. So, between the choice in the investment performance, we are highly competitive in that space. And then you add to that the fact that we're price competitive, and that's why we're seeing those kind of positive net cash flows year-over-year in that core small to medium business segment of the industry.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar: Then on group benefits, the margins are pretty good. To what extent do you think that'll sustain? I think your margins, especially in group life and disability were just very strong this quarter.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, what did I tell you? It didn't happen by accident. Deanna and her team have just done a superb job managing that group benefits business. Deanna, some additional comments?
Deanna D. Strable-Soethout: Yeah. I think I'd make a comment. I think you can't just look at the fourth quarter. Obviously, we have some seasonality that makes the margin in the fourth quarter a little bit higher because of dental results. And you're right our Group life loss ratio was probably at an unsustainable level. So I'd say probably if you just look at the fourth quarter margins, probably not sustainable, but I think if you look at the full-year margins, we feel good about those results, and ultimately can see that there's fundamentals that can carry that into 2016. I think as Dan says, I think the team's done a really, really good job with this business. We had record sales in both group benefits and individual disability record retention, record premium, record earnings. And I think when you look at that relative to some of our peers in this business, I think we really do have the fundamentals to drive not just growth but profitable growth, which is really important in this business. So, hopefully that helps give you a little bit of color on the margin, but I think full-year margin we feel good about that sustaining.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar: Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Jimmy.
Operator: We have reached the end of the of our Q&A. Mr. Houston, your closing comments please.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Well, first I'd like to just thank everyone for joining the call today. As I said in the beginning, we felt like we had a very solid quarter. We think we had in overall a good year. We, frankly, are very optimistic about the future. We found 2015 to be challenging in a number of different areas including the headwinds created by the equity markets, sustaining low interest rates, and certainly FX was not playing to our strength in 2015. 2016, as we evaluate it, we think the fundamentals are very strong. We think the strategy is still spot-on. We'll continue to rigorously analyze our capital deployment in interest of long-term shareholders. And, again, appreciate your continued support and look forward to seeing you on the road here in the next few weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day, February 9th, 2016. 12710878 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056, U.S. and Canadian callers; or 404-537-3406, international callers.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to The Principal Financial Group's third quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Nora Everett, Retirement and Investor Services; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valds, Principal International; Deanna Strable, U.S. Insurance Solutions and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we discuss the quarterly financial results, I want to remind you of the investor workshop we're holding on November 6 in New York City. Dan Houston, Jim McCaughan and other members of our leadership team will provide an update on our strategy and discuss the benefits of integrating Principal Funds and Principal Global Investors. Additionally, Terry Lillis will provide an overview of the enhancements we're making to our financial supplement. Registration details are on our website. We look forward to seeing you there. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, John. And welcome to everyone on the call. As this is my first earnings call as CEO, I would like to take a brief moment to thank our Chairman, Larry Zimpleman, for his many contributions throughout his 44 years at The Principal and especially as CEO. He not only had led us through the financial crisis, but and also helped us evolve from a domestic employee benefits company to a global leader in retirement and investment management. I am proud to lead our company in executing on the strategy firmly established during Larry's tenure and will continue to focus the company on delivering sustainable, profitable growth. Larry remains Chairman of our Board and we'll continue to benefit from his guidance and tremendous breadth and depth of knowledge. I would also like to welcome Nora Everett, President of Retirement and Investor Services; and Deanna Strable, President of U.S. Insurance Solutions to today's call. They will be available to answer questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I am incredibly proud of the strength and commitment of our leadership team who are all industry experts in their respective fields. Now, I'll provide some comments about our results. As John mentioned, there are slides related to today's call on our website. The key themes for the quarter are outlined on slide 4. The businesses delivered solid results in the third quarter, especially given strong macroeconomic headwinds from market and interest rate volatility and the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The results generated this quarter demonstrate the revenue and earnings stability that our diversified business mix provides in a variety of market conditions. Strong fundamentals and focused execution across our businesses resulted in total company operating earnings of $317 million in the third quarter, driving the year-to-date total to $967 million. Year-to-date net income is strong at nearly $1 billion. Our continued ability to generate growth enables us to increase long-term value for shareholders through capital deployment. Last night, we announced a fourth quarter common stock dividend of $0.38 per share and our Board authorized a new share repurchase program. These actions signal our confidence and our ability to grow earnings in 2016 and beyond. Terry will provide additional details on third quarter financials including normalizing items that impacted results. Despite unusual items this quarter, our businesses continued to achieve solid underlying growth. On a trailing 12-month basis, total company net cash flows were $25 billion and we ended third quarter with $516 billion in assets under management. Strong investment performance continues to be a differentiator and is a foundation for future operating earnings growth. 45 of the rated mutual funds, or 78%, have a four-star or five-star Morningstar rating. Additionally, as slide 5 shows, at quarter end, 86% of Principal's investment options were in the top two quartiles of Morningstar rankings on a one-year basis and 91% in the top two quartiles on a three-year and five-year basis. Finally, 100% of our Target Date Funds were once again on the top two quartiles of Morningstar rankings across all time periods at quarter end, further enabling us to help more customers achieve financial success. This performance translated into strong flows across our retail, retirement and institutional platforms. Principal Global Investors ended the third quarter with total assets under management of $324 billion, including $120 billion of unaffiliated assets under management. Third quarter unaffiliated net cash flows of $2 billion were a large portion of Principal Global Investors' third quarter net cash flows of $3 billion. Success across multiple asset classes along with our global distribution footprint have helped us build scale and drive strong growth. Principal Funds had its 23rd consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. The combination of strong and diversified distribution channel and a broad mix of investment options aimed at solving for favorable outcomes drove strong sales of $5 billion for the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, Principal Funds sales were up 22% and both our equity and fixed income flows were four times the industry average versus the same period a year ago. Third quarter 2015 marked Principal International's 28th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. On a trailing 12-month basis, net cash flows were $12 billion. Highlighting the negative impact foreign exchange has had on our results, reported assets under management of $106 billion for Principal International included a $34 billion negative impact from foreign exchange rates over the last 12 months. More than a decade ago, we focused Principal International's strategy to serve the retirement and long-term saving needs of the rapidly growing middle classes in select emerging markets. We knew that emerging markets would have volatile time periods. That's the nature of emerging markets. However, our consistently strong growth metrics in Principal International demonstrate that the long-term growth opportunities outweigh bouts volatility. Despite the recent volatility in these markets, tremendous growth opportunities remain and we're just as confident as we've always been about our ability to capture market share and continue to grow over the long-term. The success we have achieved in Principal International is driven by two key advantages: our expertise in providing the savings solutions customers seek and our partnership with marquee distribution networks, which is critical for success in international markets. For example, our long-term exclusive distribution partnership with Banco do Brasil, the largest bank in Latin America, provides us access to their large customer base where to date we've reached just 3% of their customer base. As a state-owned bank with a quality reputation, customers in Brazil view Banco do Brasil as a safe haven, particularly during volatile periods. Our tax advantaged individual retirement products remain in favor, garnering Brasilprev $1.2 billion of net cash flow in the third quarter. This strengthened its position as the number one private retirement provider in terms of net cash flow and assets. In addition, during the quarter, Brasilprev received multiple awards including recognition as one of the most innovative companies in the Brazil pension industry. Additionally, our partnership with China Construction Bank, the second largest bank in the world, has generated $26 billion of net cash flows in China on a trailing 12-month basis. The continued growth in China makes us a formidable player in this market. As other pension and other long-term savings opportunities materialize in China, we're well positioned to capitalize on those opportunities in this long-term strategic market. Another key focus is on enhancing and expanding distribution. A main driver of growth in Principal International has been our successful implementation of strategic acquisitions, such as Cuprum in Chile and HSBC in Mexico. We've closed on the acquisition of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong on September 1 and the transition is proceeding smoothly. The acquisition adds $3 billion of assets under management to our current business, making us the fifth largest mandatory pension provider in Hong Kong. Importantly, the deal includes a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with AXA's network of some 4,400 agents. This provides additional opportunities to grow our market share as the mandatory and voluntary pension markets grow in Hong Kong. Turning to Principal Funds, our ongoing advisor development efforts have driven double-digit growth year-to-date and a number of advisors selling our funds to 52,000. Principal Funds is the 16th largest advisor-sold fund family in the U.S., and we continue to grow our market share. Our advisor centered distribution strategy provides us a competitive advantage for our U.S. retirement business as well. Year-to-date, alliance channels accounted for more than 75% of our Full Service Accumulation sales. Third quarter sales of $1.5 billion were largely driven by sales in the small and medium size business market. This market has been a long-term focus for Principal, as it's historically been underserved. Additionally, we continue to grow the number of plans in the large market, as plan sponsors of all sizes seek our retirement benefit solutions for their employees. In addition to building strong distribution partnerships, we've built our leadership position in the retirement industry by providing solutions from hire through retire, and we continue to successfully execute on that strategy. The underlying growth metrics in Full Service Accumulation remain strong, with third quarter recurring deposits up 7% for the quarter and year-to-date. Plan count and active participants continue to increase as well. This growth reflects our efforts to continue to expand participation and deferral rates through innovative plan design features in addition to improved employment trends. The U.S. is still the largest retirement market in the world, and there's still a lot of work to be done as people are not yet saving enough for a comfortable retirement. As a leader in the industry, we remain actively engaged in working with others to ensure the proposed regulations from the Department of Labor protect efforts to help Americans achieve a secure retirement. Providing protection solutions in addition to retirement and long-term savings options is important to our strategy of helping customers achieve financial success. And Specialty Benefits, our competitive benefit solutions, and strong distribution networks helped drive an 8% increase in year-to-date normalized premiums and fees. We continue to see in-plan growth quarter-over-quarter and the loss ratio remains favorable at the low end of our targeted range. Business market sales in Individual Life remained strong and made up nearly 60% of sales in third quarter. These plans help small and medium size business owners with the business continuity strategies as well as enhance our total retirement suite through robust non-qualified plans. In closing, I'm excited about the tremendous long-term growth opportunities ahead. I remain optimistic about our future despite continued global macroeconomic volatility. I'm proud of our dedicated employees who continuously demonstrate their ability to execute on our strategy. It's their commitment to meeting the needs of our customers that will continue to successfully drive the company forward. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Dan. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance of the investment portfolio, and an update on capital deployment. Third quarter continued to build on the momentum from the first half of 2015 as the fundamentals of our business remained strong. However, results were masked by ongoing macroeconomic headwinds. Operating earnings for the quarter were negatively impacted by the combination of the strengthening U.S. dollar, negative equity markets, and lower interest rates. The impact was partially offset by our annual actuarial model and assumption review. In addition, on a total company basis, variable investment income was down compared to the prior year period due to lower than expected prepayments on U.S. investments. Total company reported operating earnings were $317 million, or $1.06 per share. Slide 6 shows the normalizing items for the quarter. As we typically do in the third quarter, we completed our annual review of actuarial models and assumptions. The review resulted in a net benefit to operating earnings of $0.11 per share. Notable impacts of the review include reducing interest rate assumptions, other assumption updates, and model refinements. Other normalizing items for the quarter include a $0.06 negative impact from additional expense recognition in Full Service Accumulation and Individual Annuities due to market declines, as well as lower variable investment income in Individual Annuities, and a net $0.03 negative impact to Principal International's earnings per share due to lower than expected encaje returns and an impairment resulting from the review of specific intangibles associated with our 2012 purchase of Claritas, our Brazilian mutual fund operation. These were partially offset by higher than expected Latin American inflation and variable investment income in Chile. On a normalized basis, earnings per share were $1.04, down $0.01 from the normalized third quarter 2014. After adjusting for foreign exchange, third quarter earnings per share grew 6% over the year ago quarter. Additional detail about the actuarial review and intangible asset impairment is outlined on slide 7. At the end of the third quarter, return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 13.2%. When we adjust the average equity for exchange rate movements, the return on equity was 14.5%. Now, I'll discuss business unit results. The accumulation businesses within Retirement and Investor Services reported operating earnings of $143 million. On a normalized basis, operating earnings were $180 million for the third quarter 2015, flat compared to the year ago quarter. Slide 8 shows that quarterly net revenue was up 1% compared to third quarter 2014, and up 4% on a trailing 12-month basis. Adjusting for the actuarial assumption review, trailing 12-months pre-tax return on net revenue was 32%. This margin remains attractive and is within our guided range. Normalized Full Service Accumulation operating earnings were $110 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter due to lower revenue and slightly higher expenses. Net cash flows for Full Service Accumulation were slightly negative for the quarter as we continued to balance growth and profitability. Year-to-date flows were a positive $2 billion, and we're still on track to end 2015 within our targeted 1% to 3% of beginning year account values. Principal Funds third quarter operating earnings were a record $30 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year. The trailing 12-month pre-tax return on revenue continues to improve as we grow scale. Strong investment performance and flows contributed to account values of $122 billion at quarter end for the total Principal Funds complex. Individual Annuities normalized operating earnings were $33 million for the quarter, an 8% increase over the prior year quarter. We continue to believe that the run rate for this business is in the $32 million to $36 million range in normal operating conditions. Looking at slide 9, operating earnings for the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services were $21 million. Full Service Payout had adverse mortality in the quarter that was within our expected range of fluctuations. In the third quarter, we had almost $700 million of Full Service Payout sales, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.5 billion. We continue to approach our guaranteed businesses opportunistically. Turning to slide 10, Principal Global Investors quarterly operating earnings were $30 million, a 20% increase over the year ago quarter. Trailing 12-month pre-tax margin was 27%, an increase of 190 basis points over the same period a year ago. Net cash flows of $2.9 billion during the quarter highlight the confidence investors have in our diversified solutions. The net cash flows have been driven by our yield-oriented products and are a direct result of our investment in our global distribution platform. Assets under management for Principal Global Investors increased 6% over the prior year quarter to $324 billion. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at $120 billion, also a 6% increase over the year ago quarter. Slide 11 shows normalized quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $54 million. Third quarter operating earnings were negatively impacted by $18 million due to foreign exchange on a quarter-over-quarter comparison. On a local currency basis, Principal International drove year-over-year growth in the mid-teens. Included in the normalization is the $11 million impairment of intangibles in Claritas, our mutual fund operation in Brazil. The impairment recognizes the loss of some specific assets under management and distribution in force at the time of our 2012 acquisition, as investors' sentiment shifted to less volatile fixed income investments. Claritas has largely maintained its assets under management by continuing to develop market-driven investment solutions, often leveraging The Principal's global asset management capabilities. This global synergy is becoming a strong competitive advantage given recent regulatory changes allowing more Brazilians access to overseas investments. We remain committed to offering a broad lineup of appropriate long-term investments to our customers and Claritas remains a critical piece of our Latin American strategy. As shown on slide 12, Individual Life reported $73 million of operating earnings in the third quarter, reflecting a benefit from the actuarial assumption review and model enhancements. The adjustments better reflect actual experience and are predominantly prior year experience adjustments. Normalized Individual Life operating earnings were $31 million for the quarter, a 33% increase over a normalized prior year period helped by favorable claims experience. On a trailing 12-month basis, the normalized operating margin was within our targeted range. Moving to slide 13, Specialty Benefits reported operating earnings were $42 million, reflecting the benefit of the actuarial model enhancements. Normalized quarterly operating earnings were a record $34 million, an 8% increase over the prior year quarter. The normalized loss ratio for the quarter was 64%, well within our expected range. The normalized trailing 12-month pre-tax operating margin remains strong and within our targeted range. Corporate operating losses were $37 million. This includes expenses associated with the closing of the acquisition of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong. We still anticipate full-year 2015 Corporate operating losses to be in the previously announced range of $130 million to $150 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $300 million, a strong result reflecting the benefit of our diversified business model. Net credit related losses were $6 million for the quarter and continue to be below our long-term expectations. Our capital deployment strategy remains balanced as we leverage multiple options to increase long-term value for shareholders. Slide 14 shows that year-to-date we have deployed $885 million of excess capital. In the third quarter, we closed on the AXA acquisition, paid a $0.38 common stock dividend and opportunistically repurchased 2.2 million of our shares. Yesterday, we announced a $0.38 common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year common stock dividend to $1.50 per share, a 17% increase over the full-year 2014 common stock dividend. With the fourth quarter dividend, our 2015 capital deployment amount will be nearly $1 billion. Additionally, yesterday, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a $150 million share repurchase program. With the recent completion of our previously $150 million authorization, this new authorization is an acceleration of our 2016 capital deployment plan and allows us to continue to repurchase shares opportunistically. In closing, this quarter demonstrates that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operators, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The first question comes from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel: Good morning, everybody. Dan, I guess a question to start. With the change in management, recognizing that there's likely very little, if any, change in strategy, just a question for you about capital deployment. I realize that the longer term track record here on the acquisition side remains very sound, but given the recent intangible impairments, when you look at Liongate and Claritas, I am curious whether you might have a different view about the method of deploying free cash flow and capital as we look forward?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, John, thank you for the question. Just a couple of comments, and I've got to appreciate your perspective, but our capital strategy will remain the same. It's going to be a very balanced approach. Increasingly, we become more driven by our fee businesses, which, gives us, frankly, more flexibility. We can demonstrate through a lot of Jim's operations, when I think about WM Funds and Morley and Spectrum and Origin and Finisterre, HSBC Mexico, these are really, really strong results. When I look at the Luis' Cuprum, AXA, Brasilprev and the exclusive distribution agreement that was added to, we've got actually a very strong track record of executing on successfully integrating companies that we've acquired, supplementing our organic growth strategies. Having said that, in the case of Liongate that you cited, Liongate, I think, is a one-off. It was an asset class that our timing wasn't good. The performance was underwhelming and caused us to lose a lot of the assets. We recognized that, we did our due diligence, we did our look back, and certainly understand perhaps how we could go about acquiring an asset like that in the future. And frankly, I would even put Claritas in the same category. That's a different sort of impairment on an intangible. And maybe with that, I'll ask Terry to provide some additional comments. But again, I would say, John, we remain quite confident about our ability to successfully execute our capital strategy. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Hi, John, it's Terry.
John M. Nadel: No, I  sorry, Terry. Yeah.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, this is Terry. As you know, each quarter we take a look at all of our assumptions. But in the third quarter of each year, we do a thorough review of the intangibles, the goodwill as well for each of our businesses. And that's similar to the actuarial model and assumption review that we also do. And we look at all the tangibles as well as intangibles whether they're finite lived or infinite lived. And in this case, in particular, with Claritas, we reviewed it this quarter and we looked at the particular fund at the time of the purchase when we acquired Claritas. And the macroeconomic conditions have really changed and become much more challenging for the mutual fund business within Brazil, and as a result, associated with this one particular fund that went out of favor, and we had to impair the intangibles that were associated with it. These were related to the investment management contract that we had, the value of the customers in the fund, the distribution agreements. These all moved away from us. And so we had to impair those specific impairments associated with that. And we had to impact in the current quarter. Now that's about $23 million for the 100% of which we had 60% of that impairment. Now, because of the timing of this, we also looked at it in terms of the goodwill associated with Claritas. And we did not impair that, which is probably more important to us in terms of the long-term. As Dan noted, it's a significant player in our Latin American strategy both on the asset management side as well as on Principal International. And they've proven themselves. They've actually replaced much of the assets under management by developing some other market driven investment solutions that have been very strong by leveraging, as I mentioned earlier in the call, Principal Global asset management capabilities. And so, it still has a competitive advantage for our product. So we didn't feel that there was an impairment there. Now that being said, and where the question would go is, are there other impairments out there of goodwill or of an intangible? But we do, as we do with actuarial review and assumptions, we do a thorough scrubbing of the goodwill and we're seeing a strong cushion on all the remaining intangibles as well as goodwill. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel Joseph Houston: John, did you have a follow-up question?
John M. Nadel: I appreciate that. Yeah, I wanted to ask a question about Principal International. In particular, I guess, I wanted to focus on Latin America. Obviously, flows remain positive, but net flows slowed down. And I don't think that's that surprising. But I was wondering if we could get an update on conditions locally, particularly in areas such as Brazil, Chile, and maybe even Mexico where clearly the economies are weaker. And in the case of Brazil in particular, there's been a lot of press about the very worried state of the pension market there and what a mess that is economically for the country. And I'm wondering what you think it might mean for Principal's opportunities.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, really good question, John. So I appreciate that. And I'll make a couple of overarching comments and then flip it over to Luis to add some color. It's an important driver for PFG, it represents roughly 25% of our earnings, and I would just remind everyone on the call, we've got 28 consecutive quarters of positive net cash flow that are being driven by Principal International. And I'd also say that we have tremendous partners. I think about China Construction Bank and Banco do Brasil who are very much entrenched in these local markets and add enormous firepower to our ability to distribute our products. And when we do our look back on places like China and India and Brazil and Mexico and Chile, some things haven't changed. They're still a very significant, emerging class growing. These are middle income investors and people who will save for retirement. Aging, the demographics are even more severe than they are here in the U.S., so they need these products, they need these solutions. We know government is not in a position to take over these responsibilities in any of these countries, and we know that to date they've embraced very much a private sector approach to solving the problems. But with that, let me throw it over to Luis to add some additional color, John, on those specific countries you cited.
John M. Nadel: Thank you, Dan.
Luis Valds: Thanks, Dan. John, a very good question, indeed, particularly talking about Mexico, Brazil and Chile and where they are at. Three different countries, three different problems, totally different. In Brazil, essentially what we have, we have a country which is certainly fixable that the political crisis is obstructing the economy's recovery. And meanwhile, we're going to live within this economic  political turmoil. It's going to be very difficult that the fiscal adjustment that is really needed is going to go through. So probably we're going to have another year, year and a half that we're going to see this political turmoil that certainly the Brazilians are going to be able to fix this. Whatever is going to be that solution if the Minister of Finance currently, Levy, he knows very well what they have to do but politically speaking, he has to be unleash in order to fix the problem. As I am saying, Brazil is fixable. What Dan said is very important. The fundamentals in Brazil there will remain and the proof of that is that that strong and big and large middle class is the one that is keeping our net customer cash flows in a very positive environment month after month and quarter after quarter. And we continue growing. And if you are looking our results coming from Brazil, and you particularly are paying attention, Brasilprev is putting in nominal terms and in U.S. terms, it's demonstrating a flat result year-over-year in the nine months period ended. It means it has been able to grow at 30% plus year-over-year. The situation for Mexico is a little bit different. The situation is a much more stable economy, very tied to the U.S. economy. So we have to pay a lot of attention about what is going to happen to the U.S. economy and then we're going to have some conclusions about Mexico. Unfortunately, they went through very important reforms, particularly the energy reform, the most important reform, wrong timing. But we will see what is going to happen, but Mexico, we are not  Mexico is in a total different stage. Chile, they have to readjust their economy a little bit. They are highly dependent on the commodity cycle. They have to readjust their macroeconomics, but Chile is still a double A minus country, so they have the highest rating among the emerging countries in Latin America. So our strategy  we remain very clear with our strategy is the right combination between voluntary money and compulsory money and has been proved that is a very solid and sound and successful strategy. And we see that we don't have any reason to start changing our strategy and we remain very confident about the future of our operations in Latin America.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Thanks, John, for your question.
John M. Nadel: Really, really appreciate the color. Thank you so much.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan J. Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First, just a separate follow-up on the international business. It looked like China earnings were up pretty significantly. I was just hoping you could give a little bit of an update on what's going on there and if that's sustainable.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, Ryan, thank you. And, yeah, you're right. This is a quarter that we've called that out. It has increasingly become significant, both from a profitability perspective, net cash flow as well as sales. And so, Luis, you want to go ahead and provide some additional color?
Luis Valds: Yes, absolutely. Ryan, I mean  and again, this is the result of our own strategy. As we have said, we're very much more patient oriented, long-term saving oriented, so our offering and value proposition in all of those markets is in that sense. So as long as we start having this kind of choppy road in China and very volatile market, essentially what is happening is customers are flying into  they fly to quality and they are looking for a safe harbor. And that is exactly what we're offering there. So we're perceived in our JV attached to the CCB, which is the second largest bank in China, we are perceived as a safe harbor. And we have had this tremendous amount of net customer cash flow. So that in essence, in one year, we doubled the size of our company. So we're running a company with $41 billion in total AUMs, and we think that we're going to continue looking and facing that kind of reality. So all these kind of things that happened in China, the wealth management products, and the shadow banking system, it seems to me that money is playing away from that kind of solutions and looking for very serious managers and partners like we are in China.
Ryan J. Krueger: Thanks. Yeah, very helpful. Thank you. And just shifting to FSA, can you talk about the pipeline as well as just generally what you're seeing in terms of plan sponsors and proposal activity and retention levels?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, very good. I'll make a couple overarching comments and then throw that over to Nora Everett to answer some questions. I was reflecting on this in preparation of the call. Just a couple of weeks ago, we hosted roughly 130 of our clients down in Florida. This would have been larger clients, and it's an opportunity to sit down face to face with our client council. It also is an opportunity to spend a couple of days just getting to know them better and to hear their candid views. And I walked away with a few. One was they value what we do significantly. We are making a difference. They increasingly look at us as an outsourced partner to handle matters related to their benefits and in particular as it relates to the retirement plan. I was reminded about how much the relationships matter in this. They are very close to their relationship managers, and we have a long-tenured group of professionals out there that work with our clients every day. Then I also couldn't help but notice during our session regarding investment choice and performance, Jim was there and presented along with other peers or his contemporaries to present our platform. And as you know, we have very strong investment performance which is well received by our clients. And then lastly, it seems like most of the conversation isn't around the funds and fees. It was around what can we help them with as it relates to plan design to get to better outcomes. And maybe with that, I'll just throw it over to Nora to help answer specific questions on the pipeline and outlook for FSA.
Nora Mary Everett: Sure. Good morning, Ryan. We're actually really pleased with the growth and momentum in our pipeline. As you know, we don't give sales guidance, but we're seeing double digit increase in that pipeline. Now, remember, the lifecycle, the sales cycle here can be rather long, so a lot of that we'll see impact in 2016. But we're particularly happy to see that our core SMB and the core SMB space, we're seeing that pipeline build. And we expect typically over half of our new sales AV, account values, to be in that SMB space. So continued success with our alliance firms, continued success with our TPA channel. And in particular, this total retirement suite differentiator of ours, we see that on the sales front and continue to see pretty significant build around that TRS suite. So even though we're not giving sales guidance, I would point you to net cash flow. We expect to meet the guidance we've given between 1% and 3% beginning of the year account value. I would say that, given what we see today, it will likely be the lower end of that range. And there's always the caveat in our business that one or two plan decisions, whether it's timing or something else, can shift that number a bit. So we're always a little bit careful about trying to predict. But with that said, we're really pleased with the growth and momentum in that sales pipeline.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Ryan, thanks for your question.
Ryan J. Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hi. First question is on the actuarial review and the 50 basis point reduction in interest rates. Can you comment on the long end of the curve, where does that put you from an absolute standpoint? What is the absolute rate assumption that you're now using? That's question number one. And then just relatedly, can you talk about the mechanics that resulted in no net charge and the fact that it was favorable overall? What were the other offsets within the assumptions that more than offset the negative impact of interest rates?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Thanks, Tom, for those questions. I'll just have Terry go ahead and respond.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, Tom, this is Terry. On the long end of the interest rates, we look at the 30 years out plus. And as you can do with any actuarial reserve, we try to make our current best estimate of what's going to happen in the future. And none of us have a clear, crystal ball in it, but what we do is we look out and see what the trends are and then make some adjustments. Back in 2012, we looked at the long-term interest rate and lowered it as well and also changed the trajectory of it. But now we're seeing that that interest rate environment is staying longer and longer out into the future. So we looked out 30 years and we lowered our long-term rate by 50 basis points. Now, that is meaningful probably most for the life insurance business. The other businesses have a shorter duration, so when we look at the trajectory to get to that longer term rate, we also took an impact on that and smoothed out or reduced that short-term rate. So the impact that we saw was probably closer in that $25 million to $50 million range. Offsetting that, though, as I mentioned before, we have to look at our current best estimate on all the actuarial balances: reserve, DAC. We have to look at what else is out there in terms of other refinements on how we recognize reinsurance premium, mortality improvement. We looked at revenues, et cetera, and so  and margin out into the future, anything that might affect EGP. So there were more than positive offsets that we have reflected to our experience on the business that we've written in the past and predominantly in the life area. Most of that has been due to prior year experiences. So the current guidance, current GAAP guidance that we're utilizing is to come up with our best estimate where we think it'll be in the future. And as a result, we took a reduction in long-term interest rate, but we backed up these others. So it created a huge amount of noise this quarter, and it varied by different business units, but in large part the lower interest rate environment was a negative, more than offset by our experience adjustments in terms of mortality and other model enhancements. Hopefully, that helps. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) That was helpful, Terry. So after making the 50 basis point reduction and I heard you on the Life Insurance side that was the most impacted business, what is the actual level you are now at when you look at the very long duration interest rate assumption? What is the absolute level right now?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, the absolute level, we probably  we're not going to share that in terms of the absolute level, because there's multiple parts to it. There is the risk free rate. We could use a 10-year Treasury as an example of that. We also look at the spreads that we would price for and what we're getting on our investments, default rates, credit analysis, et cetera. So, there is a lot of things that come into it which we're not going to share in terms of what we think were the absolute rate would be. But just to give you a little bit of color, little color, as I mentioned earlier, the longer term end of the curve that probably affects the life business the most, some of our other businesses have shorter durations. So the shape of the yield curve is very important as well. So if you were to say right now, we would say and just used as a risk-free rate of return for our businesses just as a proxy, but you have to look all along the yield curve, use the 10-year Treasury where it currently is right now. And a 10-year Treasury is around that 2% range. At what we look out into the future is over the next 30 years, it would grade up to probably maybe 25 basis points a year for the next 10 years? Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Right.
Terrance J. Lillis: And your guess is as good as ours. And then it probably remains flat thereafter. So that kind of gives you an idea where we're looking out 10 years, but then on top of that, you have to put our pricing assumptions or spreads that we're getting, et cetera. So that gives you a little bit of a basis point. Was that helpful? Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Okay, thanks. And then just  and just one follow-up question. Just on Hong Kong, I saw earnings came down a bit. And I know you have the acquisition going on there. But I believe you mentioned the restructuring or costs associated with integration were flowing through Corporate other. So can you give a little help on the earnings progression that we're going to see from AXA Hong Kong and timing around that? How that's going to earn in from an earnings contribution standpoint?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, very good. Luis can give you some color on that.
Luis Valds: Okay, Tom. Essentially meanwhile we are going through the integration of AXA for the next quarter. AXA is going to be neutral, if not a little bit negative for Hong Kong. Next year, we're expecting something in the range of $7 million to $7.5 million total impact in our after-tax OE for Hong Kong. Does that help? Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Yes, thank you.
Terrance J. Lillis: Tom, this is Terry. I'm going to add just a little bit. You mentioned in the Corporate segment this quarter, we only included the closing costs associated with that. And then the rest of it in the future will come through Principal International. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Got you. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Okay, thanks for calling in, Tom.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Dargan from Macquarie. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks and good morning. I have a question about your capital deployment strategy. Last year, we saw three different dividend raises over the course of the calendar year. It's been flat at $0.38 over the four quarters this year. You've talked about getting to a 40% payout ratio, I'm just wondering if anything's changed in your thinking?
Daniel Joseph Houston: No, not at all, Sean. And again, thanks for calling in this morning. Our commitment still remains the same relative to our dividend payout. If you look at it over a trailing 12-month basis, it's up 17%. The targeted payout still is right at 40%. I think if you did your math, it's somewhere around 36% today. So it's right well within the range. And that over the course of the next couple of years, we would expect to have the dividend securely at that 40%, absent something dramatic happening. So, hopefully that helps. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. It does. Thanks. And coming back to Principal International, the underlying trends have been okay, I guess, considering what's been going on in the local markets, but the U.S. GAAP results are obviously being obfuscated by the FX headwinds. Have you given any thought to hedging the income statement impact of FX, or is it just too expensive now?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, with that, maybe I'll have Terry go ahead and tackle that question.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah. Sean, this is Terry. As we look at this, we see this as more of a translation issue. The revenue that's generated in the international companies also has expense associated with it at the same currency rate. And so we're really translating it back to the U.S. So if we were to try to hedge this, first off, it would be very expensive because we're in multiple countries. Second, we wouldn't get hedge accounting treatment, so we'd just create some additional volatility. We just see that this is a translation, so that's why we provide the information on a local currency basis as well as try to give the impact of what it would be in terms of mid-teen growth rate. We're probably mid to upper teen growth rate in terms of this business on a local currency basis. Now, that's translation. But when it comes to an economic impact where we actually are moving capital from one jurisdiction to another, we'll make a call and actually hedge that flows so that we do not lose the value at the time that the earnings are generated. So we do make a call in terms of hedging money, but as you've seen, we've generated a lot of earnings outside the U.S. And an example of it is in the Latin America, as you pointed out or as pointed out before, and doing the AXA acquisition in Hong Kong, the money never even got back to the U.S. So we'll make sure that the capital gets appropriately hedged as it goes from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. But in terms of operating earnings, we're just trying to provide a little bit more clarity on a local currency basis and not incur the additional cost for the translation. I hope that helps. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. It does, Terry. Thank you.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Sean, we do spend a lot of time internally modeling these sorts of potential ideas to either hedge or not to hedge. It's not by accident or lack of a lot of thought that gets us to where we're at with our current policies and strategies. And if the dollar should ever weaken and we should see these foreign currencies gain some strength, there is certainly some upside and some tailwind, so thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs.
Mike E. Kovac: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just wondering, given the multiples that we've seen come down in asset managers across the board, how does this change any sort of opportunities that you might see for future M&A?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, very good and I appreciate that. Let me make a couple of comments, then flip it to Jim. We do keep a very active list of those asset classes that we think that could be complementary to our existing platform. We look for potential strategies that would be uncorrelated, that would support our global platform, whether that's for retail or retirement or institutional investors. And again, I think our track record speaks for itself as it relates to our ability to leverage that into either separate accounts or mutual funds, institutionally managed accounts, separately managed accounts, collective investment trust. And so, with that maybe, Jim, you could provide some color on valuations of these properties and where you're going.
James P. McCaughan: Yes, Michael, you are right that multiples on many of the transactions over the last few years have been very high. And if you'd asked me three years ago about the balance between organic and growth by acquisitions, I would have thought three years ago, we'd have done more acquisitions. But in fact, with the high multiples, we have been extremely focused on organic growth and hopefully that will continue to come through the numbers. As regards to one or two recent transactions that lower multiples and the talk of lower multiples, yes, that's something we'll be watching. I would say, though, that the lower multiples have tended to be on firms that don't really have the kind of growth edge that we're looking for in an acquisition. We're looking, as Dan said, for complementary capabilities that we can really work with our clients to use, whichever clients you're talking about, whether it's insurance, full service, the mutual fund company, the international distribution, and we're not seeing that a lot in the companies that are coming through at cheaper multiples. So I don't think it's a step change, but we'll be watching it. And I think on balance, the next three years could see a bit more acquisition opportunities in asset management than the last three did, but I don't feel that it's necessary for us to grow. I think our organic story is sufficiently strong on its own.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Michael, hopefully, you'll be able to join us on our investor workshop on November 6. Jim will probably get into some of those details with more depth and understanding. And some of the obvious questions are, how are you able to maintain such positive net cash flow in an environment where so many of the dollars are going to passive? And I think it has a lot to do with the strategies that were created within the funds business and with Jim's institutional asset management business to work the edges as opposed to going right down the middle on some of these large cap strategies that are tending to migrate towards passive. So again, hopefully, you can join us for that meeting on the 6th of November.
Mike E. Kovac: Yes, great. Looking forward to that.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Okay. Thank you, Michael, for the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Bass from Citigroup.
Erik J. Bass: Hi. Thank you. I just had a couple of follow-up questions on Principal International. First, on the AXA acquisition, I just want to make sure I followed on Luis' comment correctly about the earnings expectations for next year. Was that $7 million to $7.5 million after tax the expectation for the full year or on a quarterly run rate? And thinking that you're putting up about $335 million of capital, if that's the full year impact, it seems like a relatively low ROE.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Okay, thanks, Erik. Luis?
Luis Valds: Yes, Erik. That's a good question. Next year, we're not going to be able to enjoy all the synergies that we're going to enjoy, particularly in 2017. And this is due to many contracts that are tied to the AXA block of business, particularly with best serve and other asset managers. So we're going to transition that block of business in the very first six months of 2016. So in essence, my answer for you is that we're going to enjoy just 50% of those synergies in the first year and full synergies in 2017, Erik.
Erik J. Bass: Got it. Thank you. That helps. And then, Terry, just wanted to follow up on your comments around the impairments. So I think, were you speaking specifically about Claritas of no future impairments that you see on the horizon, or was that about all international acquisitions broadly? And one thing to just clarify there, I'm assuming when you do your test, it's all based on local currency results and currency is not a factor, is that correct?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, that's correct, Erik. This is Terry. The impairments that we did, we look at all the intangibles and goodwill across all of our entities, not just Claritas. Claritas is the one where we actually found an impairment this quarter. But we've looked at every one of them. We scrub every one of them. And we do scrub them on a local currency basis as well, as you pointed out, but across all of our goodwill, all of our intangibles, we found that we have a significant cushion that we are not looking to impair any of those other entities across them. That goes back to entities that we acquired many years ago.
Erik J. Bass: Got it. Thank you. And just a final thing, just following up on the good response to Sean's question, how much of the 65% to 70% of earnings that you talk about is deployable capital? How much of that is contributed from the international business at this point? I guess thinking about it, how much of the cash flow actually gets to the holding company?
Daniel Joseph Houston: Terry, you want to...
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, yeah. If I look at Principal International, it goes to different holding companies. We have a UK holding company. We also have a U.S. holding company. And most of the earnings that are generated out of Principal International come up through that UK holding company or entities there. So for example, the earnings that are generated in the $250 million or above, we'll use some of that for organic growth within those businesses. And we also have a large portion of it available for acquisitions to fund their own acquisitions within Principal International. So, I'd say that it mirrors  the international business mirrors the total company's position in terms of available capital in that two-thirds of the earnings associated with it. The rest is supporting the organic growth that's going on in the different entities, member companies. Hopefully, that helps.
Erik J. Bass: Got it. It does. Thank you very much.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Erik, thanks for calling in.
Operator: Your next question is from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Good morning, Suneet.
Suneet L. Kamath: Thanks. Hey, good morning, guys. So, Terry, I just want to get back to your $1.04 normalized number. Just a couple of things kind of jumped out at me as I was sort of trying to think through the baseline for model projection going forward. It looked like in FSA, the tax rate was once again negative, even if I make the adjustments for the actuarial review and then the market driven expenses. And I thought on the last call, you had kind of guided to more of a 5% to 7% tax rate. So as we think about kind of trending this, I guess, how should we be thinking about getting back to that 5% to 7%, over what sort of period of time?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, thanks, Suneet. First off, I want to say what you need to do in terms of a tax rate, you need to look at the total company. That's where we really focus our attentions, and it's really over a longer period of time than just simply some quarter by quarter distortions that may occur. Now, that being said, the total company effective tax rate is in that 20% to 22% range as we talked about before. But if you go down to one of the biggest reasons for that drop is the dividend benefit that we receive. Now, most of that is concentrated within the Full Service Accumulation line. In this quarter there was a significant negative effective tax rate, as you pointed out. However, if you look at it over a period of time and you adjust for the unlocking, as you said before, the true-ups in the prior year, you're still at a negative rate on a year-to-date basis, albeit it's much lower than  it's just barely negative in terms of an effective tax rate for the full year. So look at it over a longer period of time. Now, that being said, one of the reasons it's negative right now is because you've seen some higher growth, or faster growth, in the dividend received benefit that we get in Full Service Accumulation than on a pre-tax earnings basis. Now, there's a lot of adjustments that you can make in order to get the earnings growth on a pre-tax basis. In 2014, we saw a significant benefit for variable investment income that was at a much higher rate than what we're currently seeing this year. Now why is that? Well, in large part, you look at what was the sentiment back in 2013, that was a rising interest rate environment. So you saw a lot of prepayment activity going on in 2014 that we're not seeing in 2015. So therefore, the pre-tax earnings basis isn't growing as fast as the dividend received basis. Now, as you go into the future, you tell me what's going to happen in terms of the economic environment, in terms of the equity market that's down on a total return basis of  down about 9%. Excuse me, down 1% where we would have expected it to be up 8%. So you've got a good point that we've got a negative effective tax rate at this point in time, albeit I think that it can turn around very quickly and get into that 5% to 7%. So again, we take a longer look at it, don't let the current periods distort it, and then that 5% to 10% is probably still a pretty good number for FSA.
Suneet L. Kamath: Got it.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thanks, Terry, and thank you, Suneet, for the question.
Suneet L. Kamath: I had one follow-up if you have a second.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Oh, please. Go ahead.
Suneet L. Kamath: Yeah, thanks. Again, on the normalizing numbers, I just want to make sure we're kind of keeping score consistently here. Because if I think about that $0.06 that you're sort of adding back from weak markets, when I go back and look at prior periods where you had favorable markets, I would have thought we would have seen an adjustment going the other way. And based on the way that we track this, I didn't see it. So is there something unusual in this quarter that the reason that you're calling out those two? Or in periods of prior strong equity markets, did you have an expense adjustment kind of going the other way that maybe wasn't called out?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, exactly. Suneet, this is Terry again. You're absolutely right. One of the things that we try to do in terms of what we call out is we try to get the end number to what we believe is the appropriate run rate for that business given a more normal environment. There will be periods where we'll have higher variable investment income because of positive markets, and there will be higher expenses that offset that. So we try not to get quite granular as we did this quarter with all the different noise items. This is probably the most adjustments that I've been associated with in any one particular quarter. But we do try to keep that total run rate where we're trying to net to get to an appropriate number. Now, to the point that you made about this quarter being highly unusual, well, we saw the S&P as a proxy for the market being down nearly 7% this quarter. That had an adverse impact on the DAC amortization for both the individual annuity area as well as the Full Service Accumulation area. The Full Service Accumulation is a little bit more abnormal than what we would have normally seen because we've been having volatility in that business, albeit it's not been the magnitude that we saw this quarter. And in large part that is one of the model enhancements that we actually have made at the DAC model on a go-forward basis that had an impact  more than normal adverse impact in this quarter in terms of a reversion to more of a mean rate over a longer period of time. So, yeah, there was some unusual higher than expected, but I would not expect to see that kind of volatility on the Full Service Accumulation line in the future. Now that said, for the individual annuity line with the variable annuity, which is still a relatively small block of business, out of the $516 billion of assets under management, we're talking maybe a $9 billion of variable annuity. There is some volatility associated with that that will continue. But net-net-net, we're trying to get you back to a number that we think whether we can agree to disagree on this, what we think is the appropriate run rate for the business in a particular quarter given the economic environment that we're seeing and where we would expect future quarters to evolve  come from.
Daniel Joseph Houston: And, Suneet, what I would just say is, in closing here, running out of time, is that the 7% negative performance in the quarter for the S&P 500, when we would have anticipated a plus 2%, that's a delta of 9%. We think that's worth calling out. I do think we've tried to bring that out in previous calls, but we'll try to be more consistent for you in doing that where we see outperformance that really does fall out of a significant range. And so we'll tighten that up for you in the future. So again, thank you for the call.
Suneet L. Kamath: Yeah. Much appreciated. Thanks.
Daniel Joseph Houston: I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and appreciate your good questions and your interest and support. We still remain very optimistic about the growth and the strategy here at Principal. We remain confident that the strategy that we have around retirement, investment management and protection will serve our long-term shareholders for many years to come. Hopefully, we'll see many of you at the Investor Day event in New York City on November 6. And with that, good day and safe travels.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, October 30, 2015. 44931486 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056, U.S. and Canadian callers, or 404-537-3406 for international callers. Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President-Investor Relations Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors
Analysts: Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. We would ask that you be respectful of others and limit your questions to one and a follow up, so we can get to everyone in the queue. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's second quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement, and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman, and COO, Dan Houston, and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors, and Luis Valds, Principal International. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we discuss the quarterly financial results, I want to announce an investor workshop we're holding on November 6 in New York City. Jim McCaughan from Principal Global Investors will discuss the benefits of the consolidation for our retail and institutional investment platforms which will further enhance our position as a global leader in the retirement investment management. In addition, our CFO, Terry Lillis, will provide information about enhancements for our financial supplement. The reporting changes will go into effect for our fourth quarter 2015 earnings release which will provide further clarification on the key performance metrics for our revolving and diversified business model. Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll comment on three areas. First, I'll discuss second quarter and year-to-date results at a high-level followed by more detailed comments from Dan and Terry. Second, I'll provide a strategic update including comments on the environment surrounding our businesses. And I'll close with some comments on our capital management strategy. If you turn to slide 4, you'll see the key themes from the quarter. The Principal has shown great consistency in growth of assets under management and operating earnings since the financial crisis. The second quarter was a continuation of these strong results despite macroeconomic headwinds. Operating earnings were $324 million for the quarter, resulting in year-to-date operating earnings of $650 million. This is the 9% increase over the first half of 2014 when you adjust both time periods for normalizing items and foreign exchange rates. For the quarter, total company normalized operating earnings adjusted for foreign exchange rates grew 11% over the year-ago quarter. The strong results this quarter demonstrate the team's outstanding ability to execute on our strategy despite persistent macroeconomic challenges such as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Foreign exchange alone suppressed operating earnings by $12 million compared to the year-ago quarter. Our diversified business model contributes to our overall success and is a differentiator. The second quarter is a great example of that. While we remain focused on growing our less capital-intensive fee businesses, our annuity and insurance businesses also continue to grow and they provide a consistent source of earnings that help in times of volatile macroeconomic conditions. We generated strong underlying growth across the businesses in the second quarter, again demonstrating our ability to strike the right balance of profitability and growth. Second quarter net cash flows of $8.2 billion contributed to year-to-date flows of $17.6 billion driving quarter end assets under management to a record $540 billion. Assets under management were 4% higher than the year-ago quarter, despite a $27 billion negative total company impact from foreign exchange rates. As I have said before, net cash flows and assets under management are leading indicators of future earnings growth. Next, I'll comment on the current operating environment for our businesses and provide some examples of how we continue to position The Principal for long-term growth. Regarding the Department of Labor's proposal to expand the fiduciary rules for the retirement business, as you likely know, the comment period has ended. However, the process is far from complete as regulators, trade organizations, and plan providers continue conversations with the Department of Labor with regard to shaping a future of America's retirement savings system. As an industry leader, The Principal shares the Department of Labor's desire to help Americans achieve a secure retirement. We're particularly concerned that instead of increasing access, the proposed regulation, as presently drafted, would actually diminish participant access to guidance, education, and assistance. As I stated last quarter, and as many others have noted, the proposed regulation will add significant complication to the U.S. retirement plan industry, making it more difficult for individuals to access the professional help they need to better prepare for retirement. The increased complexity will also challenge smaller plan providers to compete against industry leaders like The Principal. I believe the main intent of this proposed regulation is to encourage more in-plan solutions for job changers and retirees. This could result in an improvement over time of our asset retention rates from what is today an industry-leading percentage of 50%. I'll now provide a few updates on the execution of our strategy as we continue to build out our Global Retirement and Asset Management businesses. Our acquisition of AXA's retirement business in Hong Kong is on track to close September 1. The acquisition will add scale to our current business, making us the 5th largest mandatory pension provider in Hong Kong. Importantly, the deal includes a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with AXA's network of more than 4,000 agents. This provides additional opportunities to grow our market share as the mandatory and voluntary pension markets grow in Hong Kong. The success of our distribution partnerships with Banco Brasil and HSBC in Mexico are a good proxy for our ability to partner with marquee distributors and grow market share in key emerging markets. Principal Global Investors will begin to manage larger portions of the assets from the acquired business over time. The breadth of their investment capabilities along with their strong investment performance and established position in Hong Kong adds to the long-term value of this acquisition. The Principal remains the number one provider in Chile for voluntary solutions and recently Cuprum achieved the highest market share among Chilean AFPs. Total voluntary assets under asset management in Chile at the end of the second quarter were 28% higher on a local currency basis compared to the prior year quarter. And year-to-date net cash flows increased 52% over the same period in 2014. This growth speaks to the success of the integration of Cuprum and our competitiveness across the full spectrum of long-term savings products in Chile. Finally, I'll provide an update on capital management. Our capital management strategy remains balanced and aims to increase long-term value for shareholders. We have already announced plans to deploy more than $800 million of capital in 2015 through common stock dividends, stock repurchase authorization, our closing on AXA's pension business in Hong Kong, and increased ownership positions in PGI investment boutiques. In addition, last night, we announced a $0.38 per share common stock dividend payable in the third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our common stock dividend is up 19% over 2014, and our current dividend payout ratio percentage is in the upper-30s. Additionally, our acquisition pipeline remains active across our businesses, and we recently began executing on the $150 million stock repurchase authorization. With the strength of our operating earnings and net income in 2015, we expect to be in the upper end of our $800 million to $1 billion range in 2015. Before turning the call over to Dan, I'd like to call your attention to slide five, which shows third-party recognitions received during the second quarter. I'll point out a few. Attracting and retaining top talent to drive innovation, particularly in technology, is critical in our focus to make it easier for advisors and customers to do business with us. The Principal was recognized by two different publications for our ability to do just that. For the 14th year in a row, Computerworld named The Principal as one of the 100 Best Places to Work in I.T. Additionally, for the 18th time, we placed on InformationWeek's Elite 100, a list of the top business technology innovators in the U.S. Finally, The Principal moved up to number 282 on the Fortune 500 List for 2015. In closing, I remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, profitable growth in the second half of 2015 and beyond despite the challenging macroeconomic environment. We continue to focus on executing our strategy and positioning ourselves for growth to generate long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Dan?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thanks, Larry. Teams drove strong underlying growth across our businesses as we continued to successfully meet the evolving needs of our customers. The following are some examples of strong results from the quarter. I'll comment first on our Global Retirement and long-term saving businesses. Full Service Accumulation continued to drive profitable growth. Second quarter sales of $1.6 billion were 14% higher than the year-ago quarter. The underlying growth metrics and the business remain strong with growth in reoccurring deposits, plan account, and active participants all up for the quarter. This reflects improved employment trends as well as our efforts to continue expanding participation in deferral rates through better plan design. Principal International continues to drive strong growth, with reported assets under management increasing 21% on a local currency basis over the prior year quarter to $118 billion. Including China, total assets under management in Principal International reached a record $152 billion. Strong sales in Brazil, Chile, and Southeast Asia contributed to quarterly net cash flows of $3.6 billion, a 9% increase over second quarter 2014 on a local currency basis. With 27 consecutive quarters of positive net cash flows, Principal International's growth has been remarkable since launching some 25 years ago. Next, I'll comment on our global investment management businesses. In the U.S., Principal Funds remains the 15th largest advisor sold fund family at quarter end with a record $129 billion in account values across the retirement and retail markets. Strong sales of $5.4 billion contributed to Principal Funds' 22nd consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. This growth is coming from multiple distribution channels, including the DCIO channel or investments were placed on other record-keeping platforms. In addition, 47,000 advisors sold a Principal Fund in the first half of 2015, a 23% increase over the first half of 2014. Principal Global Investors ended the second quarter with record total assets under management of $328 billion and record unaffiliated assets under management of $121 billion. Success across multiple asset classes has helped drive total Principal Global Investors' year-to-date net cash flow to $9.5 billion. Underlying this growth are two key components, competitive investment performance and product innovation. 69% of our rated mutual funds have a Four or Five-star Morningstar rating. As slide six shows, at quarter end, 87% of Principal's investment options were in the top two quartiles of the Morningstar rankings on a one-year and three-year basis and 91% were in the top two quartiles on a five-year basis. In April, Lipper rated Principal Global Real Estate Securities Fund as the Best Global Real Estate Fund over the five-year period. Target Date Funds remain an important strategy for retirement savings and are a key competitive differentiator for us. 100% of our Target Date Funds were once again in the top two quartiles of Morningstar rankings across all time periods at quarter end. Offering a variety of innovative retirement income solutions is critical as investors' needs change and they seek outcome-based solutions. Earlier this month, Principal Funds launched the first in a series of actively managed ETFs, the Principal EDGE Active Income ETF, which is traded under the ticker symbol YLD. It seeks to provide investors with income through changing market environments and over market cycles by actively managing risk. This ETF adds to the breadth of our successful income-generating solutions that The Principal offers across a diversified base of outcome-oriented, multi-asset strategies. Through Principal Funds and Principal Global Investors, retirement and retail and institutional investors have access to investment options across a variety of platforms, such as the new ETF, collective investment trust, separate accounts, UCITS, 40 Act funds. Next, I'll provide a few performance highlights from our U.S. spread and protection businesses, which not only provide diversification for our company, but more importantly provide additional retirement savings and protection options that our customers seek. Full-service payout had $700 million of sales in the second quarter. The sales pipeline is active, yet we remain opportunistic and look for business that will drive expected returns in the mid-teens. Our ability to handle more complex plan design makes The Principal a key competitor in this market. Specialty Benefits had strong premium and fee growth of 9% on a trailing 12-month basis compared to the same period a year ago. The loss ratio improved from the prior-year quarter and remains at low-end of our target range. Employee benefits are a priority for businesses and our diversified portfolio continues to resonate and the market is reflected by above-market growth and excellent retention. This, along with our strong financial performance, makes The Principal a key player in this business. Individual Life grew premium and fees 5% on a trailing 12-month basis. The business market drove 56% of year-to-date sales as we remain disciplined and execute on our target market segment strategy. In closing, I'm exceptionally pleased with the team's ability to consistently meet our customers' needs and drive growth across our businesses. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dan. Second quarter earnings were strong despite ongoing macroeconomic challenges, providing momentum going into the second half of the year. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income, including performance of the investment portfolio, and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. Total company operating earnings in second quarter were $324 million, flat compared to reported earnings in the year-ago quarter. The strengthening U.S. dollar and the added expenses to redeem our preferred shares masked the strength of second quarter 2015 earnings. Net revenues increased 6% over the year-ago quarter, despite the headwinds. At the end of the second quarter, return on equity excluding AOCI improved 50 basis points from the year ago to 13.8%. When we adjust the average equity for exchange rate movements, the return on equity was 14.7%, up 100 basis points from a year ago. Moving to slide 7. We normalized reported second quarter 2015 earnings per share of $1.09, up $0.01 to $1.10. The following items impacted earnings per share in the quarter. Higher than expected variable investment income benefited Individual Annuities by $0.01. And the Corporate segment was negatively impacted by an additional $10 million of expenses related to the redemption of our preferred stock during the quarter. This was partially offset by the timing of certain expenses. The net impact to Corporate was a negative $0.02. Lower than expected encaje returns in Principal International were partially offset by higher than expected inflation. The net result did not impact total company earnings per share for the quarter. After normalizing both periods, earnings per share increased 7% over the year-ago quarter, despite the negative impact from foreign exchange rates. If we adjust for the impact of foreign exchange, earnings per share increased 11%. Now, I'll discuss some of the business unit results starting on slide 8. The Accumulation businesses within Retirement and Investor Services reported record operating earnings of $190 million. Normalizing both quarters, operating earnings increased 6%. Trailing 12-month pre-tax return on net revenue of 33% continues to be at the high-end of the stated range for the year. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings were $116 million in the second quarter, flat compared to reported year-ago quarter. Net cash flows were higher than the year-ago quarter due to strong sales of $1.6 billion, recurring deposit growth of 7% over the prior year, and excellent retention rates. This growth drove higher fee-based revenues in the quarter. Trailing 12-month pre-tax return on net revenue is an industry-leading 33%. The tax rate for the quarter was below our long-term range as dividends received continue to outpace pre-tax earnings growth. Principal Funds' second quarter operating earnings were a record $29 million, a 14% increase over the year-ago quarter. Sales of $5.4 billion were up 15% from the year-ago quarter, contributing to industry-leading net cash flows. On a trailing 12-month basis, our pre-tax return on adjusted revenue is 35%. Individual Annuities reported operating earnings of $38 million including $3 million of higher than expected variable investment income. Normalized operating earnings increased 8% over the year-ago quarter. Growth in variable and income annuities more than offset spread compression on our fixed deferred block. Net revenues of $118 million were up 17% from the year-ago quarter, driven by strong sales. We anticipate quarterly operating earnings for the rest of 2015 to be in the $32 million to $36 million range. Turning to slide 10. Principal Global Investors operating earnings for the quarter were $32 million, this is a 15% increase from the year-ago quarter. Trailing 12-month pre-tax margin grew to 27% compared to the reported 25% in the year-ago quarter as we continue to add scale. The investments we've made in building out our global distribution platform are taking hold, and we see a strong and diversified pipeline. Slide 11 shows reported quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $59 million. This quarter's lower than expected encaje returns were partially offset by higher than expected inflation. On a local currency basis and normalizing for encaje and inflation, operating earnings at mid-teen growth over the year-ago quarter. Combined net revenue grew 19% on a local currency basis. This strong performance, despite the macroeconomic challenges within the markets we operate, demonstrates the opportunities generated by helping our customers with their long-term savings needs. Turning to U.S. Insurance Solutions, operating earnings were a strong $59 million, a 20% increased over the year-ago quarter. As shown on slide 12, Individual Life operating earnings of $26 million were a 32% increase over the year-ago quarter due to improved mortality. Turning to slide 13. Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $33 million were 12% higher than the second quarter 2014. Premium and fees were up 8% over the year-ago quarter due to strong retention and year-to-date sales. The loss ratio of 65% remains at the low-end of our targeted range. Our Specialty Benefits division continues to provide essential protection solutions to customers in our core markets in small- to mid-sized businesses and has performed consistently well. Corporate operating losses were $42 million. The successful redemption of our preferred stock temporarily increased expenses in the quarter, but will provide future benefit through interest expense savings. In the near-term, these savings will be partially offset by projected closing costs associated with the AXA transaction. We still anticipate full-year Corporate operating losses to be in the previously announced range of $130 million to $150 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $241 million, including realized capital losses of $83 million. In second quarter 2015, our credit-related losses of $2 million are significantly better than our pricing assumptions. The realized capital losses were predominantly related to hedging activities associated with the longer duration, Full Service Payout and Individual Annuity products. We utilized derivatives on a daily basis to match the duration of our assets to liabilities. If interest rates rise like in second quarter, the value of our hedges decline. However, our strong asset liability management will result in the decline being offset when we invest in higher yielding assets. Similarly, changes in net unrealized gains or losses due to interest rate movements do not result in an economic impact. Our asset liability management expertise combined with strong liquidity allows us to avoid forced asset sales in periods of stress. Our capital deployment strategy is flexible with multiple options, including dividends, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases, all aimed at increasing long-term shareholder value. As shown on slide 14, in the second quarter we paid a $0.38 common stock dividend and we announced last night a $0.38 dividend payable in the third quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, the common stock dividend is 22% higher than the same period a year ago. Our 2015 expected capital deployments range includes $335 million already announced for the AXA Hong Kong pension business acquisition, which should close on September 1. Additionally, we increased our ownership in PGI boutiques for a total investment of $20 million. As previously announced, our board of directors authorized a $150 million share repurchase program in first quarter 2015. Although we did not execute on this program during second quarter as we focused on debt refinancing, we are now repurchasing shares. In closing, we're extremely pleased with the continued momentum driven by our teams' proven ability to execute, positioning us for future growth in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. Terry, can you give a bit more detail on the expected amount of AXA closing costs and the timing of when those will hit?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ryan. I'll just have that go to Terry.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Ryan, what we talk about in terms of the closing costs or any expenses that run through the Corporate segment, we look at a long-term basis. And we think that for the year we stated that $130 million to $150 million was going to be that number. Now, to-date, we have looked at a little higher costs and that includes the acquisition costs associated with AXA or any other business. It also included the costs associated with the preferred shares that we called this year. So we think that the run rate in the subsequent quarter will be about the same as it would have been that $32 million to $37 million range. Now, that being said, the AXA costs will probably come in, in the fourth quarter  excuse me, in the third quarter. We expect that to close on September 1. But we are going to have savings from the preferred share calls as well. So we think that that run rate will be about the same for Corporate in the third quarter as it has been in the past. We haven't really called out any AXA acquisition costs per se. Hope that helps?
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, got it. Yeah, it does. And then shifting to PGI, could you talk a little bit more about the underlying drivers of the strong flows, and as well as how does the pipeline look at this point?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Ryan. I'll have Jim comment. But what I would say is it's great to see when it is across multiple asset classes and multiple boutiques, which it frankly has been and continues to be and we certainly saw in the second quarter. But I'll have Jim give you a little more detail.
James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors: Yeah, thanks, Ryan. If you look at the flows, as Larry said, they have been quite diversified. We've seen strong institutional flows actually around the world in fixed income into investment grade credit, into high yield both in (28:29) Principal Global Fixed Income and into preferred securities. So there's been quite a strong development of the fixed income assets in the institutional market, which is an interesting contrast actually to the U.S. retail platform where actually the movement has been more towards equities and to real assets. So that would be part of it. We've seen very strong interest in our real estate, both private real estate where I think it was public that (29:05), one of the biggest investors in Australia, is using us as their private real estate people in the U.S. And other clients have been pretty good to us in private real estate. And we are stepping up our game there actually and doing much bigger deals in gateway cities, which are actually doing, in economic terms, relatively better than a lot of the country. Also in real estate, REIT has been a successful capability, and over the last six or seven years we've developed into a leader in global REITs. Equities, the net flows have been much less because the market has had less appetite to grow equities in the institutional market. But on the balance, we've been doing some quite good, positive things there. So it's across the board and that actually is a very important objective of ours because you really want to be guarded against any kind of rotation. And in the institutional market, we feel we are very well guarded against that.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: And can you just comment on the pipeline as you look forward to the rest of the year?
James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors: Yeah, sorry, Ryan. We do monitor the pipeline in real terms. I see all the large ones because we put them through a fee committee if they are asking for a discount on our ADV skills. That means senior management tends to have a pretty good finger on the pulse of the large mandates. And I can tell you we've been busier than ever in the last few months there. It doesn't mean that there's any $1 billion mandates coming in, but there's plenty of $200 million and $300 million mandates. Sales year-to-date have been well up on last year, and the current activity in the institutional market makes us feel very confident about the second half.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And just as one additional data point, Ryan, I think if you look at PGI's institutional sales and of course again sometimes there's a sort of lag coming in, I think there's a little over $2 billion in their sales pipeline that has not yet come in. So we expect that will come in over the next few quarters.
Ryan J. Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thank you. This quarter, you had about $200 million or a little bit more of net debt issuance. Is this something that we should think of as potentially deployable capital that could take you above the $800 million to $1 billion target you have for 2015?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Erik. This is Larry. First of all, of course, we were excited to have the opportunity to lower our overall cost of interest through the kind of restructure with the senior debt and junior subordinate is and then taken out the preferreds. As you noted, the net there was about $250 million. And really there wasn't  I mean, the primary thinking there was simply that the market opportunity was very great. There was tremendous demand for each of those two tranches, and it just seems like a very good time to be in the market. We don't necessarily have a plan as we sit here today for that $250 million, but, as I said in my comments, there is kind of a steady flow of opportunities that come along. So while I don't forecast or expect that we'll be deploying that in the near near-term, I do think over time if we can find an interesting opportunity, it obviously gives us just a little more cushion. So we feel good about that.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then, Larry, if you could maybe go into a little bit more detail on your comments around the DOL rules potentially leading to higher asset retention rates over time, just maybe why you think this could be the case?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, first of all, again, I've been around a very long time, as you know, Erik, and I've seen about 40 different legislative or regulatory changes, although I would be the first to say this one is of more significance than most. But it seems to me  it seems to me that the primary area here that the DOL seems to have some concern about is, with respect to what happens with retirement assets when a benefit event occurs. And while Principal has been a bit of an exception to the industry, when you look at the industry, a very high percentage of those assets at benefit events, so if a person terminates or retires, at benefit event those assets go into a rollover IRA. Now, I think there's plenty of very logical reasons why that happens because usually at that point that person at benefit event wants to move into a more individualized or retail relationship and a rollover IRA is a great fit, but what the DOL proposal would do is clearly put up, what I referred to, as sort of some flashing yellow lights around that; in other words, a significant amount of transparency and disclosure, a signing of some additional forms, et cetera, et cetera. So I think if Principal can continue to be creative with our in-plan solutions, I think the easier path for benefit event going forward, the easier path could well be to find a way to keep those assets inside the plan, but in enough of a separate mode, if you will, that individuals who terminate or retire will feel comfortable doing that. And we've got a team that's working really hard on that. And I'm sure they're going to come up with great ideas. So I think that's what is going to potentially lead to improved asset retention over time, is simply that the balance changes and it isn't so automatic that the money goes into a rollover IRA, there'll now be more equivalence between moving to rollover IRA or staying inside the plan, and I think that's a big opportunity for us.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. Thank you. Appreciate the comments.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everybody. Terry, a quick numbers question for you. Talking last night with Brenda (35:24) about the FSA tax rate being so low, and you noted it was lower than you expected because of the DRD. I don't expect dividends for corporate America to go down anytime soon. Is it possible that the tax rate FSA stays lower for longer than you would have ever expected?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Steven. One of the things that I think it's pretty important is to look at the effective tax rate at the total company level, rather than any individual business units, albeit I'll answer your question in a second here. But I do think that you'll see distortions that could occur in any particular period, so we do take a longer look at this. And so, one of the things that we believe that the effective tax rate for Principal in the total is probably in that 20% to 22% range, now that takes into consideration the DRD that you mentioned, also foreign tax credits that we would get from our international operation, and also some accounting noises that we're getting here. But one of the things associated with the DRD is that right now we see that we're getting a bigger benefit than we would have normally seen, and because as you mentioned, companies are paying more dividends now than they were. Now, is that trend going to reverse in the future? We all have our opinion about that. And I don't think that that's really going to be the case. But I think another thing that's probably maybe as significant for us is the investments that we have, and what we're seeing. Those investments that are selected by advisors or individuals are moving more towards Principal-branded funds because of the strong performance that we've had as well as the target date which is a solution for them. So that being said, it could be sustainable in the near future. However, long-term, long-term I don't think that that should be the case. Because I think our pre-tax earnings will grow faster than the dividends that are being paid. I mean we're also seeing that the investment strategy will change to non-equity U.S. domestic equity investments, and we have a lot of opportunities. And you're also seeing that the businesses outside of the U.S. or the life company are growing faster. So I do think that in the near-term, it could be very sustainable. In the long-term, we're not looking at it as being this low for the Full Service Accumulation segment. So 5% to 7% is still probably a pretty good estimate for that business.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hope that helps?
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, it did. And then following up for Dan. Terry, you mentioned the amount of proprietary business that you're doing, you've got the DOL. Could you tell us of the  was it the $1.6 billion of sales in FSA, how much of that was done through proprietary distribution?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yeah. Proprietary distribution or proprietary investment options?
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Dan, are you there?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yes. Can you hear me? Steven, can you hear me?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Take them both. Yeah, go ahead.
Operator: His line's disconnected, sir.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, just go.
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Okay. I'll go ahead and answer the question even though it looks like Steven may have dropped off. So, two things. We get about 5% of our asset flows through our proprietary distribution. We receive about 10% of our case counts comes through proprietary distribution. But, again, as Larry was outlining his comments on DOL, we don't think that's going to have a measurable impact on how we go about continuing to support the Principal advisor network in the future. We have had a strong history in the past of selling our plans with and without proprietary investment options. And, again, we don't see that becoming a challenge, nor do I see it becoming a substantial issue that will require adequate disclosure as we retain assets that benefiting for those people who are changing jobs or retiring.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And this is Larry. And to the extent that Steven was asking about deposits, what I can say is that, so far, about 60% of our deposits into the Full Service Accumulation business go into kind of Principal proprietary or multi-boutique manufactured solutions. So, again, that's a strong number, but when you have virtually 90% of your investment options in the top half of the Morningstar peer rankings on a one, three, and five-year basis, I think that's very, very well earned. So, it's certainly is one of the differentiators is our ability to drive assets into proprietary options.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Colin Devine with Jefferies.
Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. A couple of quick questions. Just exploring the DOL situation a little bit more, Larry, and I know it's hard to put a  much of a hard number on this, but if one outcome was you saw a reduction in proprietary funds in your plans, so let's say they were down 10%, how significant, if you can give us some idea, would that be for PFG's earnings? That would be the first question.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, to be candid, Colin, I don't have a numerical number for you. And that's not really at this point, to be honest, anything that we've modeled in particular. I think that it's been clear to me  now, others may have a different opinion, but it is clear to me that the focus here isn't really around proprietary assets. And certainly the PGI options are very much standing the test of time with respect to performance and appropriateness for retirement plan investing. So, if for some reason that were to, again, have a higher threshold with respect to your own proprietary assets, which I think we can meet any threshold, but we'll do the same thing we've done for the other 40 legislative regulatory changes. We'll take a look at it, we'll adjust, we'll adapt, we'll find a path forward and net-net, Colin, as I said in my comments, I really believe that what's going to continue to happen is market share is going to continue to move from second and third tier providers to first tier providers. And I certainly consider Principal in that top tier.
James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management & Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors: And Colin, can I add, please, to what Larry said. If we did get into a situation, and reiterating we don't expect it, where some unexpected feature of the DOL changes led to headwinds for our proprietary assets and to our Full Service Accumulation, then you would be in a situation where there was a huge opportunity on other people's platforms for our strongly performing investment options with very strong multi-asset and outcome oriented capabilities. So the situation you outlined could actually be a really good one for us given the choices we would have on other platforms.
Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you for the comments on that. Because I think that certainly is one risk that people foresee is out there. Changing the subject a little bit with the DOL, if we look about what  and frankly, what you're doing right now in terms of in-plan annuities, can you talk a bit about the potential for that? Are you starting to see any measurable take-up on the sort of qualified life annuities?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I can have Dan comment, too. I would say, first, with the direct question you asked with respect to the qualified life annuities, Colin, I think there's  it's fair to say there's interest, but there's not really much in the way of actual usage of that at the moment. And I don't think it has anything to do with DOL or retirement plans. I think it has to do with the low level of interest rates. So I think that's really a question of if and when interest rates increase, then I think there would be more consideration of that option. Obviously we put a full or will put and are putting a full array of in-plan solutions and have had for years, frankly, a full array of in-plan solutions inside of our qualified plans. And that includes all the way from, of course, at benefit events simply leaving in a personal retirement account. Again, it's kind of a quasi-separation from retirement plan. So that's more of an individual relationship, but the plan assets are still in-plan. It includes opportunities for systematic withdrawal for retirees, so if retirees decide they don't want to buy a fully guaranteed life annuity but they want to get systematic withdrawals, we can do that. Or, as we just said, we can buy some portion of the account or all of it can buy a life annuity. So we really have that full range today, and while we'll continue to look at that and enhance that, I think that's really where our opportunity lies. So, Dan, any further comment?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Really well said. And I think, Colin, the reality is most individuals during the accumulation phase aren't thinking how they're going to draw it down or what the payout period looks like. So in-plan really I think starts morphing into at benefit event. I'm a job changer, I'm a retiree, what are my options? And so maybe five year, seven years leading up to that important date, 55, 57, 62, 65, or 67, whatever the appropriate age is, that person wants to see options. Now the good news is the way Jim manages the money, most of what we're managing is long-term retirement savings oriented strategy. So whether it is a systemic draw-down, whether it's the purchasing of an income annuity, whether it's the retaining the money within the plan to  and many times experience a lower overall administrative cost and investment management fee, there are so many different choices for that participant to make, which really now ties us back to the DOL. We've got to be in a position where we can have a substantive conversation with someone nearing retirement on what their options are. And to-date, as you know, we've been quite successful in retaining about 50% of those assets because of our ability to have that information and have those conversations.
Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Now I have two final ones. M&A is clearly the topic of the day perhaps. As we look at look at the group business, Larry, Dan, what StanCorp went for (46:10), obviously your group business is doing very well. But it's not necessarily core to your retirement business. Does this give you pause to sort of rethink that? With that, is there any update perhaps you could share on where your largest shareholder stands in terms of Nippon Life? And then one other one for Larry. With respect to retirement at Principal, is it mandatory at 65? I appreciate you're sort of within a year of this now.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Colin.
Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC: It's got to be asked at some point, Larry, I know.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, yeah. And the company might be the better for it, Colin. We'll see. With respect to the group business, again, appreciate your question. I would say the group business is really is strategic for us and offers a lot of really competitive advantages for us. It certainly continues to introduce us to a lot of brokers. It's very key for small-medium business, which is really the heart of our strategy. And probably as important in an element we don't necessarily give as much commentary about is, as I said in my comments, it is a great diversifier. And so from an overall company perspective, the quarter-by-quarter stability and the fact that the things that drive the group insurance business are not the things that drive fee-based businesses, we think is a real advantage for the company. So I know the board is very happy with how that business has been run. We have a tremendous team there led by Deanna Strable, and of course Dan as well. And I foresee us continuing to grow our market share in the group business and in the voluntary business. With respect to Nippon Life, I mean, they have been a large share  they've been a meaningful shareholder, but that's a 25-year relationship. And so it really just reflects a long-term view I think on their part and a good relationship between our two companies. But at the end of the day, we are executing on businesses, the retirement business, the mutual fund business, the asset management businesses that are not really consistent with the businesses that Nippon Life has been in historically and continues to have an interest in, which is almost exclusively the insurance business. So I would say that, in that sense, there isn't maybe as much carryover there as one might expect. Obviously our strategy is to remain independent. We've had a great track record since the period of time we've been public. Our board is very, very happy and supportive of our strategy and the execution. With respect to retirement here at Principal, I think it is true that Larry is the only one, I believe, that is  that has a retirement age of 65. So I think it doesn't apply generally, but I believe the way our bylaws are constituted, the CEO is required to retire at 65. Now I suppose, like all things, that could be subject to change, but I don't expect it. The one thing I'm proudest about of this company is the very strong, very deep bench and talent that we have here. And just as Barry and Dave Drury and Dave Hurd, who were strong CEOs in their time and hopefully Larry's done a decent job. The ones that'll come after Larry will do an equally and probably even better job than that. So that's not anything I stay awake at night and worry about.
Colin W. Devine - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. And I think they'll have a tough act to follow, but thanks.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Colin. Appreciate the words.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I'd like to follow up on the theme of the Department of Labor and maybe specifically more so related to the seller's carve-out and the platform provider carve-out. I understand this is a fluid situation in terms of how the rules develop, but as written, what's your interpretation of the platform carve-out and how much of the business, particularly in the small case might apply to that exemption?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Seth, this is Larry. I'll just have Dan comment on that.
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yeah, Seth. Thanks for the question. And frankly, I think again, it's way too early to speculate. There's a lot of ground to still cover, not just about the carve-out but the balance of the regs that have been presented. And so when I think about this topic, I really start at the top and think about the DOL. They don't want to see workplace retirements to go away. There's no question in my mind about that. The second is if you look at the workplace retirement savings in the past, there's $22.5 trillion that's now been saved in the public and the private sector between DB and DC. Of that, $15 billion is defined contribution and IRAs, rollover IRAs for the most part, that's $15 trillion that have been saved in a voluntary system primarily through the workplace. You can look at the last few years, there's better plan designs that should improve coverage and adequacy. Advisors clearly have contributed in a meaningful way to the success of the workplace retirement plans as we know them today. And the reality is the average American worker needs advice and guidance and left to their own devices that are somehow relying purely on technology as a way to save for retirement, it won't get it done. So whether it's the carve-out exemption or half a dozen of the other provisions within the proposed regulations, I think we have very good facts to back up the position that what we have today is working quite well. I think about  just in the case of the smaller plans, they're probably in the greatest need for the advisor. And in the greatest need for a company representative to come out and appropriately design a plan. And so to the extent that the decision-making, and I would tell you today the vast majority of the decisions for large, medium, and small plans, they bifurcate very much their decision based upon the record keeping administrative services and then separately from the investments. And no doubt the DOL will ultimately and again if you read Secretary Perez's comments from his testimony earlier this week, he wants to work with industry. He wants to find ways to do this. And so when it gets down to the investment options, clear, adequate disclosure as we have in the past, transparency about the fees, transparency about of the mechanics of these plans, I think will allow us to end up with a set of final regs that won't significantly disrupt the way in which advisors and a company like Principal currently provide plan services to small employers. Hopefully that helps.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That does. And if I could just follow up on the topics of proprietary products, and I appreciate the commentary in terms of leading performance of Principal products and appropriateness of those suggestions. Just to be explicit about it, as currently sold, do agents  are agents' compensation directly tied to the uptake of proprietary products or is it completely independent of uptake of Principal's products among plan participants?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: It's levelized commissions. It doesn't differentiate.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's levelized commissions and proprietary or other assets are not a factor in terms of any compensation for the financial advisor.
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I would say, Seth, to this point, and I appreciate the question, we're winning investment mandates because we got 91% of our investment options in the top two quartile rankings of Morningstar, that is just lights out performance for five year. One and three year kind of in that 87% plus. And, again, I can't emphasize enough, we've been in an open architecture choice environment for a decade. And employers know that, participants know that, and certainly the advisors know that. So, again, I don't think there's any sort of  because Principal provided the record keeping administration, they "had to take the proprietary options". They're separate decisions and, again, it's strong performance. And, frankly, strong performance across a broad set of asset classes made available. We've got 100% of our target date series in the top two quartiles. And, again, that's going to capture about a one-third of the assets. So, it will be open architecture, it's going to continue to be competitive. And even with the DOL, we'll have to continue to adequately represent the product for what the cost is and what the performance is.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Appreciate the comments.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to start on the share repurchase program and just the way that you guys talk about capital deployment. So, the $150 million board authorization, so that is what you are committing to do in 2015?
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't have any fixed period on that, Suneet. So, as we said in the opening comments, we are or have in the third quarter repurchased a very modest amount of shares with respect to that part of the authorization. But our strategies are always kind of open-ended with respect to that and it's very situational based on what we think is the most effective use of the capital at the time we put it to work.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And then when we think about the benefit event that you talked about with respect to the FSA business and 401(k) rollovers, what  and maybe you answered this and I just missed it, but what percentage of the money in motion at those events goes into either a Principal Fund or a Principal Annuity, be it fixed or variable?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think what you're asking there, Suneet, is kind of what percentage  so, again, we retain about 50% of assets at benefit event. And then part of that question is how much of it ultimately, I think, finds its way into, I will say a rollover IRA at Principal where it might go into an individual annuity or a mutual fund. As a respect of  again, one of the very popular options is what we called the personal retirement account, where the person simply continues to leave their assets invested as they were often prior to retirement. And their sort of account is walled off in terms of personal retirement account. And that is the single most popular choice at benefit event. And then they can make subsequent decisions on that. So, Dan, comments on how much is PRA versus goes into other retail products?
Daniel J. Houston - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: It's about half and half.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: About half and half.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And then just the last thing for Terry on the increase in annuity earnings run rate. I think if I think back to what prior guidance was it looks like maybe a 10% increase midpoint to midpoint. Account value growth has been much lower than that, 10% I think it's been more like 2%. So is there anything going on there that's giving you the confidence to raise your earnings guidance, especially given the interest rate environment remains challenging?
Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Suneet, there's three different types of businesses within our Individual Annuity. You have the variable business that we sell through our proprietary network. We also have immediate or income annuities that we sell through a couple of different channels and then the fixed deferred annuity is also sold through bank channels. Now that fixed deferred annuity you're seeing spread compression in that, and so that's really been kind of a drag on operating earnings over the last few years. And it's really declined from probably closer to 60% to 70% of the account value. Now it's down in that 40% range. You're seeing a growth in the variable at a bigger pace. Now, that variable annuity is, again, it's probably closer to 45% of the account value, and probably closer to 50% of the earnings of that business. And that's growing at a little bit faster pace as well. Now, the third piece that I mentioned was the income annuities, and we've had a pretty nice, steady run on that business again; and that business, albeit, it's only probably around 10% of the account values and maybe 15% of the earnings. But those two, income and variable annuities, are growing faster than the fixed deferred annuity piece. And that's why we're seeing a little bit more of an uptick in that run rate for that business. Albeit, this quarter, we did have some strong variable investment income that we had called out, so that's why we thought that $32 million to $36 million is a good run rate for that business. Hope that helps.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, it does. Thanks.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please.
Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, everybody, for joining us for the call today. We're very, very pleased with our performance in second quarter, and frankly, our performance over the recent quarters and certainly in 2015. And we look forward to continuing that business momentum going forward. So thanks again for listening. Hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time until the end of the day, July 31, 2015. 71099087 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for International callers.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP, IR Larry Zimpleman - Chairman and CEO Dan Houston - President and COO Terry Lillis - EVP and CFO Jim McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management and CEO, Principal Global Investors Luis Valds - President, Principal International Tim Dunbar - EVP and CIO
Analysts: Sean Dargan - Macquarie Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Erik Bass - Citigroup Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Ryan Krueger - KBW
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period, after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's first quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our Web site at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; COO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valds, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The Company does not revise them or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll comment on three areas; first, I'll discuss first quarter results at a high level followed by more detailed comments from Dan and Terry; second, I'll comment on the environments surrounding our businesses and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As Slide 4 shows the Principal delivered strong results in the first quarter. First quarter operating earnings of $326 million were up 3% over the year ago quarter and are the second highest quarterly earnings on record in what is normally a seasonally low quarter, this compares to a very strong year ago quarter that benefited from large real estate sales and higher prepayments which contributed to higher variable investment income across the businesses. Persistent macroeconomic factors including low interest rates, strengthening U.S. dollar and low inflation all massed excellent results in the first quarter. If you adjust for these macroeconomic factors, operating earnings growth would have been in the 10% to 12% range over the year ago quarter, demonstrating the strength of our teams ability to execute. On a trailing 12 month basis, operating earnings grew 16% over the same period a year ago. Our ability to generate above market earnings growth, speaks to the strength of the fundamentals of our business and the power of our diversified business model. The first quarter was a good demonstration of our ability to strike the right balance of growth and profitability. Total company net cash flows of $9 billion in a quarter, were double the year ago net cash flows and contributed to record assets under management of $530 billion. Assets under management increased 7% over the year ago quarter, despite a $25 billion negative impact from foreign exchange rates. As I have said before net cash flows and assets under management are leading indicators of future earnings growth. Next, I'll comment on the current operating environment for our businesses and some positive developments we see contributing to our growing momentum. The Principal is the leader in retirement and asset management, and we are passionate about helping people save and invest to meet their long-term financial needs. Throughout my 43 year career, I've served on many industry committees that focused on ensuring that we have an environment conducive to helping people prepare for retirement. I along with other members of Principals leadership team have met with leaders in Washington and around the world, many times to advocate a system that works to benefit those who need it most, middle and lower income workers. Since, ERISA was passed in 1974 I've seen approximately 40 different pieces of retirement legislation and regulation. The latest is the recent Department of Labor proposal potentially redefining the fiduciary rules for operating in the retirement business. While it's too early to know the precise impact of these proposed regulations and while Ill acknowledge there could be challenges I'll offer two initial observations; first, this proposed regulation will continue to further complicate the U.S. retirement plan industry. This increased complexity will continue the 30 year trend of market share shifting from second and third tier players the recognized leaders like the Principal; second, it's clear that the underlying intent of the proposed regulation is to encourage more in plan solutions for job changers and retirees. This should improve our asset retention rates overtime from what is today an industry-leading percentage of 50% to 52%. I believe the net impact of the proposed regulation will shift some of the influence from the advisor and brokerage firm to the retirement services provider. Our value proposition as a total retirement solutions provider remains a key differentiator for advisors and for plan sponsors. Our focus on helping plan participants take the appropriate actions to save for retirement and our ability to serve plans of all sizes garners high client satisfaction scores year-over-year. We've received an average overall satisfaction score of 95% over the last three years in plan sponsor surveys conducted by Chatham Partners and the Principal, contributing to industry-leading retention rates. We will not waiver in our commitment to provide a industry-leading total retirement plan solutions, including new and innovative in plan solutions and to working with advisors who share our goal of helping people save. Our established infrastructure of locally deployed and experienced sales and service professionals and strong advisor relationships are not easily replicated by new entrants into the markets we serve. As a global asset management leader we continue to also provide investors around the world the outcomes-based investment solutions they seek. Despite a general shift to more passive strategies among institutional investors were still seeing strong interest in our fund line up that focuses on alpha generating strategies, continued strong investment performance and a broad platform of outcomes-based investment options drove nearly $5 billion of net cash flows in Principal Global Investors and Principal Funds in the first quarter. As you know Principal International has become an increasingly important part of our growth strategy. Last month many of you took the opportunity to attend our investor event in San Diego Chile or listened to the Web cast. We hoped you came away with a much greater understanding of the power and long-term growth opportunity of our Latin American operations. The Principal's long time retirement expertise combined with marquee distribution partners in those countries uniquely positions us to capitalize on the tremendous opportunity created by the undeniable savings needs of the fast growing middle class in those countries. The management teams in Brazil, Chile and Mexico are keenly focused on being a leading retirement and asset management provider in these key markets. Cuprum continues to perform exceptionally well and remains a leading pension provider in Chile. The opportunities in the voluntary market are taking hold as well with Cuprum in the top spot for voluntary market share among Chile and AFP providers. Voluntary sales in Chile increased 33% over the prior year quarter on a local currency basis. The success of Cuprum is further validation of the strength of our acquisition strategy Brazil perhaps was market-leading. Trailing 12 month net cash flows in PGBL and VGBL were 53% of the industry at the end of the first quarter. This contributed to the Company recently capturing the highest market share by total assets under management as well, according to third-party sourced data. Our leadership positions in Latin America and increasing presence in Asia are proofs that global expansion strategy we put into play more than a decade ago is absolutely the right one for long-term growth. Finally I will provide an update on capital management. Our fee based business model allows us to generate free cash flow and strategically deploy it to create long-term value for shareholders. We've remained well-positioned to deploy capital through a variety of options in addition to supporting organic growth. Through the first quarter we've already announced plans to deploy more than $700 million of capital in 2015 on common stock dividend increases, a stock repurchase authorization announced in the first quarter and our planned purchase of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong which is on-track to close in the second half of the year. Last night we announced a $0.38 per share common stock dividend payable in the second quarter. A 6% increase over the prior quarter which is the eighth increase in the last 12 quarters. Additionally, the merger and acquisition pipeline remains active with selective opportunities to further enhance our global retirement and investment management platform. Before I turn the call over to Dan I want to highlight one award that Principal received in the quarter which in my view is one of the more important recognitions we've received. The Ethisphere Institute recognized the Principal as one of the 2015 world's most ethical companies. The designation recognized our efforts to conduct business by fostering a culture of ethics and transparency at every level of the Company which drives quality for our customers, timely information for our shareholders and deep involvement in our communities. In closing I remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth throughout 2015 and beyond despite the challenging macroeconomic environment. The Principal remains well-positioned for continued growth with proven success and a unique business model that positions us to provide long-term value for our customers and our shareholders. Dan?
Dan Houston: Thanks Larry, I will cover two things this morning. First I will share some positive trends in our U.S. Insurance Solutions business then I will talk about our truly outstanding results for our retail retirement and institutional investment platforms. In the supplement we provide trailing 12 month growth trends over the most recent five quarters. Individual life premium and fees have trended from a 2% decline to 5% growth and Specialty Benefits premium and fee growth has doubled from 4% to an adjusted 8%. Specific to sales 63% of individual life sales in the quarter were from the business market, as business owners continue to seek our expertise for their long-term planning needs, Specialty Benefits had its second highest sales quarter with 110 million in sales as we continue to be very well-positioned in our core market in diversified industries. Further, improving employment trends for small and midsized companies continues to contribute to underlying growth in our U.S. businesses. On a trailing 12 month basis Specialty Benefits in-group growth was 1.8%, its highest level since 2006. I will now talk about our investment management platforms starting with a little more color around first quarter net cash flows. Principal Funds delivered record net cash flows of 2.6 billion, its 21st consecutive quarter of positive flows on a record 6.6 billion in sales. Mutual fund sales have grown every quarter over the last five quarters. Principal Global Investors delivered near record unaffiliated net cash flows of 3.2 billion for the quarter, on strong retention and demand from investors seeking income and yield. We continue to expand our global investment management presence with two-thirds of the unaffiliated assets under management coming from investors outside of the U.S. and clients in more than 70 countries. Moving to our retirement platform, Full Service Accumulation flows were 1.7 billion for the quarter on 2.8 billion of sales and continued strong retention. Strong growth in reoccurring deposits was also contributor to flows reflecting employment growth in the existing plans and some traction around our retirement readiness initiatives. Principal International delivered net cash flow of $2.3 billion, an increase of 41% from a year ago on a local currency basis, this drove assets under management up 23% on a local currency basis. First quarter was also marked by notable third-party recognition for our asset management franchise. First, and at the annual ranking of mutual fund families Barron's Magazine named Principal Funds a top five fund family based on one year performance and number nine in the five year timeframe. Second, for the third year in a row the Principal Global Real Estate Securities Fund received a Lipper Award as the best global real estate fund over a five year period. Third, our CPAM joint-venture was recognized as a 2014 best international equity portfolio manager and best three year international equity portfolio manager for the FTSE Shariah World Developed by the employee provident fund in Malaysia. And finally Cuprum ranked first for investment performance among AFP providers in Chile and four out of five strategies for the one and three year time periods at quarter-end. The fifth strategy ranked number two for both time periods. Helping to drive these strong flows and recognition is competitive investment performance. 79% of our rated mutual funds have a four or five star Morningstar rating. And as the Slide 6 shows at least 85% of our Principal investment options were in the top half of the Morningstar ranking on a one, three, and five year basis at quarter-end. As you know targeted funds are an important investment option for plan sponsors, more than one-third of full service accumulation assets under management are in target date funds with 100% of our target date funds in the top half of Morningstar rankings across all time periods at quarter-end. We recently announced changes to align Principal Global Investors and Principal Funds and created a more integrated investment management operation. I see this move is having meaningful benefits particularly in the areas of product development and distribution. The leadership changes were effective immediately later this year we will provide more information about changes to financial reporting in addition to addressing many of the other requests from stakeholders regarding our financial supplement. Our team continues to be laser focused on executing our global investment management strategy and providing innovative solutions to our customers. No doubt our best years are ahead and our growth in the first quarter continues to build on the strong momentum of our businesses. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. The teams have delivered strong results in the first quarter while operating earnings were aided by some one-time items that I'll address shortly the strength of our business fundamentals and proven ability to execute continue to drive our company forward. This morning Ill focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance of the investment portfolio and I will close with an update on capital deployment. Total company operating earnings for the first quarter was $326 million up 3% over a very strong year ago quarter. And at the end of the first quarter return on equity excluding AOCI was 14% this is 100 basis points improvement from a year ago. If we adjusted the average equity for exchange rate movements as other companies with large international operations do, the return on equity would be 15%. Excluding the corporate segment 65% of the Company's earnings were generated from our fee-based business. This diversification allows us to perform well despite pressures from the continued low interest rate environment, flat equity market performance in the first quarter and a strengthening U.S. dollar. Moving to Slide 7, we normalized first quarter 2015 earnings per share of $1.09 down by $0.04. The following one-time items positively impacted the earnings per share in the quarter. retirement and investor services accumulation earnings benefitted $0.03 from the true up of prior year dividend accrual in full service accumulation and a payment received related to the transition of part of our trust business to a third-party and Specialty Benefits operating, earnings benefitted $0.01 due to the net impact of a recovery of reinsurance premiums that was partially offset by higher expenses primarily from prior year true ups. After normalizing both periods, earnings per share increased 5% over the year ago quarter the growth rate was massed by items that we don't typically normalize for such as the strengthening U.S. dollar and Latin American inflation. Now I'll discuss some of our business unit results staring on Slide 8. The accumulation businesses within retirement and investor services had adjusted operating earnings of $177 million. This is a 5% increase over adjusted first quarter 2014 results. Strong fee growth of 9% was offset by decline in variable investment income. Trailing 12 month net revenue was up 7% which lead to 100 basis points increase in pre-tax return on net revenue to 34% compared to the year ago quarter. Full service accumulation operating earnings were 114 million in the quarter down 4% compared to the year ago quarter after adjusting for the dividend accrual benefitted both periods, operating earnings increased 4% over the first quarter 2014. Net revenues of $330 million were slightly lower than a year ago quarter due to lower variable investment income. Principal Funds first quarter operating earnings were $27 million, an 8% increase over the year ago quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis reported revenues were up 12%. Over that timeframe revenues net of pass through commissions were up 17% and our return on adjusted revenue was 35%. Record sales in the quarter along with higher sub-advisory fees contributed to higher expenses compared to the year ago quarter. Strong investment performance and flows contributing to a record account values of 128 billion at quarter end for the total Principal Funds complex. Individual annuities operating earnings were $37 million for the quarter. The results were positively impacted by strong fee revenue growth of 14% in variable annuities which helped to offset the impact of spread compression on our fixed deferred business. We expect normal quarterly volatility in this business. Turning to Slide 10, Principal Global Investors operating earnings for the quarter were 31 million this is a 14% increase from the year ago quarter in what is typically a seasonally low quarter due to timing of certain expenses. First quarter 2015 benefitted from performance fees that were partially offset by lower transaction fees and higher expenses. The trailing 12 month pre-tax margin continued to increase at 26.6% from a reported 25.2% in the year ago quarter. Slide 11 shows quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $60 million. Slightly stronger than expected encaje returns were offset by a negative impact from inflation. Combined that revenue grew 21% on a local currency basis, the strengthening U.S. dollar suppressed operating earnings by 16% and assets under management by 21% compared to first quarter of 2014. Principal International continues to drive strong results with operating earnings growth in the mid-teens on an adjusted local currency basis. Turning to U.S. insurance solutions operating earnings were 55 million a 27% increase over the year ago quarter. As shown on Slide 12. Individual Life operating earnings of $26 million were a 20% over the adjusted year ago quarter. Adverse mortality impacted the year ago quarters results while first quarter 2015 had a return to expected claims experience. Turning to Slide 13, Specialty Benefits adjusted operating earnings of $26 million were essentially flat compared to a strong first quarter of 2014. As a reminder, first quarter is impacted by seasonality and is typically the lowest quarter of the year. Premium and fees grew 9% over the year ago quarter on an adjusted basis and the adjusted loss ratio of 66% is within the targeted range of 64% to 70%. For the quarter, total company net income was a record $440 million including realized capital gains of $13 million. Net credit related losses of $6.5 million were the lowest quarterly loss since before the financial crisis. Our portfolio continues to perform in line with expectations and better than our pricing models. The real estate market is performing very well and we expect mortgage and structured credit risk losses to continue to trend down. Net income benefited from $75 million of other after tax adjustments in the quarter. The adjustments included the deferred tax benefit related to the merger in Chile which was offset by a loss due to an update on our uncertain tax positions in the first quarter. As outlined on Slide 14, we continue to target $800 million to $1 billion of capital deployment in 2015. In the first quarter 2015 we paid a $0.36 common stock dividend and we announced last night a $0.38 dividend payable in the second quarter. On the trailing 12 month basis the common stock dividend is 27% higher than the same period a year ago. In addition we repurchased $50 million of shares in the first quarter, which completed our previous authorization. Our Board of Directors authorized a new $150 million share repurchase program in the first quarter thats still outstanding. We continue to first focus on anti-dilutive share repurchases and depending on other capital deployment options buying back shares opportunistically. Our 2015 expected capital deployment range also includes the $335 million already announced for the AXA Hong Kong pension business acquisition, which should close in the second half of 2015. Our approach to capital deployment remains balanced and focused on increasing long-term value for shareholders. In closing while macroeconomics factors such as the strengthening U.S. dollar and low interest rates are providing near-term pressures, the strong business fundamentals and our proven ability to execute are driving continued momentum. We remain confident that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth across various macroeconomic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan: I wanted to follow-up with Terry around capital deployment this year. I think you have the opportunity to call a 300 million of perpetual preferred stock in June. So just doing the math if you are still planning on deploying between 800 million and 1 billion you have already allocated 335 million to the asset transaction. I think you are going to pay at least 450 million common dividends. If you were to call the preferred with that, I guess is that factored into your 800 million to 1 billion estimates?
Larry Zimpleman: Hi Sean this is Larry, I will just get that over to Terry for a comment.
Terry Lillis: As we have mentioned before we have the ability to call the preferred shares in June. They were issued back in 2005 and they have a pretty high coupon rate, just a grossed up basis they are around 10% and 8.6%. So given our move to a more longer term investment operation thats moving to less capital intensive fee-based businesses were reviewing our capital structure and were taking into consideration all the audiences that we have. And so were evaluating our options at this point in time, but to your question the $800 million to $1 billion does not include anything that we would do in terms of the preferred shares.
Sean Dargan: And then I guess a question for Larry. Keeping in mind that the DOL proposal. And given the fact that a low cost provider has made its intentions known that it wants to move into the small and medium business for a 1K plan business. Do you think that I guess I just want to hear your thoughts on if thats going to materially impact your business given that advisors may believe that they have increased liability in placing small and medium businesses in retirement plans?
Larry Zimpleman: So, a couple of things there that are frankly a little bit independent, but in the earlier remarks Sean you heard me comment with respect to the DOL fiduciary proposal. Now again I will say like others and other companies that have commented kind of early on in the process it's a 1,000 page think about that for a second it's a 1,000 proposed regulation and -- but the -- if I step back from that for a second I step back from the details what we're talking about is an even more complicated landscape for our retirement plans not just from a potential legal perspective but just overall more complicated and every time this happens and again I've seen it for more than 30 years it redefines what scale is in the sort of 401(k) and retirement plan business and it will continue to push I believe it will continue to push market share from second and third tier more local players that frankly just don't have a platform the compete they don't have an investment option line up to compete and these increasing kind of compliance and the regulatory costs are going to make it more and more difficult and as you know 70% of our business is takeover business in other words 70% of our business is business coming from second and third tier players who find it difficult to compete so I think that pressure is going to continue to be there. Now with respect to Vanguard first let me say I have tremendous respect for Vanguard as an organization. I have tremendous respect for the business model that they have constructed. But I do believe Sean I do believe that that business model is not appropriate for every investor, every retail investor neither is it appropriate for every small or medium employer because the reality is most small and medium employers access the market through advisors and they need a lot of help and sort of handholding through the process of not only setting up the plan but servicing out on an ongoing basis and that's very difficult to do that well when you are a low fee player like a Vanguard is so again we respect them but we think that our advisor driven model is really going to be at the end of the day is going to be the winning model in the small and medium space. So, I hope that helps.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of with Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: This is going to be a long beating of the stead horse. But Larry on the DOL proposal to follow-up to Sean's comment one of the big issues that I see is that a differential compensation and that differential compensation will not receive the best interest contract exemption. I believe you pay on volume to your advisors as well as on fund choice and I'm wondering about your views of this as a sales model going forward?
Larry Zimpleman: Well I mean again I want to just start by saying I think it would be premature for any of us to necessarily draw conclusions at this point with respect to what may or may not be allowed I guess with respect to compensation generally what I would say is that we believe that transparency is the best way to sort of deal with overall to deal with compensation issues and I think that the department of labor would agree with that. And I can tell you that going all the way back to ERISA in 1974 we have been among the leaders frankly well out in front of many competitors in terms of making sure both at the time of sale and on ongoing basis that our retirement plan customers have a full and complete understanding of compensation both direct compensation plus any other volume related compensation that may be attached to that if for some reason volume related compensation were to go away for some fashion and frankly I don't know why it would because it is not necessarily any sort of amount that's taken from our plan participants but that were to go away were still on a very level playing field were still dealing equally with the other retirement service providers and to squeeze of course as you would recognize Steven the squeeze is actually going to come on the financial advisors and the brokerage firms the squeeze is not necessarily going to come on the retirement service providers.
Steven Schwartz: Believe me at Raymond James were well aware of that. I guess what I'm interested in here though is fund choice as well do you see fund choice changing maybe being forced by advisors to move away from your proprietary offerings?
Larry Zimpleman: Well. That's another interesting question so let me make a few comments on that. First of all again we've never had a business model where we are trying to put proprietary funds on a platform in some less than clear fashion as a way to sort of try to stuff proprietary product inside a retirement plan. So, for example if you look at our target date funds Steven I would say we are today still one of the few that has outside managers in as a part of our target date fund line up, because while we think PGI is one of the top global asset management companies in the world the reality is they can't do everything perfectly and so they are going to be situations where it's appropriate to bring in outside managers. I think the real test here and the real issue is going to be do your proprietary funds compete do they compete in terms of investment performance, do they compete in terms of fees and if they compete in terms of investment performance and fees then I can't see any reason why the Department of Labor would just per se wall off your ability to put those investment options which are value-add for the participant why they would not allow those to be on the platform. Final point I will make is as Dan commented when you are sitting here today with A5 or more percent of your investment options in the top half of their Morningstar peer group it would be our investment performance stands on its own, not only inside our retirement platform but frankly through the DC investment only space which has been one of the fastest growing parts of our business where you can kind of see the strength of our investment platform and the interest that it has not only to Principal's retirement customers but retirement customers of other service providers as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass: One question on 401(k) sort of profitability, I guess as we think holistically for Principal overtime is it a more important driver the basis points kind of fee that is charged or is it the level of assets managed? When I say level of assets managed in sort of proprietary offerings?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes so this is Larry and I will have Dan probably want to comment as well. But what I would say is that there isn't meaningful -- there really is would be no meaningful difference with respect to proprietary versus non-proprietary. And we've tried hard over the years to have a business model that doesn't necessarily result in largely different returns by plan size. So for example your small plans are two or three times as profitable as your large plans. Now I am not saying there arent some differences by size, now are there some differences that all of a sudden proprietary assets were a 5% of a single plan. But when you think it's really important financials are subject to the investment decisions that are made by plan sponsors and advisors. So I think again I just wanted -- I know some have commented on sort of a decline in margins from first quarter 14 and what I want to suggest is that margins in those periods of time were actually above what we would consider to be normal industry trend. So were very pleased, very pleased with where we are today with respect to the return on net revenue for a full service accumulation. So I'll let Dan add a comment.
Dan Houston: Yes, thats right Larry the variable investment income a year ago was quite strong relative to the current quarter and certainly we saw traditional P revenue arise during that period of time. The other comment I guess I would make about the profitability profile of these plans has a lot to do with TRS. And so to the extent that we have more than just a 401(k) relationship there is defined benefit there is ESOP and there is deferred compensation that clearly becomes a variable in terms of the earnings that could be generated from that plan. The second component of course is our ability to retain assets. So those are number of plans we have the ability to retain assets in a Principal rollover IRA or somehow the stay within the plan and then the last part I would say is remember that were paying market pricing or near market pricing for the majority of the plan assets managed by PGI and of course PGI is capturing a component of profitability as well. So I think you do have to look at this from a much more macro-comprehensive way than just simply getting it down to either what the investment option is or whether or not it is a small plan or a large plan.
Erik Bass: And thats what I was asking holistically to Principal combining kind of the revenue for both FSA as well as PGI. But I guess am I interpreting your comments correctly that based on your pricing you are targeting the same return whether you are assuming a plan say has 25% of the assets managed in Principal Funds or it has 75%. You would factor that expectation into your pricing and target a similar return for both cases?
Larry Zimpleman: Thats certainly our intention, thats certainly and what I would call our core base pricing strategy. Correct.
Erik Bass: And would that pricing be sort of variable overtime if you saw the kind of allocation to proprietary funds shift in one direction or another?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes if there is any one thing I have seen in the last 30 years is a constant resetting of pricing and of course we have the benefit of having one of the most efficient record-keeping administrative platforms out there. And so again we keep on working on the expense side so that we can continue to be market priced and still in the meantime maintain reasonable margins. And if you look at that margin range of 30 to 32 for full service accumulation that certainly will be in the top quartile in the industry. So again I think we hit it on both sides, we hit it through effectively managing our expenses, and driving out efficiencies and we get it by having top-tier investment performance which certainly helps drive revenue and assets under management.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: I wanted to turn back to the Vanguard as a competitor. And if I look at the market data if I understand correctly they partnered with the Census and the two basically have a top five market share in the under a 1,000 employee market. So when I think about Principal going out in China win a new account or I think you have mentioned in the past that you believe the market is underserved. What gives you the confidence that a new account that doesn't a retirement plan today would chose the high service higher fee proposition over a low service low fee proposition when they have nothing in the past?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. Yaron so it's a very good question. So, let me just make a few comments and obviously Dan has a lot of perspective having actually have been in the field and done this in the real world, so I'm sure hed want to comment as well, but I cannot emphasize enough having again it's been a very long period of time in this business that retirement plans have to be sold they have to sold in the small employer marketplace, so say any under 100 life even under the 250 life market they have to be sold there isn't -- there are a very few small business owners that would sort of wake up this morning and say okay today is the day I've been thinking about and today is the day I'm going to go out there and get bids for my 401(k) plan it just doesn't work that way in the real world and this is why the financial advisors role we believe is so critical in order to extend the coverage inside the under 100 life marketplace it is the advisor who is really the one who if you will creates the opportunity through conversations to business owner brings in several proposals because the business owner themselves aren't that knowledgeable in these issues and ultimately helps them make a good decision for themselves and their employees. Now there is probably a 10% I make that number up I don't know what it is but there is a 10% to 15% of the market that the owner would consider themselves very financially sophisticated they might feel like they don't need a financial advisor but I will tell you Yaron my experience is that's a relatively small percentage of the universe and even that proportion probably doesn't really again have the capability to go out on their own and sort through record keeping systems, compliance issues, plan design issues on their own there was a day when we had a 401(k) plan in a box you could buy 401(k) plan from Principal and many other in the early days of the Internet on a self serve basis and quite frankly we folded that particular product after about three years because they wasnt enough demand for it so anyway I hope that helps and Dan wants to comment.
Dan Houston: Yes just a couple of comments and again thanks for the question firstly if I had to start is compounding on what Larry said it's more than just plan level service it is a participant services it's local service relationship management it's things like retire, secure and plan works when you sit down with an employee of less than 50 or 100 employees let's say they don't want an unsuccessful plan well what's an unsuccessful plan, it's low salary deferral low participation and confusion among the employees on what it is that is available to them it is the financial advisors that are representatives from Principal that make these plans come alive to the average small to medium sized business employee and that has everything to do with driving participation, increasing salary referrals, staying in the plan making sure they've got good investment diversity and then also just a reminder there is really two parts two halves to expenses related to the plan one is related to the asset management fee and one is related to the record keeping administrative cost. When it comes to record keeping administrative cost whether it's a Census or Vanguard partnership or Principal those are going to be very-very comparable when you look at the fees associated with asset management then it gets out into an active passive debate I went back and took a look at our existing block of business, this is our existing 401(k) plan block and our merging plans of less than $5 million 96% of those plans today make available a low cost index option, 99% of all of our clients over $5 million already have a low cost at least one index investment option so again it's really not low fee low service high fee high service it is how do you want to spend if youre a investment lineup do you want to have heavily more biased on lower cost investment options so you can use our collective investment trust you can use our index suite and you can supplement that with more actively managed funds but then you have the separate conversation around record-keeping and administrative related expenses and believe me you do some of those economies of scale on the small case market so again if you already have a lot like Principal does over 35,000 plans we know how to service a small client that chooses passive or CITs as their investment option hopefully that helps.
Yaron Kinar: One follow-up Larry when you talk about the deal or proposal it sounds like it's actually you view that's more of an opportunity that many potential threat but I'm curious to hear your thoughts as to where you make see where you believe in these early days there could be more pressure on your business whether it is from a compliance spending side or other?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, yes Yaron while you answered the question the -- and first of all in my comment what I'm trying to do is to just have people understand does that when there is a 1,000 page proposed regulation like this there is both challenge and opportunity and so we well understand the challenge side and many others do as well and my only point was to suggest that there is opportunity as well so the things that are challenges it's simply the kind of increased complexity and at least by my view and again this is based on many-many years of experience when you have a 1,000 page proposed regulation that is kind of sitting there and is not yet final and nobody really knows what the rules are I can assure you thats an environment where it's going to be very difficult to see many new plans be formed, right. Because if you were thinking about putting in a 401(k) plan this sort of a thing at the margin is going to cause you to say you know what I'm going to wait a year, I am going to try to figure out what this regulation looks like. So sort of at the margin I think as far as new plans are concerned I think it's going to be a bit of a dampener, but on the other hand I think for us and for other retirement service providers that really have the scale and the technical expertise to compete again more importantly whats going to happen is there is still about a 1,000 players in the 401(k) industry today, a thousand players. There shouldn't be a 1,000 players in the 401(k) industry. And so there is going to be 500 of those that are going to be going through an analysis of whether they really want to stay in the business once all of those regulations are finalized and we understand what the new rules of the game are going to be.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: And my question is directed to either Larry or Dan whoever feels best to answer my question. Here it is, it's my sense that distributors think of conflict of interest not only in of actuals but also perceived. So my question is why isnt the conversion between the customer and the broker or the advisor going to go something like the following. Customer walks into the Smith Barney office, Merrill Lynch office the broker there recommends a Principal product as well as a majority of is 100% of Principal Funds broker points out outstanding track-record, and -- but in the end in order to avoid even the perception of conflict of interest the broker decides then in order to avoid liability is just too risky to have all these Principal Funds he is speaking to himself and he ends up recommending a different mix of funds with fewer Principal product and then would otherwise have been the case. Why isn't that going to be the discussion and the ultimate outcome here?
Larry Zimpleman: So again I will make a few comments and ask Dan to weigh in as well. So, with respect to the first part of your hypothetical, so the customer walks into Smith Barney or Morgan Stanley or whatever of course it works the other way, of course its the Smith Barney broker who walks into the small employers office, because thats again the way these plans gets sold. And the first thing I would say is that of course that broker isn't going to present singularly a Principal proposal. I mean I don't know the average but my guess that in the initial stages any broker is going to present -- first of all after they go through a discovery process with the small employer what are you looking for, they could present as many as five to seven different retirement services providers and it's through subsequent conversion and involvement with our sales team which again is among the best in the industry and locally deployed that the financial advisor and the small employer then ultimately decide okay out of these five to seven quotes which one am I going to select who is going to be the retirement services provider. Now you are correct that more and more today the choice of the provider, the retirement services provider is somewhat separated from the choice of who's going to manage the assets. So it's a kind of the second step decision. Again go back to what I said before, first of all when Principal's investment options are high performing options in the top half of the Morningstar peer group or the top 25% or the top decile and investment fees are competitive there isn't any reason in the world, there isn't any reason in the world that a rationale advisor and a small employer wouldn't see fit to put that on the platform. I mean the reverse situation could be equally true. So again when I think when it comes to investment platform what you need to sort of think about is it's a very level playing field. And what PGI and some of our other chosen sub-advisors bring to us is product that is manufactured specifically for retirement plan clients. Many of the competitors that are out there are using kind of share class versions of their retail funds that aren't manufactured for the retirement space. So it's one of the unique differentiators of Principal and I think its going to continue to service well albeit were going to have to negotiate kind of a new set of forces and factors but again I remain very confident having seen us go through 40 years of these changes in legislation and regulation I'm highly confident that were going to figure out the right way to compete whatever the new business model is going to be.
Dan Houston: To that point Eric and good morning this splitting of the decision between the plan services and the investment lineup thats been in place for the better part of five to 10 years, we have got people today whose sole job is to make the call on those alliance partners and the various investment management firms to educate them and inform them on the particulars of the Principal investment lineup. You see part of that is showing up in the results for DCIO. So again it's a split decision today Larry commented earlier on the earlier question relative to our very-very market competitive target date funds which find themselves in about 40% of the lineups thats already multimanager and thats in recognition of plan sponsors and advisors desire to have best-in-class in the investment lineup. So although there may be a bit more disclosure, a bit more debate and discussion I got to believe that the reasonable fiduciary the trusty and making these decisions looks at the fees, looks at the performance looks at the line up and is going to in a very similar way that they do today get the appropriate line up and no doubt it's going to be multi manager.
Larry Zimpleman: Eric Jim McCaughan want add just one quick comment as well.
Eric Berg: Sure.
Jim McCaughan: Eric it's Jim here. I just want to add to Dan's point about the split decision that we welcome transparency and so that should give us opportunities in the DCIO space the reason these plans sponsors and plan participants choose us is as have been described it is investment performance it's the multi-asset multi-manager products target date target risk increasingly global diversified income diversified real assets those are all extremely attractive carefully constructed products as Dan described specifically for the retirement market with those products transparency should help us not hinder out looking to the future and we see that great growth opportunity in the DCIO space if as one hoped the move continues to be towards greater transparency.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Jim could you give some additional color on the drivers of PGIs strong flows in the quarter and then also commentary on the current pipeline?
Jim McCaughan: On the institutional side we've been nicely building up flows and as Dan described of the strong international component a lot of different countries different parts of the world we've been nicely building up sales over the last two to three years and what happened in the first quarter is we continued the momentum of sales it was growth but not massive growth this is not an usual quarter in terms of institutional sales but we tightened up our act in retention and that was really the issue that led to the very-very the positive that led to the very strong institutional cash flow in the first quarter. In terms of where it's coming from its true that it's very diversified in terms of investment category the bias I would say there is if I look through our list of sales is towards different kinds of income biased products whether it's our assets underlying diversified income funds investment grade credit high yield preferreds emerging debt and then income equities has been a very strong capability for us real estate and REITs so it's very diversified across countries and across investment capabilities and really the difference this quarter to each quarter last year that made us stronger was greater retention. Now looking forward I do see the continued development of the pipeline of new business as being very encouraging. We also has a senior management team get to see all our substantial clients on a very regular basis and I would say the tone of those meeting is currently extremely solid we feel very confident that the improved retention can be continued now clearly that depends on future events but the current tone is extremely good.
Ryan Krueger: And then one on the deal or proposal if I could, there is a carve out for plan brokers providing advice to plan sponsors on plans that's over 100 participants or over 100 million in assets in terms of the lack of the carve out for the smaller plans is that something you think is appropriate or would that be something that Principal would be lobbying to get changed in the final rule?
Larry Zimpleman: Ryan this is Larry. I mean again I cant size enough this is 1,000 pages this is proposed regulation I'm not going to sort of claim to be an expert on carve out versus non-carve out what I would say is that what seems logical and reasonable to me is that we have kind of a single set of rules with respect to investment line items we have a sort of single set of rules that we operate by whether it's whether it's a Fortune 100 plan or whether it's a 15 life tool and die maker in Rockwood Illinois so what we will lobby for once we sort of understand what the overall proposed rules are what we will lobby for is that we have a consistent standard really across all plan sizes we will argue for a level of transparency that's appropriate and the reason I say that is we are not -- I don't think there is advantages in saying a distributing prospectuses for example as an example of overkill, but we really do believe in transparency we really do believe in an informed customer we really do believe in working with well informed brokers who have great expertise to bring to the table in terms of advising the small plans sponsors so those are the things that will be focused on and I'm confident at the end of the day Ryan the Department of Labor wants to do the right things here we've had many-many meetings with them these are very experienced people who know this landscape very well and at the end of the day we share with them a responsibility to see retirement plan coverage grow in this country at the end of the day success in terms of retirement outcomes is going to depend on 401(k) plans and we are not going to go back to the client benefit plans and so were going to continue to press the case to the Department of Labor that we need to have a fair rules transparent rules consistent rules, so that we can see retirement plan coverage continue to be extended among employers of all size. So Dan any comments you want to add.
Dan Houston: No, I think that really wraps up nice Larry.
Operator: And we've reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman: Well I just want to say thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. We are continuing to be very pleased by our results and our results in the first quarter and the ongoing momentum of our business. We think that the credit for the recent results and the strong momentum really goes to our experienced teams that are all over the globe executing on behalf of our customers every day. We do believe the macroeconomic conditions are going to remain challenging but as we look forward we think the diversified nature of our business is going to allow us to continue the positive momentum. So with that thanks very much and I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the near future.
Operator: Thank you participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 01:00 PM Eastern Time, until the end of day May 01, 2015. 21890644 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for all U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 for all international callers. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President, Investor Relations Larry Zimpleman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Houston - President and Chief Operating Officer Terrance Lillis - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management and Chief Executive Officer, Principal Global Investors Luis Valds - President, Principal International Timothy Dunbar - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Sean Dargan - Macquarie Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - KBW Seth Weiss - Bank of America Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter 2014 financial results conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; COO, Dan Houston; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we get to the prepared remarks, I'd like to remind you of an upcoming investor event in Santiago, Chile on March 10 and 11. Executives from our Latin American business will provide an update. This is a great opportunity to learn more about these businesses, and we hope you can make it. Information can be found on our Investor Relations website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll comment on three areas; first, I'll discuss 2014 results; second, I'll provide an update on the execution of our strategy; and I'll close with some comments on capital management. I'll then turn the call over to our newly appointed President and Chief Operating Officer, Dan Houston, for some comments on key growth metrics for 2014, followed by Terry with his normal CFO report. 2014 was an outstanding year for The Principal, with record total company operating earnings of $1.3 billion, a 24% increase over full year 2013 results. Full year net income was $1.1 billion, a 26% increase over 2013. Perhaps even more impressive than the record total company operating earnings is that each of our four operating segments had record earnings for the year. Our ability to achieve these strong results, while still facing continued macroeconomic volatility, reflects our scale in each business segment, the strength of our diversified business model and the ongoing momentum in our businesses. Since 2009, we've grown earnings per share at a compounded annual growth rate of 15%. We've done that predominantly through operating earnings growth, which drives a long-term increase in shareholder value and not relying on share buybacks to increase earnings per share, which can only have an impact for few years. In addition, two-thirds of our earnings are now generated from our fee-based businesses compared to roughly half five years ago. Our strong financial position has created a great foundation from which to grow for years to come. Total company net cash flows of $18 billion for the year contributed to record assets under management of $519 billion, which increased 7% over 2013, despite a $14 billion negative impact from foreign exchange rates. These outstanding results position us going into 2015 with a much higher asset base from which to continue to grow revenue and operating earnings even during periods of macroeconomic volatility. Next, I'll comment briefly on the long-term power of our strategy and some positive developments we see contributing to our growing momentum. Though we refined and evolved our strategy overtime to remain competitive and take advantage of long-term growth opportunities, we've never wavered from our core goal of helping individuals around the world achieve financial security. Our strategy was built around three core trends that today are more relevant than ever. First, aging populations around the world; second, financially constrained employers, who want to provide affordable and attractive benefits to attract and retain global talent, and finally financially constrained governments that can no longer support government provider retirement programs, causing individuals to look to their own resources for financial security. Across the globe, we have achieved a market leadership position that enables us to meet the needs of individuals looking to save, invest and protect their assets over the long-term. Improving macroeconomic and employment conditions in the U.S. are making it easier for individuals to take control of their financial futures with help from the Principal. As the employment picture improves, move individuals can save for retirement and participate in benefit programs that protect their income. We're seeing this trend in Full Service Accumulation, with a number people making a deferral increased 7% compared to a year ago, and Specialty Benefits had the highest ever full year in-group growth of 1.5% in 2014. Principal Funds continues to have great success executing on a strategy focused on asset allocation, multi-manager funds that address risk, inflation, and income needs. Principal Funds is now the 16th largest advisor sold firm up from 17 in 2013. In 2014, we launched seven new funds, as we continue to expand on our outcome-based solutions. Many of you had the opportunity to hear from several executives from Principal Global Investors at our investor event in November. Jim and his team discussed the increasing demand for tailored solutions among retirement, retail and institutional investors. Our diverse group of specialized investment boutiques coupled with multi-asset expertise, positions us to customize solutions and capitalize on this trend. Principal International's recent announcement of our planned acquisition of AXA's pension business in Hong Kong is one of eight strategic acquisitions we've done since 2008, totaling over $2.5 billion in capital deployed. The acquisition, which we expect to close in the second half of 2015, will add scale to our current business, making us the fifth largest mandatory pension provider in Hong Kong. Importantly, the deal also includes a 15-year exclusive distribution agreement with AXA, which has 4,500 agents in Hong Kong. This gives us additional opportunities to grow market share, as the mandatory and voluntary pension markets continue to grow. Finally, I'll provide an update on capital management for 2015. Our fee-based business model allows us to generate free cash flow and strategically deploy it to create long-term value for shareholders. We remain well-positioned to deploy capital through a variety of options in addition to supporting organic growth. In 2015, we expect to deploy $800 million to $1 billion of capital, beyond the capital needed for organic growth, including the $335 million already announced for the AXA acquisition. Last night, we announced a $0.36 per share common stock dividend payable in the first quarter, which is a 6% increase over the dividend paid in fourth quarter 2014. As a reminder, our 2014 common stock dividend was up 31% over 2013. Additionally, the merger and acquisition pipeline remains active with opportunities to further enhance our global retirement and investment management platform. We will continue to look for strategic acquisitions as a good way to build long-term value for shareholders. In closing, I remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth in 2015 and beyond. The Principal is in a strong competitive position with proven success and a unique business model that positions us to provide long-term value for our customers and our shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Dan Houston. Dan's 30-year carrier and proven leadership give him a clear view of where the company will go in the future. I look forward to working with him in his new capacity. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Larry. I'm excited about my expanded role and look forward to working with the teams on continued implementation of our strategy. The fundamentals of our business remain strong and we continue to build on our leading positions, providing continued momentum going forward. Following are some of the key growth metrics that contributed to the outstanding results in 2014. Full Service Accumulation full year sales were $8.7 billion. We continue to focus on striking the right balance of growth and profitability in this business. We had fewer large planned sales in 2014 than we've had in previous years, which led to a decrease in transfer deposits and net cash flows for the full year. To demonstrate that point, net cash flows from our small-to-mid size markets were 2% of beginning year account values in that space, in line with our expectations. With strong investment performance and key differentiators like Principal Total Retirement Suite, we remain confident in our ongoing competitiveness of the Full Service Accumulation business. Principal Funds had record sales of $20 billion in 2014, and the fourth quarter was the 20th consecutive quarter of positive net cash flows. At 8% of beginning year account values, Principal Funds' full year net cash flows were more than 3x the industry average. Principal Global Investors had record total assets under management of $314 billion as of yearend, driven by continuous strong investment performance and full year total net cash flows of $2.4 billion. Principal International reported assets under management of $115 billion at yearend. Record full year net cash flows of $13 billion were up 54% over 2013 and 68% on a local currency basis. We continue to see momentum build in our Asian businesses with 15% of full year net cash flows from this region, up from 6% in 2014. We're also executing on our full product suite strategy in Chile, with full year voluntary net cash flows doubling from 2013. In Individual Life, the business market strategy continues to be a differentiator for us, with 2014 being the second highest year of non-qualified deferred compensation sales. Specialty Benefits had record full year sales of nearly $300 million, up 10% over 2013. These strong sales combined with strong persistency drove premium and fees up 7% over 2013. Our solutions remain very attractive in the small and midsized employer market. With a competitive environment that is constantly changing, we remain laser focused on meeting evolving customer needs and demand in ways that differentiate us in the marketplace. Top tier investment performance is clearly critical. 71% of our rated mutual funds have a four or five-star Morningstar rating. And as Slide 5 shows at least 85% of Principal's investment options were in the top half of Morningstar rankings on a one, three and five-year basis at quarter-end. Additionally, two of our mandatory provident funds in Hong Kong were recently awarded the Gold rating by the MPF rating agency. Exceptional service matters as well. In 2014, we retained 95% of Full Service Accumulation customers, our second best year on record. And Specialty Benefits division retention rate in 2014 were the highest they've been since 2006. In addition, we continue to garner recognition for our Latin American businesses. Cuprum recovered customer satisfaction and investment performance recognition from the Chilean pension regulator throughout 2014. And Brasilprev, our joint venture with Banco do Brasil was once again recognized as the most admired private pension company in Brazil. The last point I'll highlight is the importance of attracting and retaining best-in-class employees, who have specialized expertise. During the fourth quarter, the Principal earned the top spot in it's category in Pensions & Investments' annual survey of the best places to work in money management for the third year in a row. We view this as a significant accomplishment and one that evidences our ability to attract and retain top investment talent. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks Dan. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter and full year, net income including performance on the investment portfolio and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. The fourth quarter was a strong end to an outstanding year. Total company operating earnings were $324 million, up 13% over the prior-year quarter. Operating earnings per share of $1.09 were a 14% increase over fourth quarter 2013 results. Moving to Slide 6, you'll see that we normalized fourth quarter 2014 earnings by $0.02 or one-time tax items in our Corporate segment. On a normalized basis, earnings per share were $1.07, up 11% over a year-ago quarter. We also removed the one month lag from reporting of Cuprum results during the quarter. The earnings from the additional month were reduced by lower than expected encaje returns and additional investments in the business to support future growth. For the year, return on equity excluding AOCI was 14.2%. This is a 210 basis points improvement from a year ago. Organic growth contributed 150 basis points of the increase, as operating earnings growth outpaced mean equity growth of 6%. Our current return on equity excluding AOCI includes exchange rate movements in earnings, but not in the equity calculations. If similar to other companies with large international operations, we adjusted the average equity for the exchange rate movements, the return on equity would be 15.1%. Now, I'll discuss business unit results, starting on Slide 7, with the accumulation businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Operating earnings of $168 million were up 12% over the adjusted fourth quarter 2013 results. Net revenue was up 5% over the prior-year quarter and up 10% for the year. Full year pre-tax return on net revenue improved to 34%. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings were $106 million, a 14% increase over the year-ago quarter. For the year net revenue grew 9% and the pre-tax return on net revenue was 35%. As previously discussed, we expect margins to come down in 2015 due to expense growth outpacing net revenue growth, primarily due to investments in the business. In addition, 2014 benefited from higher than expected variable investment income. Full Service Accumulation had net outflows for the quarter of $850 million. Quarterly results can be lumpy, so it's important to focus on the longer term. For the full year, while dollars of lapses were up 6% in 2014 due to account value growth, the withdrawal rate was 100 basis points lower than the prior year. Importantly, as we look at all key metrics for Full Service Accumulation, it's clear that business remain strong and competitive. Recurring deposits grew 7% in 2014 and we added nearly 1,000 net new plans and 135,000 net new participants. In addition, as a result of strong investment performance, customers and advisors directed approximately 75% of the 2014 new sale asset into Principal branded investments. Principal Funds fourth quarter operating earnings were up 20% from the year-ago quarter to $26 million. For the full year, operating earnings surpassed $100 million for the first time, up 30% over 2013. Principal Fund sales were the second highest quarterly result ever at $5.6 billion. Individual Annuity operating earnings were $29 million for the quarter. Increased fee revenue on our variable annuity business due to market appreciation continues to offset spread compression in our fixed deferred block of business. Slide 8 highlights the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $27 million were up 4% over fourth quarter 2013 results. Net revenue was up 3% over the prior-year quarter and up 8% for the year. The 2014 pre-tax return on net revenue improved to 82%. Full Service Payout forth quarter sales of $464 million were higher than full year 2013 sales, as we continue to see opportunities in the small to midsized pension close-out market. Turning to Slide 9, Principal Global Investors' quarterly operating earnings were a record $36 million. Earnings benefited this quarter from seasonal performance fees, and an increased stake in Columbus Circle Investors. The full year pre-tax margin increased to 26.5% as we continue to improve margins by gaining scale and providing investment on options that are in demand. As a reminder, earnings in Principal Global Investors are impacted by seasonality with first quarter typically the lowest due to timing of certain expenses and fourth quarter typically the highest due to performance fees. Slide 10 shows quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $63 million. As I mentioned earlier, we removed the month reporting lag for Cuprum, which was reduced by lower than expected encaje returns as well as additional marketing related expenses. Principal International continues to perform well on a local basis. Operating earnings were up 16% over the prior-year quarter, after adjusting for foreign exchange rates. For the year, combined net revenue was up 14% on a reported basis and up 24% on a local currency basis. Combined pre-tax return on net revenue was 51% for the year. As shown on Slide 11, Individual Life operating earnings were $28 million for the quarter. Claims experienced for the quarter was in line with expectations. We mentioned on our previous call that we were doing an in-depth review of the recent elevated claims experience. The analysis has reinforced our ongoing belief that the elevated claims experience in recent quarters was random fluctuation associated with risk-based business and not a systemic issue. Moving to Slide 12, Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $28 million were up 3% from the year-ago quarter. The overall loss ratio for the quarter remained favorable at 65%, better than our expected range. For the full year, premium and fees were up 7% and full year pre-tax operating margin was 11%. Seasonality also impacts operating earnings in U.S. Insurance Solutions with the highest results typically in the fourth quarter and the lowest in the first quarter. The Corporate segment reported operating losses for the quarter of $26 million, better than our forecasted range of $32 million to $37 million of operating losses. Results this quarter benefited from some one-time tax adjustments in the Corporate segment. For the quarter, total company net income was $270 million, including realized capital losses of $53 million. Net credit-related losses of $8 million were a strong result, improving 67% from the year-ago quarter. Net income was negatively impacted by $44 million, due to the impairment of Liongate, our hedge fund of funds boutique, during the quarter. Full year credit-related losses were $56 million, a 33% improvement over 2013 results. Unrealized gains were $2.9 billion at quarter-end. Due to our asset liability management expertise and strong liquidity, changes in unrealized gains or losses due to interest rate movements do not result in forced assets sales in periods of stress. In addition, our predominantly fee-based business model limits our sensitivity to interest rate movement. As outlined in Slide 13, our approach to capital deployment is balanced and focused on increasing long-term value for shareholders. We deployed $855 million of capital in 2014. This is more than three-fourth of our net income for the year, demonstrating our ability to generate capital and strategically deploy it. The full year common stock dividend was $1.28. This is a 31% increase over full year 2013, and we continue to increase our payout ratio. Our capital deployment in 2014 also included $200 million of share repurchase, $100 million surplus note redemption and $180 million increase in our ownership percentage of Columbus Circle Investors. In 2015, we expect to deploy $800 million to $1 billion of capital in a strategic and balanced manner. In closing, while macroeconomic factors such as the strengthening U.S. dollar and low interest rates are providing near-term pressure, we remain confident that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth across various macroeconomic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan: Terry, I have a question about Slide 6 and the normalized items. If I add back $0.02 per share for tax adjustments, that still implies a tax rate in the high-teens, which is below your 2015 guidance of 21% to 23%. Can you just discuss what was going on with the tax rate and if the 2015 guidance still stands?
Larry Zimpleman: I'll just have Terry take that.
Terrance Lillis: You're absolutely right. It's a little bit lower than what we had anticipated in our outlook call. We still think that that 20% to 22% is a good effective tax rate for the overall organization. However, if you look at what happened at the early part of this year, we had some true-ups in the prior year. So if you were to adjust for that, you'd be around closer to 20% for the year. So we still think that that's a very good rate, taken into consideration the adjustments that we had in the fourth quarter in the Corporate segment.
Sean Dargan: And then if I could just ask one follow-up about Liongate. I'm just wondering what the thought process and impairingness was? And considering that you seem committed to doing further M&A to deploying capital in that manner, how can we have confidence that we're not going to see more impairments in these acquisitions you're making?
Larry Zimpleman: Sean, I'll make a couple of general comments and then have Jim comment specifically as it relates to Liongate. First of all, again if you go back and look over the longer course of history, I think that our success with our asset management boutique acquisitions has been really second to none. For example, we mentioned last quarter, the additional purchase of an interest from 70% to 95% in Columbus Circle Investors and that's the boutique that we've grown from under $4 billion to $16 billion over the point in time that we've had it. I could give you similar statistics around Spectrum and other asset management boutiques. So the challenge as it relates to goodwill often is actually in the early years after you acquire a boutique, because if the macro environment changes, the way accounting rules work, you run closer to the edge so to speak, and in fact the hedge fund of funds business has been a bit of a troubled space in recent months as there's been a lot of volatility and kind of a lot of churning around in the hedge fund space. So again, my emphasis here, Sean, would be to say that I think Jim and his team have done outstanding job over the longer term and Liongate is actually more of the one-off circumstance. So I'll ask Jim to cover that for you now.
James McCaughan: Yes. Sean, as Larry said, this is a portfolio and the IRR on the portfolio of boutiques ranges almost all of them from low-teens to high-teens. So it's been one of the best ways of deploying capital that we have had available to us. The hedge fund of fund space has had headwinds as Larry described, and that together with some performance glitches in 2013, which since have been fixed, the performance since then is pretty strong, led to some losses of assets and revenues, and that's what led us to impair this particular asset. In terms of the process of impairment, thinking of how this might affect other boutiques, this one is, it's just over 50% stake, and so was accounted for on the equity method rather than consolidated, that means from an impairment it's looked at legal entity level, and that was really the background to the impairment we had on Liongate. With the growth in all the other boutiques and with the only other equity method boutique being Finisterre, which actually has grown very strongly, has almost doubled in assets in the three years we've been associated with them. So I think I'm pretty confident that the strategy remains sound and we don't see any other impairments on the horizon on the evidence at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Want to go back to the comments on withdrawals and sales in FSA, and maybe get a little more color as to what's driving, what seems to be a little bit of weakness there, at least seasonally speaking. I understand there is more pressure from the large case market, but at the end of the day I thought that pressure was already there in the last few quarters, so was little surprised to see numbers maybe a little bit below expectations.
Larry Zimpleman: I'll make a few comments, and again, I'm sure Dan will want to add. So first of all, as it relates to fourth quarter, recognize that sales results in fourth quarter for FSA were actually quite good. They were at $2.8 billion bringing the year-to-date $8.7 billion. Now, while that $8.7 billion is a little bit below what we might have expected going into the year, I would also say that there has been, as a general perspective, there has been a little less money moving in the marketplace. And I can tell you as somebody who has been involved in the Full Service Accumulation business for more than 30 years, we'll just leave at that, this is something that you always see. When you have a very strong equity market like we had in 2013, there will be fewer assets in motion. It just inevitably turns out that way. I think that's more of a psychological factor among plan sponsors and advisors than anything else. So on the flip side, our 2014 was a second best year for retention of existing Full Service Accumulation cases that we've ever had. So you do have sort of parallel dynamics that have been kind of going on within the FSA market. I think it's my judgment and Dan can offer his opinion here in sec. It's my judgment that actually that kind of competitive environment and that kind of pricing environment has actually been more rational in 2014 than it has been in prior periods. I think in prior periods, coming out of the financial crisis, everybody was sort of scrambling given the depth and pain of the financial crisis. Everybody was kind of scrambling to rebuild their retirement business, and frankly, we were part of that as well. But I think post 2013 and 2014 things have now sort of settled down and the dynamics of the Full Service Accumulation business have sort of gone back to normal. We are seeing salary growth. We are seeing new participants added. We are seeing increased deferral rates. So the normal factors that drive FSA revenue increases are more solidly in place. So I wouldn't want you to get too distracted by a quarter or a year. I think as we said in our comments, all the elements of health are very, very strong in FSA. So with that, I'll ask Dan to comment.
Yaron Kinar: And maybe just before that, just to clarify, when I talked about weak sales, I'm talking for the fourth quarter, not relative to other quarters of the year, so seasonally adjusted.
Daniel Houston: I would say the fourth quarter sales are actually relatively strong compared to a year ago. I think you can identify a couple of areas. One is that, for the full year we ended up having 11 large plans over $100 million a year ago versus six this year, so again disciplined underwriting on those plans. The other area where we saw some withdrawals was relative to large M&A where we may have had a smaller piece of the pie, the acquiring company was maybe two or three times our size. Larry spoke specifically to the issue of second best retention year ever; reoccurring deposit of 10%, we had good matching contributions, strong profit sharing contributions, new hires are in that mix. Whenever you can hold withdrawals to 6% on a 12% increase in account values and still retain your in force business and be more selective on choosing new plans, I think it speaks to the strength of the product line. And lastly, as we said in the script, we did have net cash flow for that SMB market right at 2%, well within the range. And that where the shortfall really falls is in that large $100 million market, which we know is volatile. Last comment I would make is, you could sell two or three large plans in the fourth quarter of this year and we probably wouldn't be sitting here today having the conversation about sales or net cash flow. And so it really does boil down to being selective and more particular about the plans we want underwrite. Hopefully that helps.
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question probably is best for Terry. So looking at the 10-year yields-to-date, about 100 basis points below of the yearend assumption that you came out at the time the outlook, and I realized during the prepared commentaries that overall the fee business is less sensitive to rates, but at the end of day there is some sensitivity. Maybe you can help us think about this sensitivity both the balance sheet and income statement?
Larry Zimpleman: Terry, you want to make some comments?
Terrance Lillis: As we talked about in the past, the sensitivity that the Principal has to the lower interest rate environment is probably a little bit less than what we've seen in some of our insurance peers, because of the strong asset liability management. As you said our fee-based businesses are 60% to 65% of our earnings, albeit there are some businesses that are affected by this, life business, our spread businesses. It does have a little bit of drag as the interest rate environment goes down, what we are seeing on the 10-year treasury. Although the 10-year treasury is not necessarily the only point that we look at. It's across the yield curve, and so as that yield curve flattens out it will have some other impact on us as well. So I guess, we can say that the drag that we'd have from our current interest rate environment maybe had a little less than 1% or so in terms of earnings for next year in 2015. Now that being said, the other part of that is the impact that it would have on sales. As you can see, we could have some drag on future sales and the fixed deferred annuity area, which we've considered somewhat opportunistic. But one of the things that's been counter to that is our Full Service Payout business that taking over that closeout business. We actually have our highest quarter ever in the fourth quarter with $464 million of earnings. And so that's an interest-sensitive business as well. So we do see that the lower interest rate environment will have an impact on us, albeit it will a little bit lower than what you've seen in some of our insurance peers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: First on FSA, I was hoping to clarify one thing. It looked like the rate of transferred deposits relative to sales was lower than normal. Was there some aspect of timing where some sales didn't hit transfer deposits that you'd normally expect this quarter?
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. There was. So I'll have Dan cover that.
Daniel Houston: Yes, Ryan, good catch. We did have a sale that was reported late in the fourth quarter of 2014 here, it will fund in 2015. So as you point out, it's just a little bit lumpy. It's just a matter of which quarter it fell into.
Ryan Krueger: Can you quantify how big that sale was?
Daniel Houston: I'd probably just not try to quantify that at this point in time. But it was a decent size plan, well in excess of $100 million.
Larry Zimpleman: I think, again, when you're interpreting, therefore when people kind of try to interpret into some degree over-interpret the net cash flow in a business like Full Service Accumulation. I mean literally it can be the decision on planned sponsors, do I send Principal their money on -- the transfer deposit on December 28 versus January 2. And that can be the difference in whether net cash flow is negative or positive. So that's why again, the real way to think about this business is to look at in on sort of either a trailing 12-month basis or some sort of calendar-year basis, and not try to assess whether some trend in a particular quarter represents a new trend. I would caution anyone again trying to do that for this kind of a business.
Ryan Krueger: And then I wanted to revisit the preferred stock that you can call in mid-2015, which seems to pretty likely to be a good economic decision to do that. But curious how you're thinking about the potential funding for doing that?
Larry Zimpleman: I'll maybe ask Tim. Tim not only oversees the investment portfolio, but also heads up capital markets and works with Terry around all of our capital structure. So I'm going to have Tim cover that for you.
Timothy Dunbar: Yes, right now we are reviewing plans for the preferred securities that, as you said, are open to prepayment or open to payment in mid-year. We look at that just in terms of what the after-tax cost to the organization is in different ways that we can fund that. But we haven't made our plans specifically for those yet. We are looking at that and view that we have a fair amount of flexibility. We don't need to call them, but we certainly can, if we want to.
Ryan Krueger: And am I correct that in your outlook guidance that that did not contemplate doing anything with those?
Timothy Dunbar: That is correct. It did not contemplate paying those off.
Larry Zimpleman: Just to add a really quick comment to that. Again, the existence of preferred stock on our capital structure is, it really goes back again to the days when we were far more of an insurance company than this sort of investment management company that we are today. And I think when you look at capital structures from those that are asset management or investment management, you typically wouldn't see preferred stock in their capital structure. So that's just to note that. And that's another part of our thinking, as we have that opportunity to take those out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: My question is for Dan, and you commented about the strong fund flows in Principal Funds three times industry average, I believe, for 2014. How long do you think that pace could continue for in terms of outperformance that is?
Larry Zimpleman: Again, I'm sure Dan want to add some comments. Again, the job that has been done by our team around the mutual fund business over the time since we bought Washington Mutual in 2007 has been really, really extraordinary. And I think we're now in our 20 quarter, maybe it's our 22 quarter of positive net cash flows. And what's really been interesting is to see that we've actually been, maybe not only continuing to outperform, but maybe increasing the level of outperformance. And it's a combination of really two things. One is, I think its great product development. And in general, again, we've commented on our outcome based strategy for our retail funds. And secondly, of course, it's based on having outstanding investment performance, which is predominately to the credit of Principal Global Investors. So we do have a number of new product launches. We launched seven new products in 2014. We're going to launch a number of new products in 2015. So I would have a full expectation for sales in 2015 that we're going to see at least a decent increase in sales, albeit when you get to the level of $20 billion in sales, sometimes it can be a little difficult to put up big increases against that. But I certainly have every expectation that we're going to continue to see very strong flows there. And having put enough pressure on Dan, I'll let him comment.
Daniel Houston: Yes, I share you enthusiasm, Larry. We'll have a strong lineup. And as Larry pointed out, we did have a very strong year for net cash flow, that is 20 consecutive quarters. What's probably most exciting to me about the success we enjoyed this past year, it wasn't one fund, it wasn't any one asset class, so it was collectively across the board with real estate, fixed income, equities, asset allocations and the hybrids, and adds with the existing portfolio. And again, Nora Everett and her team have worked very closely with Jim and his team to develop this outcomes-oriented strategy, solving for problems related to income and growth and waiting in the wings inflation solutions. This is very popular among advisors. They look at this as being very favorable in terms on bringing to their customers, which is why you noticed that we moved up one notch among the advisors sold funds. As Larry pointed out, we've got seven new products rolled out throughout 2014 across real estate, emerging market, credit opportunities, additional lifetime hybrid as well as small company stocks, again across the whole range of asset classes. And so I remain very enthusiastic about our ability to grow our funds business.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, and I know Jim wants to add a comment too.
James McCaughan: This is really just a comment about what happens next, since you are asking why have we been so strong and where does it go next. I would point out that in the last year or two the market has had very little appetite for active equity strategies in general. We have in that time developed what I would argue as one of the best ranges of active equity strategies in the industry. So as appetite changes, perhaps towards emerging equities at some point or towards small and mid-cap equities, I think we have a very good range to actually pickup the momentum rather than lose it, as client attitudes and preferences shift.
Larry Zimpleman: I hope that helps.
Seth Weiss: And if I could just ask one question, on the expense side of FSA, margins likely to come down in FSA, as expense growth outpaces net revenue growth. Can you give any granularity on that? And if this should be a little bit of a multi-year phenomenon or if we should just expect '15 to be a higher expense year and then level-off from there?
Larry Zimpleman: Again, I think we spoke to that a little bit certainly in the outlook call, and I will have Dan comment in a minute. I want to again just take a step back and kind of remind everybody on the call about the high level of performance that is already embedded, if we're talking about a sort of 30% to 32% kind of a pre-tax return on revenue. That is in and of itself a really outstanding result when you think about it. I mean that's again the equivalent. If you were to put that in ROE, return on equity terms, I mean that's an ROE that's in that mid-to-high 30% range. And there is an upper limit, as to how far you can drive margin. So I think that any of our shareholders would be very, very happy, if we have a five, 10, 15, 20-year period, where we can demonstrate a 30% to 32% return on net revenue over that period of time. That is simply outstanding performance that probably can't be really matched by any other type of business within financial services. So that's just sort of a background comment. And again, looking at trends from 2014 to 2015 or whatever, whatever, we're going to be influenced by DAC and other things that are a bit variable and non-recurring. So again, don't read too much into that. Think broadly and more longer term about the return that is coming out of that business. So, Dan, you want to comment?
Daniel Houston: When I think about FSA, I think it's probably one of our strongest areas for process improvement and driving cost out of the business, and at the same time maintaining strong customer service scores by both our advisors' participants and planned sponsors. Fourth quarter was a little bit lumpy. It had some expenses in there. When you parse it out, you find out, if you take for the quarter comp and other less management fees, we're actually down by about 2%. So again, good expense management. When you look at the one-offs here, and again I do not view these as a systemic, it's around some of the true ups around DAC, some commission, printing, postage, security benefit, sales comp. We rolled out a new mobile application and promoted that. We had a new landing page for participant education, both launched in the latter half of 2014, which showed up as a little bit higher expense. But overall, as Larry points out, very, very expense minded and disciplined about making sure that we manage these very aggressively. We'll always have some higher variable costs, as sales increase. You saw that in the mutual fund line. You also saw that in Specialty Benefits, where you don't have the DAC incapabilities that we do in most of our Full Service Accumulation. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first question on the PGI business. The unaffiliated flows I think were negative this quarter and part of that might have been Columbus Circle, but maybe if just Jim could give us a little bit more detail on that. And then secondly on share buybacks, you outlined the $800 million to $1 billion in deployment goal, and I think your dividend is based on the present rate are going to be close to $430 million or so this year than the AXA deal's $335 million. So it implies that what's left for deals and share buybacks is less than $250 million, and then you've got the preferred stock potentially being called. And also, my question was you didn't buyback any stock in the fourth quarter, is it possible that you don't do any buybacks in 2015, if you do find additional deals and/or if you retire the preferred stock?
Larry Zimpleman: So I'll try to give you a little bit of insight on the first one. And I'll have Jim cover the unaffiliated, and then if Terry wants to or Tim wants to add something, they can certainly to do that. First of all, I think on your second one, Jimmy, I mean, I think certainly first of all I agree with all of your math. And so I think what you would expect for share buybacks, if that's the specific question for 2015; generally speaking, I think what you would expect would be, and we've said this many, many, many times, our first priority in terms of share buybacks is to try to make sure we cover the anti-dilutive portion. So we would do share buybacks generally speaking with the idea that it would at least keep our share count flat. And we gave outlook in early December on what we expected the share count to be. As I said in my comment, Jimmy, we are seeing, have been and continue to see more opportunities for the kind of M&A that we like, either within the asset management space, maybe within the international space, maybe within the retirement space. We're actually seeing more of that than we have seen in a very long-time. And again, a lot of that is coming from the restructuring that is having to go on by some very, very large financial services companies, as they sort of remake their strategy, post the financial crisis. So I think it's in the interest of building long-term shareholder value for us to make sure that we're looking at every one of those opportunities. And when we can make very nice accretive acquisitions, like we think we will do with the AXA Hong Kong acquisition, we remain very, very interested in that. So I would expect again kind of limited share buyback. Certainly want to do the anti-dilutive, whether we do anything beyond that, probably really will depend on our success kind of in the M&A space. And so with that, I'll let Jim comment on unaffiliated.
James McCaughan: In the quarter the main negative on the unaffiliated flow was in our equity boutique. If you add up Columbus Circle or it in Principal Global equities, you had a net outflow of a bit over $1.5 billion. Most of that is client allocation away from active equity strategies, and particularly active core equity strategies. There was one particular piece, which you allude to in Columbus Circle, where about half of Columbus Circles' lost assets were related to a portfolio manager departure, in fact our hedge fund portfolio manager. The clients were taking some really quite big profits that they've made over the last two or three years. Some times you get a few hundred million flowing out with a big profit, and it's hard to say that that's bad for the clients. They are locking in profits. Our challenge is to find the next idea to make clients money worth. So that's the outflows. In terms of the inflows, I am delighted with, for example, Finisterre Capital, who just this week got an award in London from the industry for the best emerging market hedge fund of the year. They're in emerging debt and are seeing quite strong growth. Other high-yielding strategies, including Spectrum with preferreds post with high yield. Real estate has been a very much in-demand area. So it's a balance of some pretty big outflows on the active equity side and some inflows elsewhere. I think if I were to sum up the year as a whole though, I would say that I am very pleased with our new sales that were once again over $16 billion in these active specialty strategies for the non-affiliate business, very similar to the previous year. So sales are not the issue. I am a little disappointed or somewhat disappointed in our retention. It's fair that the clients take the money out of these particularly active core strategies. Our challenge and our management is very much on it and to make sure that those same clients look at our high added value specialties. So we are making vigorous efforts to improve the net flows. And really the focus is on retention and making sure that those clients are coming out active core strategies and see the interesting stuff and the high performing things we're doing.
Jimmy Bhullar: And Larry, just following up on your optimism about the M&A pipeline. Can you just briefly discuss the businesses and regions that you're targeting and where you see the most opportunity?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, again, as I said, I think that there is opportunity in the U.S., but I think we are seeing more opportunity in asset management and in international. And the other thing that I would say, and by the way within international, I think it is a little bit at the moment, I think, the trends has been it's a little bit more in Asia. And again, this is often times coming much like the AXA acquisition, Jimmy, this is coming more from European financial services companies who are, as I said earlier, still sort of recrafting their strategy, post the financial crisis. And again, often from the standpoint of pressure from regulators, trying to kind of simplify their business model, which can be a benefit for us. So again, that's going to continue to be an opportunity and we're going to continue to prioritize that. The last thing I'll say is, there is also of course the opportunity, Jimmy, that we can much as we did with Columbus Circle in terms of buying a bigger percentage of an asset management boutique, we also have potentially the same opportunity with some of our other international joint ventures as well. So that's another one that some times we don't mention as much. But that's a great opportunity, because these are already high-performing, highly-profitable companies, where the incremental return on capital is very, very high. So we also continue to look at that opportunity.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel: I had one quick follow-up for Terry. There was a question about the tax rate. And just thinking about the 21% to 23% range that I think you provided in your outlook for 2015, I believe you mentioned in response, 20% to 22%. I just want to make sure that that was a 2014 comment or has the outlook changed a little bit for the better?
Terrance Lillis: No, John, I think the 20% to 22% now is probably the run rate that we would see for '14 as well as going into '15. As you take in effective tax rate, a federal rate of 35% to get down there, you have a benefit from some dividends we receive. We also have equity method of accounting that has a play on that. We have tax favored investment. We also have foreign tax credit as well. And then the redeemable non-controlling interest impact on our business. So that last one is what drove down that 1% from that 21% to 23%, and that's somewhat volatile as we go into the year. Now, as we talk about effective tax rate, first quarter of each year we have to true-up for what happens in the prior year and that goes positive and negative adjustment to taxes, but we do adjust our accruals. So to the point that we were making earlier, the lower effective tax rate that we're seeing at this point in time, in large part is due to a true-up, a positive lower tax rate impact on from 2013 that we reflected in 2014. Hopefully that helps.
John Nadel: And then looking at Principal International, if I just look at the combined net revenue in 4Q, and I don't want to get overly focused on a single quarter to your point, Larry, earlier about trends, but that combined net revenue is only up 5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And that's despite, I'm guessing, there is some benefit from that extra month of Cuprum in that number. That's a huge decline in terms of the growth rate from the first nine months, which I think was up 17% or 18% year-over-year. So can you give us some sense for what drove that? Is it really just primarily currency? And how should we think about that relative to your outlook, I think which was for 8% to 10% growth in 2015?
Larry Zimpleman: I think there is two factors at work. I think there's two factors at work there in the current quarter. One is FX, which you mentioned. The other one that is at work there is encaje return, which were certainly more challenging in fourth quarter than they were in third quarter. So again, as I said before, trying to judge net revenue growth in any sort of one quarter is a little bit difficult. Having said that, if you asked us kind of normalizing for everything, adjusting for local currency, adjusting for encaje, adjusting for everything else kind of what's the underlying growth and run rate of the business, our answer would be in that 15%, 16% range on a local currency basis and adjusting for encaje. So I hope that helps.
John Nadel: And then the last one I've got for you, real quick, if I can sneak in and it's a bigger picture question. Over the last several years there's been a lot of talk, obviously with oil down where it's at about, how big a driver of employment growth in United States effectively the energy sector has been. And I guess, now with oil down where it's at and a lot of capital investment getting cut, likelihood that there is going to be some -- well, it's already started, but likelihood that there will be more employment cuts. I guess, I am thinking bigger picture. Have you guys thought about this, how big of a contribution has, that energy revolution, if you will, in the U.S. played toward your growth in the last four or five years, and thus how big of a potential pressure point might it be if this plays out?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, there is lot backed in there, John. So let me make a few comments. Jim, I know would want to comment as well. I have been a little bit surprised as I sort of watch the market press and other things commenting on the drop in oil prices, the extent to which it's taken on an overly negative term. I actually have little doubt that on the net-net basis, the decline in oil and energy prices is a positive thing for the U.S. economy. Now, if you are in the oil business or in the energy business, it could be very painful to you. And to your point there are going to be layoffs and other actions taken within the oil and energy sector, but if you think about how pervasive falling oil prices are in terms of helping consumers have more money in their pocket, which helps all retail companies. If you think about the reduction in cost for manufacturing and then you think about all of the manufacturing entities there are throughout the United States. Again, I have little doubt that net-net it actually will help to stimulate in some way a job growth in the United States. So I think some of the decline in oil price is kind of secular, but certainly I don't necessarily think we're going to be looking at $45 oil for the next 10 years. So oil will find its natural sort of landing spot somewhere between the $100 and the $45 and that will happen over time. So there is going to be adjustments in the energy sector, adjustments in the oil sector, but I think there will be more than compensating adjustments in other portions of the economy. And with that, I'll turn it over to somebody who knows a lot more about it than I do, which is Jim McCaughan.
John Nadel: First, I'd just want to say, I appreciate that commentary, Larry, very much. Thank you.
James McCaughan: Thanks Larry. You're too kind. I would point out that we are very diversified across the whole economy by industry and by location. So the stimulus that Larry mentions will be important and probably a pretty big majority of the areas where we have business. So our sensitivity to jobs is not something that would cause us too much concern at the moment. Indeed, I'd point to a piece of research that's been mentioned fairly widely that was done by our economics area and came out about two weeks ago, which was really about the tightness of the labor market and where pay rises are within all the data for over 3 million plan participants that we regularly see. And that was suggesting that within that small midsize business area there is better pay growth than there is in the economy as a whole. And we think that's actually a very optimistic sign that not only are those clients in general are doing pretty well, but the labor market is tightening in that area, and that will be good for the kind of businesses we have.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Larry, I'd like to go quickly in a different direction. The administration presumably in support of the DOL recently published the letter talking about fiduciary responsibilities and qualified plans. They did point to potential issues that they saw in 410k and other defined plans. I was wondering if you can maybe comment on regulatory issues out there.
Larry Zimpleman: I can, because I can tell you that both Dan and I along with Greg Burrows and our government relations' team in Washington spend a lot of time on this. Also as you know, I am the 2014 Chairman of the Financial Services Round Table, which is one of the trade organizations that works very hard on this issue and many other issues. The issue, the specific one, Steven, that you mentioned relative to the Department of Labor considering whether additional kind of rules are necessary around how advisors and pension providers interact with plan participants. Again, as you know, but others may not on the call, this has been an issue that's been sort of bubbling for a number of years. I think bubbling for a three or four or maybe even five years. And lately, there has been perhaps a belief as a result of memo that was written inside the Whitehouse by National Economic Council and made its way into the public sector that the administration and the Department of Labor maybe thinking about taking some action here. I would say that from my more detailed conversations and they include a conversation outside and inside the Whitehouse that I have had on this topic, I really believe the primary area, Steven, that they are looking at is in the area when participants terminate or retire and they move out of the 401k plan into a rollover IRA. There is some focus on the question about how you provide information and education to plan participants inside the 401k, but the primary focus, I think they have is on the rollover IRA situation. Again, we feel strong, and I think the industry feel strongly that participants need access to good information and good education in order to help them make the right decision when they come to benefit of end time. And I think the devil again is going to be in the details of how those rules, if it does go forward, how those rules would be crafted, because the worst result would be to not allow financial advisors to be able to Council with planned participants determination retirement to figure out what is a good choice for them in terms of benefit of event. So we're going to continue to work on the issue. The industry is very united across this. There are a number of trade organizations that are working on it. And I would, just as a last point say, when we ask or when I have been in these meetings and I ask examples, because if there is bad behavior going on out there, it's in our collective interest to make sure that that doesn't happen. We take as some very significant responsibility to work with our plan participants. And when we ask for examples, we can better understand the problem. I will say specifics tend to not be very forthcoming around where the examples are, so we can help to fix them on our own. So more to come, appreciate you raising it, we're very focused on it. This is a important issue for America. It's an important issue for the baby boom generation. It's a very important issue for principal and our customers.
Steven Schwartz: Larry just a follow-up. The letter also concentrated on revenue sharing. Is that a factor in your business?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, in a way, Steven, I think that issue has been sort of wedded and dealt with. And I think for the better, because I think today the disclosure that is out there today around revenue sharing is pretty complete. And we've always believe and we definitely believe that transparency is the best medicine, if you will. So we've always had a lot of transparency around all things, revenue sharing, and I think now the industry is in that mode as well. So I think while there maybe sort of some questions or comments in that particular treatise on that. I don't think that's really the focus for the DOL. I think it's more in the relationship between financial advisors and plan participants.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please. End of Q&A
Larry Zimpleman: Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. When I just say that again we look at our 2014 results and we're very, very pleased overall with the year and we're very, very pleased that 2014 was a year that we had not only record earnings for the company, but record earnings for each of our business segments. We do see momentum has been very strong behind every one of our businesses, that again as a result of great investment performance and very good day-to-day execution by our team. So again, thanks for your interest. We look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the near future.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 o'clock PM Eastern Time, until end of day February 6, 2015. 43546285 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you again for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP, IR Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman, President and CEO Terrance J. Lillis - EVP and CFO Daniel J. Houston - President, Retirement, Insurance and Financial Services James P. McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management, and CEO, Principal Global Investors
Analysts:  Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Erik Bass  Citigroup Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Suneet Kamath - UBS Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan:  Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Dennis Menken, Vice President of our Investment Team. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise them or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we get to the prepared remarks I'd like to announce some upcoming investor events. First, on the afternoon of November 21st we will host an event in New York City to provide an update on Principal Global Investors; our asset management business. Details are available on our website. We are also planning an update in the spring on Principal Internationals Latin American businesses. That event will be held Santiago, Chile on March 11. We hope that many of you are able to attend these events. Finally our 2015 outlook call will be held on morning of December 8th. We will provide call-in information closer to that date.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry D. Zimpleman : Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on three areas. First, I'll discuss third quarter and year-to-date results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution and long-term benefits of our strategy; and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned slides related to todays call are on our website. As you can see on slide four total company quarterly operating earnings of $354 million made this our third straight quarter of record earnings. As Terry will discuss the results included a $39 million benefit from our annual review of actuarial assumptions and methodology. However even adjusting for this we consider third quarter to be another strong quarter.  Third quarter results combined with a strong first half resulted in year-to-date 2014 operating earnings of $994 million. This is a 28% improvement over year-to-date 2013 results on a reported basis and a 23% improvement when adjusting for the actuarial assumption review. This is an outstanding result despite continued macroeconomic volatility and reflects the strength of our diversified business model and the ongoing momentum in our businesses.  Assets under management were $514 billion at quarter end, down 1% from mid-year. The strengthening of the US dollar reduced assets under management by $9 billion for the quarter. Solid sales and retention contributed to $2.7 billion of total company net cash flows for the quarter and $18 billion over the trailing 12 months. This demonstrates the competitiveness of our businesses, the outstanding investment performance we are generating and the strength of our distribution partnerships across the organization. Following our additional key growth metrics from the quarter, full service accumulation quarterly sales were $1.8 billion. We continue to strike the right balance between growth and profitability. Third quarter recurring deposits increased 9% over the prior year period reflecting the recovering economy and improving deferral rates as our retirement readiness initiatives started to take hold. Principal Funds had strong sales of $5.2 billion for the quarter. Net cash flows were $1.4 billion. This is Principal Funds 19th straight quarter of positive net cash flows. At 8% of account value Principal Funds net cash flows were almost three times the industry.  Principal Global Investors had $500 million of unaffiliated net cash flows which contributed to unaffiliated assets under management of $114 billion at the end of the third quarter. Total assets under management in Principal Global Investors were $307 billion.  Principal Internationals assets under management increased 13% over the prior year quarter to $116 billion despite the strengthening of the dollar. Coming off record net cash flows in the second quarter Principal International delivered strong third quarter net cash flows of $2.5 billion driven by continued strength in Brazil.  Specialty benefits premium and fees increased 9% over third quarter 2013 as a result of record third quarter sales and strong persistency. In plan growth over the past 12 months was 1.5%, the highest level since 2006 signaling more sustainable job growth. We continue to deliver products and solutions that are in demand with a focus on providing financial security to business owners, individuals and investors around the globe. We remain confident about our competitive positioning and our ability to continue to grow our businesses into the future.  Next I will provide a few updates on the continued execution of our strategy. Many of you had the opportunity to attend our investor event in September with members of our US Retirement Leadership team as they discussed the Principal remains competitive and is a retirement leader with key differentiators like Principal Total Retirement Suite and Retire Secure. These innovative approaches build stronger relationships with advisors, client sponsors and participants driving better persistency.  We are also focused on addressing retirement income gaps through our retirement readiness program called Principal Plan Works. Plan Works encourages plan level features such as auto enrollment and auto escalation to drive improved participation in deferral rates. Additionally we recently rolled out a new participant website designed to provide participants a quick view of their retirement savings and drive them to take action to improve their retirement readiness.  As slide five shows investment performance continues to be very strong and is a leading indicator of growth for our retirement and investment management businesses. At least 85% of Principal Funds investment options were in the top half of Morningstar rankings on a one, three and five year basis at quarter end. Principal Funds continues to perform very well. Funds had record operating earnings in the third quarter demonstrating our ability to turn the strong growth in recent years into bottom line results. Principal Funds continues to have great success executing on a strategy focused on asset allocation, multi-manager funds that address risk and income needs. 65% of Principal Funds assets under management are in Morningstar rank four and five star funds. We continue to expand on our outcome based funds lineup and enhance our investment platform. Through the third quarter we have launched four new fund products this year and anticipate launching three more in December and up to five more in 2015.  Principal Global Investors made two strategic announcements in the third quarter that enhanced our successful multi-boutique strategy; first, we announced the Principal Real Estate Investors, a dedicated real estate group of Principal Global Investors partnered with Macquarie Group to create a nationwide commercial lending platform known as Principal Commercial Capital. Principal Real Estate Investors will provide its underwriting and loan origination expertise but will not take on the balance sheet risk.  In addition we announced that Principal Global Investors has increased its ownership stake in Columbus Circle Investors from 70% to 95% with plans to acquire the remaining 5% over the next two years. Columbus Circle has performed exceptionally well since we first acquired a majority ownership in 2005 with assets under management quadrupling over that time. Investment performance was strong and we retained all of the key investment staff. This boutique remains an important part of our overall investment management strategy as it invests on behalf of all of our platforms.  Principal International had another quarter of record operating earnings despite continued macroeconomic headwinds. On a local currency basis operating earnings once again grew at a double-digit rate compared to the prior year quarter. A combination of our investment management expertise, our ability to effectively manage the business at a local level and our relationships with marquee distribution partners positions Principal International for continued long-term growth and success. An example of our strong distribution partnerships is the success of our joint venture in Brazil, BrasilPrev.  On the trailing 12 months basis BrasilPrev garnered 58% of net deposits in the Brazilian open pension market moving them into the number two spot for pension providers based on assets under management. This underscores the strength of Banco Brasils distribution reach and demonstrates the powerful long-term opportunities for BrasilPrev. Additionally we continue to focus on maximizing the voluntary savings opportunities in Chile. Cuprum voluntary sales increased 29% and net cash flows for voluntary products were five times higher than the year ago quarters results.  I also want to mention the continued strong performance from our Specialty Benefits Division. Our team continues to do an excellent job of maintaining above market growth with sound pricing discipline resulting in better than expected loss ratios. Providing leading employee benefit solutions to small and medium size businesses continues to be an important part of our strategy in the United States.  Next I will comment on capital management. Our fee based business model allows us to generate free cash flow and strategically deploy it to create long-term value for shareholders. We remain well positioned to deploy capital through a variety of options in addition to supporting organic growth. Last night we announced a $0.34 per share common stock dividend payable in the fourth quarter. This brings the annual 2014 common stock dividend to $1.28 up 31% over full year 2013. The merger and acquisition pipeline remains active with opportunities to further enhance our global investment management platform.  In closing I want to point out two third-party recognitions we received. I am especially pleased because both of these recognize our commitment across the entire company on corporate responsibility and sustainability. First, Principal Real Estate Investors recently received a Green Star designation for three funds from the 2014 global real estate sustainability benchmark survey including achieving the number one ranking out of 64 opportunistic investment strategy funds. Green Star is the highest ranking this organization provides. In addition the Principal was recently recognized as a leader among S&P 500 companies by the environmental non-profit organization, CDP for its actions to reduce carbon emissions and mitigate the business risk of climate change. We take being a socially responsible company very seriously and are proud of our recent recognitions of our efforts.  Before I turn it over to Terry I just want to take a minute to note that yesterday was the 13th anniversary of our initial public offering. At that time we had approximately $100 billion in assets under management and a solid position in the U.S. insurance and retirement markets. Our aspiration was to become recognized as a global leader in the mutual funds and asset management areas.  Since going public weve generated nearly $150 billion in net cash flows and assets under management have grown to over $500 billion. Thats our compounded annual growth rate of over 12% which is 2.5 times the growth of the S&P 500. But as pleased as we are about our results to date we are even more excited for the growth opportunities that lie ahead of us. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks Larry. This morning I will focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance on the investment portfolio and an update on capital deployment. Third quarter continued to build on our strong first half of 2014. Total company operating earnings of $354 million were up 31% over the prior year quarter. On a reported basis operating earnings per share were a record $1.19, a 32% increase over third quarter 2013 results.  Total company operating earnings for 2013 were a record $1.1 billion. Year-to-date 2014 operating earnings of $994 million are already 94% of that amount. We continue to successfully execute on our strategy and momentum continues to build across our businesses. With our continued shift towards a fee-based business model were increasingly well positioned for long-term growth. During the quarter we completed our annual actuarial assumption and model review. The impact from the review was predominantly recognized in the Individual Life division.  Individual Life had a net operating earnings benefit of $39 million or $0.13 per share. In third quarter 2012 we made a significant change in our long-term interest rate assumption and guide path. Thus the current year impact from the continued low interest rate environment was minimal. The benefit this quarter in Individual Life was driven by several updated assumptions and model enhancements including refined coverage periods and policy specific premiums.  On slide six we normalized third quarter 2014 earnings for two additional items. First, the encaje return in Principal International was $12 million or $0.04 per share better than expected. The higher than expected encaje returns are reflected in Street earnings expectations for the quarter and are consistent with the encaje return information available on the website we provided in the past.  Next, Individual Life claim adversely impacted earnings by $10 million or $0.03 on a per share basis. Analysis of claims points to random volatility which is inherent in risk-based businesses. Given what we have seen in the last few quarters we continue to analyze the results and well communicate any changes to our expectations if deemed necessary. On a normalized basis, earnings per share were a $1.05 up 13% over normalized prior year quarter.  At quarter end return on equity excluding AOCI was 14.1%. This is a 220 basis points improvement from a year ago. Organic growth contributed a 145 basis points of the increase as operating earnings improved 26% while mean equity increased only 6%.  Operating earnings during this time period benefited from favorable equity markets and high variable investment income which were partially offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and higher than expected mortality. Were still targeting 50 to 80 basis points of annual return on equity expansion as the strength of our diversified business model continues to provide many growth opportunities both domestically and internationally.  Now Ill discuss business unit results. Retirement and investor services delivered its eight straight quarter of double-digit operating earnings growth. For the accumulation businesses operating earnings were a $180 million, an increase of 19% over the year ago quarter.  Slide seven shows that the net revenue was up 11% over third quarter 2013 and up 12% on a trailing 12 month basis. Trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue improved to 34%. All-service accumulation operating earnings were $113 million, a 24% increase over the year-ago quarter. Net revenue growth of 9% combined with expense discipline resulted in an improvement in the trailing 12 month pretax return on net revenue to 35%. This margin has been held by the strong equity market returns over the past year and some positive one-time items that we have discussed in previous calls. Net cash flows for full-service accumulation were slightly negative for the quarter. In light of our shift in focus on asset sales to new business revenue we have become more selective on new sales, particularly at the large end of the market. We are increasingly focused on two measures, first on planned retention which was very strong at 97% year-to-date, up 100 basis points from a year ago and second, on capturing more assets to principle branded funds which is up 5 percentage points to 73% year-to-date on new sales reflecting strong investment performance.  Principal Funds third quarter operating earnings were up 25% from a year ago quarter to a record $28 million. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue was up 14% and operating margins continued to improve due to the scale-based nature of the business. For the quarter, Principal Fund sales were $5.2 billion, contributing $1.4 billion in net cash flows. Strong investment performance and are focused on outcome oriented products have led strong sales across multiple asset types.  Individual Annuities operating earnings was $31 million for the quarter. The increased fee revenue on our variable annuity business due to market appreciation continues to offset spread compression on our fixed deferred block of business. Looking at slide eight, the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services continue to perform as expected. We continue to approach these businesses opportunistically.  Turning to slide nine, Principal Global Investors quarterly operating earnings were $25 million, a 10% improvement over the year-ago quarter. Trailing 12 months pretax margin was 25%, slightly below our expectation of 26% to 28% for the year. Fourth quarter 2013 benefited from large performance fees which lowered the trailing 12 month pretax margin by approximately 100 basis points. We still anticipate increasing to a 30% pretax margin. We expect 2014 revenue in this business to be similar to 2013 levels. While management fee should grow in line with assets under management performance fees are less likely to reach 2013 levels.  Third quarter net cash flows from our fee base products were nearly $750 million which is partially offset by our opportunistic approach to the guaranteed business. Net cash flows at post advisory groups improved dramatically with only modest outflows during the quarter reflecting some rebalancing occurring in high yield. Quarterly performance remained in the top quartile.  Assets under management for Principal Global Investors increased 9% over the prior year quarter to $307 billion. Unaffiliated asset under management ended the quarter at $114 billion, a 7% increase over the year-ago quarter. Slide 10 shows record quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of $74 million, up 46% increase on a reported basis. As pointed out earlier results in the current quarter were helped by higher than expected encaje returns in Chile. While the strengthening of U.S. dollar dampens growth from comparing prior period results Principal International continues to perform well on a local currency basis. Operating earnings were up 12% over the prior year quarter after adjusting for normalizing items. On a trailing 12 month basis combined net revenue was up 20%, above our 16% to 18% expectation due to the strong encaje returns. Combined pretax return on net revenue was 52% on a trailing 12 month basis at the top end of our range.  As show on slide 11 Individual Lifes operating earnings were $52 million for the quarter, impacted by the items previously discussed.  Moving to slide 12, Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $31 million were roughly flat with the year ago quarter while the quarterly premiums and fees were up 9% over the year ago quarter. The loss ratio for the quarter remained strong at 64.5% relative to our 65% to 71% targeted range. The more favorable claims and strong growth in the current quarter were offset by lower expenses in the prior year quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis premium and fees were up 6%. This is above our expectation of 3% to 5% growth for the year. Trailing 12 months pretax operating margin of 11% is inline with our expectations.  For the quarter total company net income was $241 million, including realized capital losses of $55 million. Net credit related losses continue to be in line with expectations. We saw improvement in the commercial mortgage backed securities asset class with impairments of only $15 million in the quarter. Net income was negatively impacted by $58 million to the Chilean tax Reform Bill that was signed into law during the quarter.  The tax rate will increase overtime so the impact to operating earnings will be gradual. However, we adjusted our deferred tax liability for the ultimate tax rate in the third quarter. Unrealized gains were $2.8 billion at quarter end. As a reminder because of our strong asset liability management changes in net unrealized gains or losses due to interest rate movements do not result in an economic impact.  Our asset liability management expertise combined with strong liquidity allows us to avoid forced asset sales in periods of stress. In addition our predominantly fee-based business model limits our sensitivity to interest rate movements. As outlined on slide 13, our approach to capital deployment is balanced and focused on increasing long-term value for shareholders.  Weve now announced plans to deploy more than $855 million of capital in 2014, well above our $500 million to $700 million stated range for the year. In addition, to the third quarter common stock dividend and increased ownership in Columbus Circle Investors we repurchased $72 million of common stock during the quarter. We still have $50 million remaining from the previously announced share repurchase program.  In closing there are some macro-economic factors providing significant headwinds as we start the fourth quarter. However, we feel that our diversified business model positions us well for future growth in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator please open the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question will come from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  Good morning. First question is just on -- can you help us think through, I guess it would either be for Jim or Terry, can you help us think through the valuation on the Columbus Circle buyout? Was that just a contractual obligation, was that negotiated, because when I look at the implied valuation of $720 million it looks pretty high relative to what I would expect that to be earnings with AUM. Thats my first question. 
Larry D. Zimpleman : Okay Tom good morning, this is Larry. Ill have Jim take that one for you. 
James P. McCaughan: Tom I think you have to see that final payments in the context of the incentive structure at Columbus Circle. And to take you through the whole story as quickly as I can, so the first 70% at the end of 2004 we paid $60 million. Obviously the company was way smaller then and management has done a fine job growing it, and weve obviously supported that. We paid a further $180 million, $179 million for the next 25% share. What that means is weve effectively for $240 million bought a company thats current value must be around $500 million if you mark it to market.  Now as you remarked the price we paid for the 25% looks to be pretty clearly above market. That was a contractual formula we settled on five or six years ago, very deliberately to incent management to go strongly for growth and to build a very sound business. Management has delivered on that, so thats why they got a good price for the further 25%. And from a Principal point of view weve ended up with a very valuable asset. Weve also by the way in the ten years we owned it received almost a $180 million of dividends from Columbus Circle. So if you add this all up this has been a really tremendous acquisition. The return on the capital invested so far has been in the high teens. So I think were poised to make this very successful.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse:   Okay. That's pretty clear Jim. Thanks. Just a follow-up on the mortality and individual life this quarter. Now I know the actuarial review had gains and I presume those were non-mortality related. Can you just address the issue of what has been, I guess different quarters of weak mortality over the last two or three years and whether or not that was factored into the actuarial review and how would you think about that in the context of the balance sheet? Thanks.
Larry D. Zimpleman : Yeah, Tom. This is Larry; I'll make a few comments and maybe ask Dan or Terry to comment as well. I think if you look back over about the last three or four years I think the last sort of 15 quarters we've had a little higher mortality in about seven of those quarters. So in the current quarter Tom, the higher mortality really was more a matter of severity than it was of frequency. So we are going to take a further look into that. I think it's something that we do need to pay a little bit of attention to.  Having said that the mortality was not really an issue in the actuarial assumption review. We took our appropriate steps a couple of years ago, relative to interest rates and other economic factors. The adjustments this time were more related to lapse rates and the reinsurance cost and what I would call sort of maybe some secondary factors, rather than basic mortality or interest rate. So let me see if Dan wants to add anything.
Daniel J. Houston : Yeah, maybe just a couple of data point. So Larry the first is which on a year-to-date basis we look at large claims its actually been about one less that we would have been expected for that period of time. But to the comment that made in the earlier comments the severity of those large claims has been more significant. We would have been expected maybe $384,000 versus $800,000. So this is severity issue. We are taking a very hard look at this. We got a group of senior executives drilling down to take a very, very hard look at the business and make adjustments as necessary. But at this point in time we do not think that we get a systemic problem. This is all in the course of the volatility associated with a life block like this.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: So Dan nothing, because I remember several years ago you all had mentioned the IOE issue is, you are not tracing it back to that per se right now?
Daniel J. Houston: We're not. We can identify through four very large claims had they not occurred we wouldn't have had the mortality expense that we have. As you know our business is bifurcated, some has more reinsurance than others and unfortunately in these instances they were just almost freakish sort of claims. So again more validation and we don't think this is a systemic issue, its more of a situational one but again that wont keep us from really digging into the details.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks.
Daniel J. Houston: Thanks Tom.
Operator: The next question will come from Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. If I could just follow up on the actuarial review and I believe you mentioned that the impact from interest rates was minimal for the quarter. Could you comment on how you reset the glide path of interest rate improvements in the future in your [substance]?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, Seth this is Larry. I'll have Terry make a few comments. To go back again I think you really understand this year you have to sort of go back and look at what was done in the past. I know some comments have been written as to whether does this indicate other companies are going to have comparable sort of positive numbers or rather negative numbers and of course theres no way to ever really make any conclusion on that unless you have a sense of what each company has done up to this point in time.  So sort of the trough at this point and again it's up till now the trough really was in 2012, where at that time the ten year treasury was sort of give or take in the range of 175. Today it's sort of give or take to 220. So from the time we actually took the hit in 2012, which I think is around $90 million, interest rates are now actually up about 45 basis points. At that time, we not only lowered the loan term interest rate but we also changed the so called glidepath that you referenced in your question.  So we expected the portfolio rate was going to continue actually go down from that point for another three or four years and that's kind of exactly what's happened.  So what I'd say is again we took the adjustment in 2012. It has sort of trended or followed that path that we expected it to follow in 2012. So there is very little need to do any particular updating. So Terry, do you want to add anything?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, its Terry, just have a few additional comments on it. Each quarter we take a look at any significant items that may have changed but in the third quarter of each year we do an annual actuarial review of our models as well as our assumptions. We look at interest rates, we look at mortality, we look at lapses, expenses, premiums, reinsurance all the different drivers of those long-term actual models and as Dan said we look at mortality this quarter decided that it was a more of a few random isolated cases so we did not adjust for the mortality at this point in time but we will continue to look at it. As Larry said, in 2012 we looked at the low interest rate environment has turned the ultimate rate and lower ultimate rate down by 50 basis points at that point in time. But probably equally as important and maybe more so important is the glide path with which to get there. Each company will have their own opinion as to this but I think one of ours is probably a little bit more conservative as to how long it takes us to get to that glide path. A year ago we looked at the raising interest rate environment, the environment at that point in time and decided, we are not seeing a significant change in the glide path that we would warrant a positive unlocking a year ago and it served us well again this year.  We did again look at the trajectory out to that longer term rate we feel very comfortable with our ultimate rates for each of our businesses. We feel very comfortable in terms of the glide path but as we have mentioned before these are just a couple of the components that impact the actuarial unlocking. The last point Id make on this actuarial unlocking for the $39 million that we called out impacting the life area was -- that was really a conservative assumptions that we have had over the last six or seven years and so in a lot of cases you will see an unlocking will bring in profitability or losses from future years. This is all with respect to the last six or seven years of understating some profitability. So we are very comfortable with the actuarial review at this quarter and unlocking that we called out.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thats very helpful. And if I could just, I suppose follow-up on that and I know you havent given specific quantitative landmarks in terms of where rates need to get to but I believe that general commentary at least back in the third quarter of 2012 when you and some others changed the interest rate assumptions, was following the forward curve in the near term which rates have actually followed pretty closely what the forward curve suggested, if you go back two years ago. But then I believe that it implied a faster improvement in interest rates if you look forward three to five years, going back to 2012 or coming up upon that.  So the question is if we just follow todays forward curve going forward is that not going to be fast enough rate of improvement in order to avoid balance sheet charges in future years?
Terrance J. Lillis:  No, Seth this is Terry again. No, I think what we are looking at right now is an ultimate rate that is probably -- and varies based upon the product under duration obviously but if you are looking out 30 years, 25-30 years into the future the forward rates are probably pretty closely where we would expect them to be at that point in time.
Larry D. Zimpleman:  Seth, this Larry. I am going to add one higher level comment. You know Individual Lifes business remains very important to us strategically but I also think its important that investors not lose sight of the fact of the substantial growth thats happened over the last few years is going to continue to happen with our fee base businesses so, what you are talking about there again is roughly give or take somewhere between 5% and 8% of our total company earnings attributable to Individual Lifes. So we could talk about sort of the unlocking and there is going to be some noise from time to time but I dont want to let that obscure the real trend which is happening which is really the growth in the fee base businesses. So just wanted to add that comment as background.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:   Understood, thanks a lot for the comments.
Operator:  The next question will come from Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass  Citigroup:  Hi, thank you. Can you talk about what drove the decline in the pretax margin in PGI this quarter? And it sounds like from your comments in the script you still are comfortable getting to the 30% plus range for pre-tax margins over the next two years. So if you can just talk about kind of what are the key drivers there?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Yeah, you bet. Ill have Jim cover that for you. 
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, thanks Erik. Firstly theres always a lot of fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. So really better to look at the trailing 12 months to move that out, to get the trend. First thing to say as a broad context is the industry is suffering and has been suffering in the last two years as assets have moved to passive and to liability driven investing. We are in those businesses but we are not big players.  So in terms of flows, the main point is flows are very loopy businesses and thats put some pressure on industry margins. What that pressure is meaning is that we are going to take longer to get to that 30% we have talked about. If I look to the current quarter however it was a pretty low quarter for both transaction fees on real estate and for performance fees generally. So that actually means that it was if anything a pretty low quarter if you look at the fluctuations quarter-to-quarter.  Secondly in conjunction with the general churn in the industry, the net flow consists of some pretty big inflows and outflow and the inflows of course are not cost free. Theres cost including commissions of putting that business on the books. So thats actually one of the factors that brought the margins down a bit for this particular quarter. Now of course being able to take in assets in contrast to many in the industry because of our performance and our distribution reach is long-term good for the business but short-term it does cause a bit of a margin impact. If you look at the trailing 12 months, which I encourage you to think of as the glidepath towards that 30%, firstly the fourth quarter 2013 will fall off. That was a low margin quarter because of the particular set of incentive fees we had in that quarter. We are pretty confident the trailing 12 months will again show some progress and be in albeit lower level of that 26% to 28% range we previously talked about. But we are on course to continue improving margins. The real reason I am confident of that is that the business we are putting on the books at the moment is both very well priced and should be quite profitable looking forward. The margin of new business is very profitable. Thats really the root of our confidence that we are headed for 30%. 
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Thank you, thats helpful. Any sense of, I mean at this point how quickly you would assume that pace of expansion from kind of getting that 26% to 28% to the 30%.
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, we will get more formal about that in the guidance call, but I think its fair to say the industry background makes it fair that it will take a year or two more than we perhaps thought when we first started.
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Okay, thanks. And then if I could ask just one other margin question this time on [RIS] accumulation. At Investor Day you talked about continuing to target to 28% to 32% return on net revenue overtime and outlined a couple of factors that could pressure margins other than just the market decline. I think you also suggested the margins could remain above that target near-term if the markets hold up. So can you just help us think about how long it would take for margins to decline from the current level to that, and at 28% to 32% range if the market performs inline with your expectations?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Okay, Erik Ill have Dan cover that.
Daniel J. Houston : Hi, Erik, this is Dan. I would say over the course of next couple of years again we have had really nice tailwinds here in the last two years driving equity markets and its been really nice obviously. But again when we validate those long-term earnings rates we feel very confident that we can hold up into those ranges, in fact they are up slightly and a lot more to do with just how positive the markets are right now as opposed to anything else.
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  The next question will come from Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Gentlemen PGI typically in the fourth quarter of a good year you will receive some performance fees that will flow through the income statement. I am wondering if you could give us a directional sense of where they may shake out this year.
Larry D. Zimpleman : Thats a terribly hard thing to do given volatile markets and even a well-managed hedge fund which is where the big numbers tend to come from can have individual months drawdowns in the low single-digits and that can affect the amount we make. As of the end of September we were confident of a decent fourth quarter but not as big as a performance fee as last year. And I think thats probably about the best I can say right now because there is a high degree of uncertainty until you really get into the closing stretch.  But the other thing Id point out though is we were little unfortunate last year in that the big performance fee came through on a petro hedge funds where we have a very historical agreement, a very legacy agreement with the team that we will pay them a large proportionate incentive comp of the carry on the fund. So the funds we set up and developed more recently we have a more market deal. So there wont be the adverse impact on margins if it flows through as expected. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, thank you, thats helpful. And then just going back to the change in the tax law in Chile so the effective rate overtime will creep up to 27%, is that correct?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Thats correct. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And then how long will that take?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Five years, four to five years. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay and the charges related to deferred tax liability, which is why you put a plug on?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Thats right. I mean we sort of believe -- this is Larry, Sean, we sort of believe that the operating earnings metric is best suited to sort of help to predict how the businesses themselves are doing, not some of the other balance sheet impact. So to put the -- at least in our thinking the way we construct operating earnings to put a one-time item like a reset of the deferred tax asset into an operating earnings number would make it more difficult for you to try to understand and to get a reasonable estimate of what the run rate earnings of the business are. So thats why to us it made sense to put it in the other after tax adjustment. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi, first question for Dan just on FSA flows and deposits. They seemed a little weak this quarter I think you were optimistic at the last call that things were going to improve in the second half. So maybe you could talk about how youre balancing margins and flows in that business and how the competitive environment is and maybe talk about the pipeline as well? And then secondly for Larry or Terry, youve spent more on buybacks and deals and dividends this year than you had indicated previously. So should we assume that youre going to be active on buybacks through the remainder of the year as well or not?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Okay Ill have Dan take the FSA one first, Jimmy. 
Daniel J. Houston : Yeah, Jimmy, good morning. Good strong margins, good recurring deposits, good strong revenue growth, a little light in sales at 1.8 billion versus prior quarter $2.7 million, we have one sale just this last, year ago quarter that was nearly a $1 billion. So again if you wanted to kind of compare the two numbers were closer to be on top of one another than perhaps you realize. The large case market is more lumpy, thats a reality.  When we validate the value proposition of TRS working with our alliance partners, executing our planned works, thats all still very much resonating with our customers. Theres been a pick up here recently in terms of the size of the pipeline and say the first half of the year the pipeline is pretty light. Again strong investment performance, probably contributes to some of that. In terms of value proposition again when I look at investment performance, as I mentioned in the earlier comments weve got very, very strong performance coming from Jim and his team for our Principal branded funds. We had 88% of our funds, five year level that are in the top two quartiles which makes our existing customers happy and prospective clients pleased.  We got record retention during that period of time. And the other item Ive brought this up on previous calls, but when I look at our DCIO business which again is taking advantage of our investment management capabilities without necessarily buying our record keeping, thats up double from where it was in 2011 and $3.3 billion in terms of the shift and net cash flow a little bit light, its negative a couple of $100 million. Again were still coming in on top of that net cash flow, which would be somewhere net of 1.5 billion on a year-to-date basis which would put us at the low end of our range of 1% to 3% of beginning year account balance. So its not performing that unlike what we would have expected. And the difference is probably a few larger cases.  But again were going to stick to our focus on being disciplined, on profitable growth and write businesses that are going to allow us to execute on all of business, all the values that we bring as an asset manager in addition to being a provider of services to participants and plan sponsors. So hopefully that helps Jimmy. 
Larry D. Zimpleman : So on your other question, well, maybe just a quick comment Jimmy on your first one, which is if you had, if you as an analyst or you as an investor had a choice between two different paths, one path would have higher sales and less retention. The other path would have lower sales and higher retention, 2014 represents that second path and that second path is actually a better economic outcome to have somewhat lower sales and better retention, because your most profitable business in the dollars that you have on the book. So actually of the two paths, we like this path better.  Now on your question on buybacks, again I think we have been more consistent on this issue, certainly than many of our insurance peers but even more I think than many other public companies. We have said now for some period of time we are less oriented towards share buyback. We think we are among a very small set of companies that can organically grow our earnings and use that to grow EPS. And so we think about share buyback as simply a tool to offset dilution, and that's essentially what's happened over the last couple of years as we use share buyback offset dilution. We have allowed the businesses to grow organically and that provides EPS.  I think as I sit here today Jimmy and I look forward I think that's going to continue to sort of be the formula. We have a lot of opportunities, as we said before in the script, we have a lot of opportunities around M&A. I think for those who are long term shareholders, the best thing we can do is to use our capital to deploy it to grow our businesses and grow shareholder value over the long term. And so that's what we're going to continue to do. We will continue to move the dividend up. I think a 31% increase in our common stock dividend this year should be viewed very positively by investors but share buyback, while it is a real stat it's not something that we have to go to in order to grow EPS which is what most companies end up having to do. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And the deal focus primarily I am assuming is asset management and international?
Larry D. Zimpleman: That is correct.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Larry D. Zimpleman: You bet.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Thanks and good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. First on the asset management business, and specifically the buy ins of -- any future buy ins of boutiques, are there any more deals that were sort of structured like the Columbus Circle that we should be thinking about over the next couple of years in terms of good options and the like. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, Ill have Jim cover that, Suneet, good morning. 
James P. McCaughan: Thanks, Suneet. The only one that's on a similar formulaic pattern is actually the further 5% of Columbus Circle which there is no guarantee that we expect to be able to buy that in from management over the next two or three years. So that would be on the same sort of structures I described. Since about six or seven years ago, really the rules around put and call options have made it much more advantageous to go with pure market value assessments and so the exact structure I described in Columbus Circle is not replicated on the other puts and calls.  Where management have equity in the boutique we generally do have put rights for them particularly if they want to retire and call rights for us some years out in the future. But really the further 5% of Columbus Circle is the only one that imminent in the next year or two.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay. Got it. And then I guess for Dan on FSA just a follow up on Jimmy's question. I guess at the beginning of the year you had talked about flat sales. It looks like fourth quarter would have to be a pretty huge quarter for that to happen. So any sense on what your full year outlook is now for sales and given some of the market dynamics that you mentioned, how should we be thinking about 2015 sales growth?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Yeah. So this is Larry I'll just make a couple of high level comments. You know we're now little bit focused Suneet on sort of the revenue generated by the sales, rather than the AUM generated by the sales. And so we had a certain target sort of thinking that 2014 was going to represent an FSA sales volume and net revenue new volume that would be comparable to 2013. And I think while we may fall little bit short on the asset component we do expect to be pretty close in terms of the revenue generated off of that sales volume being very comparable in 2013. So again all-in-all in an era where there is less money in motion, I think thats actually a pretty good result and as I said we are seeing retention at an all-time high, which again adds to the margin and to the profitability of the business. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay and then just one last one, just on that same topic. So I think Dan you had said earlier or somebody had said earlier that about 73% of new FSA sales are going into Principal Fund how high do you think that number could go? I would imagine at some point youll hit a ceiling but I just dont know if you have a sense of how high that number could go?
Daniel J. Houston : Yeah, I think the ceilings a 100%. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: You could actually do a 100% you think?
Daniel J. Houston : Well, I like think we could because investment performed just good. In all seriousness the reality is it really differs by the size of the plan. The smaller the plan the higher profitability youre going to have a higher percentage allocated to Principal funds and if I look at that emerging market which is under $5 million thats north of 80%, 85%. If I look at that dynamic on a 5 to 50 those numbers kind of settle in the 70s. Its when you get to the really large cases where you get this volatility if you wanted to you can write a lot of plans where you didnt manage any of the assets and you did 100% of the record keeping. The economics on that are not very good.  The reality is that space is going to probably end up settling into that 50% to 60% of Principal managed accounts. The good news is weve got really good value proposition with the service package and investment performance is good which leads to being more selective, more disciplined and we just finished a institutional client conference in September with some of our largest clients, had the opportunity to showcase what were doing, some of the new plan -- some of the new investment options, some of the new services, in particular about helping their future retirees do a better job planning for retirements called Plan Works.  The feedback could not have been more positive. So again it reinforces that we feel that our strategy is very much on point. We may see sales, as Larry pointed out, measured by assets down say 5% or 10% on a full year basis relative to a year ago. And at some point we may have a more sedate conversation about the difference in our model that values assets under management versus assets under administration because those are two very different models and I suspect the industry will start bifurcating to some extent along those lines. 
James P. McCaughan: Yeah if I can add to reinforce Dan points, Dan made some excellent points but I would emphasize that his team and mine, in other words the retirement services people and the product people within Principal Global Investors work very, very closely together designing capabilities that provide outcomes that are attractive to the plan participant. And thats why ultimately were doing better in terms of the allocations that are coming both from the fund sponsor level and funds participant level. Its not as well as something I would argue the strongest suite of investment products in the industry that makes us so confident we can keep in on in this direction. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: And those large cases that youre talking about where maybe you get a smaller than average percentage of the asset management mandate, is that forming about a third of your new business?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Yeah, thats probably a good number. I think in years past it could have been as much as 50% but if we settle down on a third, small third medium and a third large and those large plans are ones that really value the entire suite of services products and investment line up thats probably not a bad place for our stand up. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Terrific, thank you. 
Larry D. Zimpleman : Thanks Suneet. 
Operator: The final question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Hey good morning everybody. Mostly asked and answered but I am interested in any update you might be willing to give on expansion in Asia and of course particularly in China anything happened in the quarter?
Larry D. Zimpleman : Okay this is Larry, Steven. So as you know weve had a very successful -- Ill talk about China first and then make few comments on Asia and see if Luis wants to add anything. Weve had a successful mutual fund company in China since 2006 and again for those not as familiar with our businesses or partner, there is China Construction Bank which is a very large state-owned bank, today probably the third or fourth largest bank in the world. And thats been a very successful effort in the mutual fund and asset management space. But the desire is to hopefully someday get into the retirement business in China. That business exists today its called Enterprise Annuity but its been limited to local companies.  And so we continue to travel over there, to visit with regulators, recognizing their need to deal with aging which in China is one of the most aged populations on the earth because of the one child policy. So we remain hopeful, although I dont think well have anything to announce in the near term on that particular project but we do remain hopeful that overtime we think if and when they expand that industry well be one of the first ones allowed in.  More broadly across Asia, Steven, its a great question and what I would say is, and I mentioned this in the opening comments, there is more activity and some of that is in Asia and most of that is coming out of banks, primarily European banks, but some U.S. banks who are in the process, as I think everyone knows of having to get out of geographic markets that are not meaningful and having to get out of tangential businesses that are not meaningful.  So the regulatory pressure on the larger banks continues to be pretty severe and that gives companies like Principal I think a great opportunity and weve done a number of acquisitions in Asia although theyve been pretty small. You may remember last quarter we announced an acquisition in Thailand, thats kind of small on one hand but it actually doubled the size of that Thailand business. So again its a matter trying to sort of get to scale within each of the seven countries in Asia where we operate. So anything you want to add Luis? No, okay I hope that helps Steven. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Yeah, I appreciate it. Thanks guys. 
Larry D. Zimpleman : All right take care. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A, Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please. 
Larry D. Zimpleman : Yeah I just wanted to say thanks to all of you for joining us on the call this morning. Were very pleased with our results to-date in 2014 and we look forward to a strong finish to the year and so with that thanks for joining us. I hope to see many of you on the road in the coming months. Have a great day. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays conference. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 12 PM Eastern Time today, until end of the October 31, 2014. 8844037 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or 404-537-3406 international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc. Daniel Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services James Patrick McCaughan - President of Global Asset Management
Analysts:  Yaron Kinar  Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Erik Bass - Citigroup Shawn Dargan - MacQuarie Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise them or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we get to the prepared remarks, I'd like to announce that on the afternoon of September 12, we will host an investor event to provide an update on our Retirement Investor Services business. That will be held in New York City. We will provide more details in the next few weeks. We are planning subsequent investor events including an update on our Asset Management Business in New York City, an update on Principal International that will be held in Santiago, Chile. We hope that many of you are able to attend these events. Now I will turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on three areas. First, I'll discuss second quarter and year-to-date results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution and long-term benefits of our strategy; and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are on our website. As you can see on Slide 4, that Principal had another strong quarter resulting in record results and a great first half of the year. Total company operating earnings were a record $323 million in second quarter 2014, a 19% increase over the year ago quarter. Year-to-date operating earnings of $640 million were up 27% over the same period last year. This continued earnings growth demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our diversified business model. Our businesses face continued macroeconomic volatility, we remained focus on executing our strategy and maintaining expense discipline in order to capitalize on the momentum thats been building for the last several years. Principal achieved a major milestone during the second quarter as assets under management surpassed $0.5 trillion. Total company assets under management were a record at $518 billion at the end of the quarter as a result of total company net cash flows of $5.5 billion for the quarter and strong investment performance. With multiple growth engines and an established track record as a global investment management leader, we look toward achieving $1 trillion in assets under management in five to seven years. Following our additional key growth metrics from the quarter, Full Service Accumulation sales were $1.4 billion in the second quarter. Second quarter sales tend to be the lowest results for the year and we expect full year 2014 sales to be in line with 2013 levels. Principal Funds sales were $4.7 billion for the quarter. Net cash flows were strong at $1.8 billion, and as a percentage of our block continue to outpace the industry. This is Principal Funds 18th straight quarter of positive net cash flows reflecting strong investment performance and our ability to offer solutions that financial advisors and retail investors seek. Principal Global Investors ended the second quarter with record assets under management of $307 billion including record unaffiliated assets under management of $114 billion. Principal International had record assets under management of $119 billion at the end of the second quarter. As a testament to the power of our emerging market strategy, assets under management in Latin America surpassed $100 billion in the quarter. Quarterly net cash flows for Principal International were a record $4.3 billion, driven primarily by improved investor sentiment and strong sales in Brazil. Individual Lifes business market focus continues to be a differentiator for us with 55% of second quarter sales coming from non-qualified deferred compensation and business owner and executive solutions. Second quarter sales increased 11% over second quarter 2013 excluding the intentional slowdown of Universal Life with secondary guarantee sales. Specialty benefits premium and fees increased 6% over second quarter 2013 as a result of $62 million in sales and strong persistency. Across the company, we continue to win and retain business as a result of our innovative products and services and through our diversified distribution platform. We remain confident about our competitive positioning across the globe and our ability to continue to grow our businesses into the future. Next, Ill provide a few updates on the continued execution of our strategy. The need for our products and services is greater than ever with an aging worldwide population, a growing number of people in the middle-class in emerging markets and a shortfall of retirement savings among workers. We remain committed to helping business owners, individuals and investors around the world, achieve financial security and success. In full service accumulation, our key differentiators like Principal Total Retirement Suite and innovative plan design features such as Principal Plan Works which focuses on retirement readiness for each participant, continue to position us as a retirement leader in the US. We have the ability to impact more than 4 million participants, for their employers and advisors to help them take action to secure their financial futures. The work we do is meaningful and is making a difference. Its something we never lose sight of. World-class customer satisfaction continues to be a differentiator as indicated by our US retirement customers in a recent Chatham Partners survey. Overall satisfaction with the Principal continues to be strong with 97% of clients reporting satisfaction with their client service team and that they plan to maintain or increase their relationship with the Principal. While a lot of focus is given to sales results, in our view, retention is just as or even more important. Retaining clients and account value where we have already incurred upfront installation expenses have an understanding of how much ongoing work is involved with the client and have built the relationship with key personnel is more beneficial to the bottom-line than new sales. Just to put some numbers on this, our year-to-date client level retention in full-service accumulation is 98%, 100 basis points better than our average over the last five years. This translates to $1.6 billion of additional account value that we have retained this year. This improved retention has a meaningful impact on our ability to grow operating earnings. As Slide 5 shows, investment performance remains very strong and is a leading indicator of growth for our retirement and investment management businesses. The percent of Principal Funds in the top half of Morningstar rankings on a 1, 3 and 5 year basis are 79%, 88% and 89% respectively which is one of our most competitive performances ever. Principal Funds continues to gain market share as a result of strong investment performance in asset classes that are in demand. 60% of Principal Fund assets are in 4 and 5 stars Morningstar rated funds. This has helped Principal Funds become the 15th largest advisor sold fund family up four spots in the last 12 months. In Principal International, our leading position in Latin America, not only allows us to reach millions of people needing our retirement expertise and product solutions, but also provides us an opportunity to have a seat at the table with policy makers. Newly elected Chilean President, Michelle Bachelet recently visited the US and attended a Chamber of Commerce event in Washington DC. I was fortunate enough to be one of four CEOs to meet privately with Ms. Bachelet to discuss topics such as tax and pension reform in Chile. In addition, Principal Internationals senior management recently presented their recommendations to the Bravo Commission, a group of global pension experts appointed by the Chilean government to evaluate the current Chilean pension system. We feel confident that any potential reform will help not hinder our efforts to further improve retirement security for the people of Chile. In addition to growth in the mandatory pension fund market in Chile, voluntary sales continue to gain traction and voluntary net cash flows were up three folds in Cuprum over the prior year quarter. The Principals ability to offer both mandatory and voluntary solutions in Chile gives us a competitive advantage. Our partnership with Banco Brasil contributes to our leadership position in Latin America as well. As Brasilprev continues to be a focal point or Bancos subsidiary public company BB Seguridade. BB Seguridade provides an excellent way to understand the performance of our joint venture in Brazil. Bancos powerful distribution channel combined with our retirement expertise will continue to drive our long-term leadership position in Latin America. As an example, Brasilprev accounted for 65% of total net flows for the entire retirement industry over the past 12 months. We continue to gain traction and are in recognition in Asia as well. CIMB Principal in Malaysia and Principal Trust Company in Hong Kong were both recognized as Country Asset Manger of The Year Winners in the 2014 asset AAA Investor and Fund Management Awards. As the retirement industry continues to mature in Asia, Principal is already a recognized leader and in the top position to capitalize on opportunities in these select markets. As I mentioned, Principal Global Investors ended the quarter with record total assets under management of $307 billion and record unaffiliated assets of $114 billion. However, it was disappointing to experience unaffiliated net outflows of $500 million during the quarter. The outflows were at post advisory group or due to a portfolio manager change we had net outflows of $2.3 billion for the quarter. However investment performance at post remains strong and we expect the outflows to improve quickly. Without the outflows at post, Principal Global Investors had unaffiliated net inflows of $1.8 billion, a good result in a highly competitive market. The strength and diversity of our multi-boutique investment platform combined with strong performance continues to position Principal Global Investors as a leading global asset manager. Ill close with some comments on capital management. With record operating earnings and net income, we remain well positioned to increase shareholder value through a variety of capital deployment options. In the second quarter, we paid a $0.32 per share common stock dividend and bought back more than $60 million of shares. Additionally, last night, we announced a $0.34 per share common stock dividend, payable in the third quarter 2014, a 6% increase over the prior dividend and the fourth increase in the last five quarters. We remained focused on increasing our dividend payout ratio over time to our target of 40% on a growing net income base. The announced dividend brings our year-to-date capital deployment to $575 million and we expect to end the year at or above the top end of our $500 million to $700 million stated range. Finally, the merger and acquisition pipeline remains active and includes opportunities to further enhance our global investment management platform. Our fee-based business model allows us to generate free cash flow and strategically deploy it to create long-term value for shareholders in addition to company growth. Before I close, I want to mention one other important recognition. The Principal Financial Group was recently named to the Computer World 2014 List of 100 best places to work in information technology for the 13th straight time. The Principal is one of only four companies in all industries to be ranked in the top 50 for the last 11 years. We are consistently recognizing the technology leader and offering innovative solutions to our customers as an important part of our strategy. In closing, we are confident that our momentum will continue, our strong results are sustainable and we will continue to build shareholder value over the long-term. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks, Larry. The second quarter results displayed a continuation of our proven ability to execute. Revenue growth is strong and margins continued to improve across our businesses. This morning Ill focus my comments on, operating earnings for the quarter, net income, including performance of the investment portfolio; and an update on capital deployment. Total company operating earnings of $323 million for the quarter were up 19% over second quarter 2013 results. Net revenue increased 6% over the year ago quarter while operating expenses increased only 1%. This led to strong earnings growth and margin expansion. At quarter end, our return on equity excluding AOCI improved to 13.3%. This is a 290 basis point improvement from a year ago. Organic growth contributed 130 basis of that increase, above our expectations of 50 to 80 basis points of annual expansion. We achieved this result by both growing operating earnings to nearly $1.2 billion on a trailing 12 month basis and managing the growth of our equity. This demonstrates our ability to increase return on equity to capital management and more importantly by increasing operating earnings. On a reported basis, second quarter 2014 operating earnings per share were $1.08, a 19% increase over the year ago quarter. This is a strong result considering our average weighted share count was up slightly. Looking at Slide 6 we normalized second quarter 2014 earnings for three items. First, within retirement and investor services, full-service accumulation in investment-only results each benefited by $3 million after-tax from higher than expected prepayments. In addition, a legal fee reimbursement benefit of full-service accumulation earnings by $3 million. Finally, the encaje return in Principal International was $5.5 million better than expected. This is consistent with the information on encaje returns available through the websites that we provided in the past. On a normalized basis, earnings per share of $1.03 were up 12% over the normalized year ago quarter. Now Ill discuss business unit results starting with the accumulation businesses within the Retirement and Investor Services, operating earnings were $181 million, an increase of 26% over the year ago quarter. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth in this business. And as shown on Slide 7, revenue was up 10% over second quarter 2013 and up 12% on a trailing 12 month basis. Trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue remains stable at 33% for. Quarterly operating earnings for full-service accumulation had a $117 million or up 29% from the year ago quarter. Earnings were helped by $6 million from the two non-recurring items I mentioned earlier. Good revenue growth along with expense discipline resulted in an improvement in the trailing 12 month pre-tax return on net revenue to 34%, a 350 basis point improvement in the past 12 months. Net cash flows for full-service accumulation were flat for the quarter due to seasonally lower second quarter sales of $1.4 billion and despite strong retention results, the dollars of withdrawals increasing with improved account values. On a trailing 12 month basis, net cash flows of $3.1 billion are around the mid-point of the long-term range of 1% to 3% of account values that we previously discussed. We expect full year sales to be in line with last years totals. Principal Funds operating earnings were $26 million for the quarter, a 49% increase from the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue was up 17% and operating margins continued to improve due to the scale-based nature of the business. For the quarter, Principal Fund sales were $4.7 billion, contributing to $1.6 billion of net cash flows. We expect full year sales to be comparable to 2013 sales. Individual Annuities second quarter operating earnings were $33 million, up 12% from the year ago quarter. The increased fee revenue on our variable annuity business due to market appreciation continues to offset spread compression in our fixed deferred block of business. Slide 8 covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Quarterly operating earnings of $31 million were up 10% over the year ago quarter aided by prepayments in the current quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis, net revenue was up 15% and pre-tax return on net revenue improved 82%. Slide 9 Principal Global Investors operating earnings for the quarter were $27 million. This is down slightly from the year ago quarter on a reported basis due to a $4 million benefit from a once-every three year performance fee. On an adjusted basis, operating earnings were up 10%. Trailing 12 months pretax margin was 25%. This was negatively impacted by approximately 100 basis points from large performance fees in the fourth quarter 2013. Long-term, we still anticipate a trend to 30% pre-tax margin. We expect 2014 revenue in this business to remain in line with 2013 levels. Management fees will grow year-over-year, but performance fees are unlikely to reach 2013 levels. Total net cash flows for the segment were $500 million for the quarter with a strong investment performance leading to good affiliated flows. Assets under management increased 13% over the prior year quarter to a record $307 billion. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at $114 billion a 13% increase over the year-ago quarter. Slide 10 shows quarterly operating earnings for Principal International of a record $68 million, a 17% increase on a reported basis. Results in the current quarter were helped by encaje returns that were higher than expected. The Principal International businesses in our select emerging markets continue to perform well on a local level. On a local currency basis, operating earnings were up 13% over prior year quarter after adjusting for normalizing items. The outlook for Principal International remains strong with record assets under management driven by record net cash flows. The strong fundamentals of these businesses, the teams proven ability to execute and our relationship with premier partners allows us to weather short-term volatility including foreign currency movements to achieve long-term growth. Slide 11 displays Individual Lifes operating earnings of $20 million for the quarter. Results in the quarter were negatively impacted by elevated claim severity compared to the year-ago quarter. We have reviewed our block of business and believe that the claims are normal fluctuations and not a trend. Expectations are that claim severity will even out over time. As shown on Slide 12, Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $29 million were up 13% from the year ago quarter. Premium entities in the quarter were up 6% due to strong persistency in sales. The loss ratio for the quarter was favorable at 66% and at the low end of our targeted range. For the quarter, total company net income was a record $306 million, a 38% increase over the prior year quarter. This quarter we had realized capital gains of $31 million as we benefited from gains on real estate sales. Net credit-related losses remained lower than our pricing assumptions at $14 million for the quarter, down 42% from the year ago quarter. Net income was negatively impacted by $48 million as a result of the court ruling on some uncertain tax positions. We paid the taxes in the previous year; the adjustment made this quarter was to a receivable booked when we filed for a refund several years ago. This is a non-cash item that does not impact our capital deployment plans. Turning now to capital deployment, as outlined on Slide 13, weve announced plans to deploy more than $575 million of capital so far in 2014. This includes the $0.34 common stock dividend we announced last night. The fourth common stock dividend increase in the past five quarters. The 2014 dividend through three quarters is 31% higher from the dividend over the same timeframe a year ago. As of this week, we spent a $155 million on share repurchases this year leaving approximately $100 million of our current Board authorization. Our capital deployment strategy is flexible with multiple options including dividends, share repurchases, and acquisition opportunities, all aimed at increasing shareholder value. We believe that we will end the year at or above the top end of the $500 million to $700 million capital deployment range that we discussed on our outlook call. In closing, we are extremely pleased with the continued momentum of our businesses and feel that our diversified business model is well positioned for future growth in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar  Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking my questions. So, I have one and then a follow-up, if I could. First on - I am thinking of the normalized earnings rate, I think last quarter you had guided or talked about roughly a buck per share per quarter, and yet this quarter comes a little bit higher than that, that was $1.03. Can you help us think about what drove the differences and maybe how we should think about the remaining  the remainder of the year?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Good morning, Yaron, this is Larry. Ill make a few comments and then ask Terry to comment as well. I mean, we think  I think actually the quarter  the sequential quarters from Q1 to Q2 would have played out, I think about as you would have expected for us. I mean, in normal times, again we think that we grow our businesses around, somewhere around 10% to 12% annually which if you convert that to quarterly, you sort of get down to that 2% to 3% level. So, the dollar sort of a earnings, normalized earnings in Q1 would normally have been say, $1.2 or maybe $1.3 if you take into account both, I would say the momentum of the businesses and sort of market performance during that time. So, I think the key here is that, things are operating very, very consistently with what we would expect our business model to produce. So Ill see if Terry wants to add anything.
Terrance Lillis: Yes, Larry. Id agree, as you look at that last quarter, we called out three different items and then added back one item and there was true-ups from prior year dividend receipt deduction, large prepayments that we have had in the guarantee businesses and then we added back a bit for the life insurance. But as Larry mentioned, if you look on a normalized growth basis, in terms of the increase in the net revenue continued expense management we saw margins increase as well quarter-over-quarter. So thats whats basically driving it. So, Id say on a normalized basis, moving from the dollar that we had in last quarter to a $1.3 this quarter was right in line with our long-term growth expectations. 
Yaron Kinar  Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then, going back to a question I asked on the last call, with regards to recurring deposits in FSA. I think, back then, you had talked about kind of a 10-ish percent growth rate year-over-year and it seems like the last two quarters have been lower, last quarter you talked about some difficult year-over-year comps given in the M&A, I think for one of the accounts in 1Q 2013. Thats now behind us clearly not reflected in the year-over-year results. So whats leading those recurring deposits, its still be lower relative to kind of at 10% number and do you still think that 10% is the correct way to think of it?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Yaron, this is Larry. I would say, and again weve done a lot of modeling. We also of course have a lot of history that you can look at around this in our financial supplement. I think the way to kind of think about this in a normalized environment which is sort of where we are getting to now, and Ill comment on that in just a second. But, being that a mid to high single-digit range. So lets just say sort of 5% to 8% growth in recurring deposits. The reason it has been a little bit higher than that over the last year or two is because of the financial crisis that that number was negative for a while as participants were getting laid off and matches were getting either reduced or completely eliminated, and so when that thing went negative in the 2008, 2009 period, it builds itself back. You are going to sort of come at the high end of that range. I would say at this point, while we are not completely back, we are sort of 90% of the way back. So you are going to see that growth in recurring deposits kind of trend from that double-digit rate 10% sort of down to that 5% to 8%. Anything you want to add Dan? 
Daniel Houston:  Yes, just maybe one detail. If you look at that 5% growth in recurring deposits and dissect that, you will find out that actually the fine contribution of recurring deposits were up 6.5% because defined benefit deposits were down about 8.5%. Again, lot of that funding would have happened in the first quarter. The other way to look at that Larry is to look at over the course of last trailing 12 months, it was up 7% and again, if you break out defined contribution from defined benefit, you will find out the DC growth over the trailing 12 months is up about 8.5%. So right on the  kind of that high single-digit space that we would talk about. So again I feel really good about the recurring deposits for FSA. 
Yaron Kinar  Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. That's very helpful. I'll re-queue.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, thank you Yaron. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Kruger with KBW. 
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Hey, good morning.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: First, could you quantify what the net flows have been at Post Advisory thus far in July?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Ill ask Jim to comment on that.
James Patrick McCaughan:  Thus far in July the net flows are close to  slightly closer to but not really large. I think the number I was given when I was there earlier this week was about $200 million or $300 million. The outflow in the second quarter was $2.3 billion which against a post advisory in the order of $10 billion is obviously a big number. Its happened because of two things one after the other. There was the retirement of the founder followed by the pension fee portfolio manager departure in March that was mentioned by Larry. And that was one of the two people who took over the founders responsibilities. So that led to some clients saying, hey things have changed. But the investment performance through the whole period has been very strong, one of the strongest in the high yield bond business. And so, we are definitely getting a good pipeline of enquiries both the clients come and back given the storm they have passed and new clients looking at them. I hope that answered this? 
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yes, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just back to - maybe thinking about RAS accumulation margins. In the past, and you've talked about a 30% to 32% longer-term target. We have been pretty far above that for a couple quarters. Obviously, the equity market has helped, but I think, perhaps other things that have changed or a kind of continued scale being built in the Principal Funds business and margin expansion there. So, can you comment on the 30% to 32%? Do you think it's reasonable to expect maybe that range could be higher longer-term at this point? 
Larry Donald Zimpleman:  Ryan, yes, this is Larry. I like the inherent optimism thats contained in your question. But I am also a little bit tempered by more than 40 years in this business. So, again what I would say is that, if you are able to achieve a 30% to 32% margin return in this business, you are really talking about a business that has an ROE in that sort of an equivalent number. So you are talking about a business thats got a 30 plus percent ROE. And I guess the way I think about this is that, while there may be periods, as you said, because of some extra DRD in Q1 and because of some good market performance in Q2, weve been a little bit above that range. I think as an investor and we are all investors just like all of you, we are pretty happy and excited about a growing business thats got a 30% ROE. So, I think that, while there is going to be some periods where it maybe a little bit above that, there might be some periods where its a little bit below that as we invest in the business or continue to build out the platform. And I think really over the long-term, if we can hang in that 30% to 32% area, I think, thats a really, really good return in that business. 
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Understood, I mean, it seems like the 30% to 32% is kind of like a cross-cycle target. So, we could be in a period
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct. Yes, that's correct. Yes, you want to think about that as kind of the long-term sort of return in that business. And again, that's incredibly attractive, which of course, is why many other, many other competitors are trying to get into that business. So we know the competitive environment is going to remain difficult, but I think our track record is really second to none in those businesses.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: All right, thanks. Appreciated.
Larry Donald Zimpleman:  You bet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Hi, thank you. A couple questions for retirement. I guess, first in FSA, you are guiding to sales that are about flat with 2013, which would imply a pickup in activity in the second half. Is this just based on the timing of closing transactions? Are you starting to see more activity in the marketplace?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll let Dan.
Daniel Houston: Yes, I think that's well said. Second quarter as was mentioned on Larry's earlier comments tends to be a soft quarter. We anticipate having a strong second half of the year large part, Erik; because of just strong pipeline close rates continue to improve. I would be remise if I didn't call out strong investment performance. It was commented on earlier, but, whether it's one year, three year or five year, that's a strong indicator of how competitive we can be in a marketplace. So again, I feel very optimistic that we will not only on the full service accumulation business, but also in the mutual fund business, let that strong investment performance carry us through the rest of the year. So we feel good about it
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I maybe add one quick  if I could add one quick comment, Erik, I think it's important to understand and this is somewhat true in the Funds business, but also true in the Retirement business, there is less business moving and that's typical. When you have a year where the market is as generous as it was in 2013 and you go back and look at prior periods, inevitably, there is less business sort of out to bid. And that's the reason that in my earlier comments, I said, net-net, really if you thought in terms of economics, the reality is, is that we are better off at mid-year 2014 than we were at midyear 2013 because we retained an additional $1.6 billion. So, sales only happen if and when business is out to bid and there is actually less business moving. So I actually think that, if we end up equivalent to 2013 sales, thats going to be a strong year for us.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: That's helpful. And then if I could ask one other on - for FSA. At its recent Investor Day Agon commented that its seeing an increasing number of requests for 401(k) pricing on a per-head basis rather than as a percentage of AUM, particularly at the larger end of the market. I am just wondering if this is something that you are seeing and could it become more prevalent in the mid-sized market? And I guess if it does become a wider spread phenomenon, how should we think about the impact on profitability and growth of the 401(k) business if you take out the market leverage component?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Dan, do you want to comment?
Daniel Houston: Yes, it's a good question and that has always been the case, Erik, for the larger case market. And so I kind of think about plans north of say, $100 million to $200 million. There is generally a very healthy conversation around the per-head charge as opposed to something that might be more asset-based. We've not really seen that come down below the $50 million mark. As I've mentioned in previous calls, if the plan has more than $5 million of planned assets, we'll do - actually do a profitability analysis on each one of those pieces of business. Each one of them does differ a little bit in terms of resources that we use. Certainly, the use of Principal branded funds will drive that pricing. But on a net-net basis, whether its on a per-head basis or a function of the assets under management, we think we can still hit our long-term margin targets by adjusting accordingly. So it's not a new phenomenon and certainly something that we can adjust our model to.
James Patrick McCaughan: Erik, it's Jim here. Remember also to supplement what Dan correctly said, that even if the per-head pricing for the 401(k) services, the people are still choosing investment options and we would be able to make investment management fees on those investment management options.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Got it. So you retain, as long as you are managing the assets you retain the market leverage component, its in a different piece of the business.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: We're well defended against that change.
Daniel Houston: And that's core, Erik, to our strategy, right, is to manage those assets. It's not our intention to be a standalone record keeper. We've got a world-class global asset management franchise with strong investment performance, bundled with all of those services, whether it's retire works or retire secure. Those are what value is being placed on that. As a matter of fact, there was an interesting article earlier this week talking about a study that Bloomberg did focusing on the largest 250 plans and the emphasis was on outcomes. And that's something you've heard us talking about for nearly a decade now. So again, I think that, momentum is moving towards what is it doing for my employees, is it preparing them for retirement in a satisfactory way and by managing the assets, providing the services, we think we've got a competitive advantage by packaging in that fashion.
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Great. Thank you for the color.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, Erik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Dargan with MacQuarie.
Shawn Dargan - MacQuarie: Thanks and good morning. I have a question about Brasilprev. I think there is a notion with a lot of investors that Brazil is if not in recession at least facing a pretty tough economic climate right now. I'm just wondering what you are seeing, what you think is driving your performance there? 
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry. I'll make a few comments and ask Luis if he like to add on to that. I mean, what is driving the performance there is, first of all, the very strong distribution platform of Banco Brasil. There is over 7000 Banco Brasil branches in all areas of that country and there is a very clear understanding on the part of the middle income and upper middle income group in Brazil that they need to take responsibility for their own financial future. And while the economy itself may struggle from time-to-time, and frankly in some respects, maybe due to perhaps more intervention by the government into the economy than what would be ideal, it doesn't disrupt the sort of fundamental demographic premise that you have this emerging middle-class that is very motivated to save and invest for their own financial future. So it's really a combination of catching the right demographic trend with an incredibly strong distribution partner, all backed up by the expertise of Principal, who is really managing, kind of under the surface, is really managing all of the critical elements of the business, so, investment portfolios, product development, product pricing, technology, et cetera. So you really have sort of that world class operation in a market that's growing very substantially. But any  okay? All right.
James Patrick McCaughan: Does that help, Shawn?
Shawn Dargan - MacQuarie: Yes and is there anything in the financial reporting of BB Seguridade  I pronounced it right, Seguridade that would give us some insight to the, I guess the underlying trends in the business?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, absolutely. There's pretty good transparent  there is very good transparency as to the various components of the business. Brasilprev is one of about - I think three different areas of the business there and you can certainly go to their website. They do earnings calls in both Portuguese and English. I believe their earnings call is in about ten days or two weeks. But there is very, very good transparency and for those that are interested in kind of seeing how that company operates under the surface and how Brasilprev works, that's a great opportunity to better understand that.
Shawn Dargan - MacQuarie: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. I would actually like to follow-up on Shawn's question, just on the strong flows in Brazil. Do you have any visibility in terms of penetration into Banco de Brasil? I believe right now the retirement clients in Banco de Brasil fill a very small portion of the overall client base. Just wondering how you are seeing that progression in the last couple quarters?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right, so again, this is Larry. I will just make a couple of comments. I think, you are exactly right, that the key here is the cross-sell percentage of the total retail client base of Banco Brasil, which is I think in that $60 million sort of range. And so it's really a question of what percentage of that retail base is eligible if you will, or is a good candidate for some sort of a retirement savings program. And others can sort of put their own number on it, but let's just say I'll put a number of 5% to 10% of that $60 million. So that's roughly 4 million, 5 million, 6 million retail clients that are potential. And I think in Brasilprev today, Luis, we're looking at  yes, 1.8, 1.8 million retail clients. So that's, that means, we could triple the opportunity in Brasilprev, if we just kept the retail client base of Banco at the same level. Now, of course the retail base of Banco is growing at that kind of 8% to 10% sort of range as well. So, as we say, when we go down and visit the folks at Brasilprev and have ongoing discussions, we got a lot of work to do. But it does give you a sense of what the longer-term potential is of that business.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And just in flows in Chile, you mentioned that voluntary flows were up three-fold versus last year. Can you give us a sense of what that is in dollars?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll ask Luis to maybe comment on that.
Luis Valdez: Yes, in dollars, that is a  we put $30 million in net customer cash flows a year ago, second quarter. And right now, we put in more than $70 million in this quarter. And essentially, we have in place right now three different initiatives in order to continue selling our voluntary products with Cuprum. The first one is that we are open to independent financial advisors; they are being able right now to sell our voluntary products that are manufactured by Cuprum. The second initiative is that, we already combined our sales forces with Principal Financial Group, prior one in then Cuprum in order to continue selling voluntary products and in a much  with a much more broader array of products. And the three initiatives is that we, - third, cross-selling, up-selling our current clients in Cuprum. So, these are the three initiatives are already in place in Cuprum.
James Patrick McCaughan: Does that help, Seth?
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That does. So, just for me, that $70 million of the $1.4 billion in deposits, is that the right way to think about it from Chile?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I mean, I guess the way I would think about it is that, what it demonstrates, I think, Seth, is that we're getting some pretty early traction with the initiatives that Luis discussed. I mean, we are sort of in the first inning, really of that opportunity. We just put these initiatives in place just in the last quarter or two. And it's actually very encouraging from our perspective to kind of see the traction that we are already getting. So I think, it should continue to further improve from here as those initiatives that Luis described get traction.
Luis Valdez: Another way to see this, if today kind of 97% of our total fee incomes are coming from the compose rate business 3% 4% are coming from the bond. So you can see there what is that potential that we have in cuprum right now.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, and just if I could ask one very quick one to Terry, on buybacks. What level of buybacks is required just to offset dilution?
Terrance Lillis: We look at probably about increase in dilution each quarter will vary based upon a few things. But, we are looking probably at, anywhere in the  on an annualized basis, anywhere in that $75 million to $100 million depending on the execution of the options in our share price. But I would say in that $75 million to $100 million is what we probably need for anti-dilution share buybacks. Now as we I said, this year, we had a $200 million authorization for this year, plus a $55 million carryover from last year. And to-date, we have executed on - about $155 million of execution. So we still have $100 million outstanding. So, the goal or the intention is, first off get the anti-dilution out there and second, opportunistically continue to buy back shares. Okay?
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay great. Thanks a lot.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Benner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks. I wanted to touch on, I guess, mortality. It was weak kind of for two quarters in a row. Just wondering if there is any color you can give us on that or analysis you've done to understand the shortfall there?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Randy, this is Larry, thanks for the question. Again, I'll have Dan make a few comments. We've obviously spent a fair bit of time, quite a bit of time around that and I guess, what I would say is that, it has been kind of at the low end of our expectations for the last two quarters. I think in Q1, our experience was reasonably consistent with what we are seeing across most of the industry.
Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets: Right. 
Larry Donald Zimpleman: In Q2, it was more severity than it was incidence. But whether we are similar to the industry or a little different than the industry, I think we'll have to see as the next couple weeks play out and as other companies report. But, again, what I would - I guess, try to emphasize is we think that our recent results, while slightly disappointing on mortality are still sort of at the low-end of the expected range and within what should be statistical fluctuation, so.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that's exactly right. So it's kind of plus or minus the $5 million off of expectation of around $25 million, a $20 million thats certainly lower than  that's on the low end of the range, tutoring right on the edge of whether or not get call it out or not. We did do some look back analysis, Randy. If we did experienced higher mortality in six of the last 14 quarters with only three outside, one standard deviation. So, again, it's on our mind. We are looking at it very closely. As you know, we've got a lot of reinsurance treaties on a fair amount of this business and there is a little bit of accounting noise. But, it's still within the range of reasonableness from our advantage point. And to that end, we still view that life business as a very valuable part of the franchise. We got good leadership overseeing it. We use it as our funding vehicle for non-qualified deferred comp and for our Business Owner Executive Solution. So it's good for the organization and like you would like to see, maybe a little less volatility, but it is expected as Larry pointed out, we had a couple relatively large claims that really drove the performance down for the quarter.
Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, got it, large claims. And then just a quick one and this is  I mean this is a little bit higher level or quite a bit. But, Larry, I guess, Id be interested if you have any commentary that's different in the past on DRD and that relates to kind of current efforts in Washington for corporate tax reform kind of around this inversion issue. I mean, is anything different on DRD for you all, based on what's going on here now, because that is, it's a significant item in your financials?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, so I think, Randy, it's probably best for my comments to stay more related to just overall, overall tax reform. And I'm probably  over my years, I have been more of an optimist than a realist around that. And I think I am certainly to become more of a realist, trending towards a skeptic really around the ability of Congress to take on a larger issue like tax reform. I think, because of the way political cycles work today with four-year Presidential election cycles and two year house cycles, I think the reality is that there is a very, very short window of time when a - such a significant piece of legislation like tax reform would get done. And I think, about the only time it can get done, is if you've got alignment between sort of the White House, or Senate and the House, and even then it sort of has to go on within kind of the first year of a two year term. So I don't see any possibility, despite discussion. I don't see any possibility that much is going to change in 2014 or 2015. Then we'll have a Presidential Election in 2016 and then depending on how that lines up, you could see, I think a kind of narrow window in there in the post-2016 period. But, I think before that, it's going to be most between that and the 2016 election, Randy, it's going to be mostly political posturing and discussion about what each party would do if they had sort of control of White House, Senate and House. But nothings are really going to really happen on that score.
Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets: So status quo on DRD is good to plan on?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I mean, we will adapt to whatever situation, we find ourselves in. We've done this for many, many years and again, I - specifically as it relates to DRD, I don't really have comments other than to say, I think we apply the tax laws as they are.
Randy Benner - FBR Capital Markets: All right. Understood, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much good morning. Larry, you mentioned you put forth PFGs proposal for reform to the Chilean pension system. So wanted to see if you could comment some on what your suggestions were? Maybe how they differ from what we currently know about the pension system there or maybe what some others are proposing? 
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Yes, thanks for that question, Chris. I'll make a few comments and then I'll let Luis, add to that, because actually, Luis was the one who did the testimony in front of the Bravo Commission. What I would say relative to the meeting with Chilean President, Bachelet that I referenced in my opening comments is that, we stressed the importance, if there is a decision around some sort of government run AFP. First of all, why is there some interest in that? And the answer is that it's to try to improve coverage among the lower income segment. There is a group of workers often not in completely formal employment who are simply not saving enough for their retirement. And I think the Chilean government to their credit, is really focused on that problem. But one of the points that we made was that, that's actually more of a labor issue than it is a retirement issue. It's, again, the fact that these people are in more informal employment arrangements and that's why they haven't been participating regularly in the AFP system. The other point that I would say I made relative to the President Bachelet is that, if there is a desire to have a government run AFP for the primary purpose of focusing on lower income workers, that it be critical that that AFP sort of operate with the kind of same governance structure that is required of private sector AFP companies. And I would say we received immediate and total assurance and agreement that that would be the case, i.e., no sort of government subsidies, no sort of easier set of rules or fiduciary responsibilities around it, but it's got to operate at the very same level as the private sector. And then maybe I'll ask Luis if he wants to comment on the Bravo Commission component.
Luis Valdez: Yes, and kind of a short comments about what is our main proposal to that commission, Chris is, in three main areas. First, some proposal about the voluntary pillar and second proposal about the compulsory and then we put some proposal about the issues that related with the financial education that is needed. But essentially in a nutshell, Chileans and the compulsory mode they are saving 10% out of their pay check. Our proposal is that 10% has to go up to 16%, up to 16%, 17%. So, in two tranches. First, we move the 10% compulsory up to 13% and then to cover the next 4% with a third pillar which is a voluntary pillar. In that sense, two things are behind that. Not just moving the 10% up to 13%, it's also moving the salary cap. Just to give you a reference. You know the salary cap has to be updated, in the moment the salary cap was set in 1981, represent two times the  six times that total GDP per capita. Right now it represents two times. So it's very, very, very dated right now. So moving that salary cap, we have to at least to triple the salary cap in order to update the salary cap. The other thing which is important, we presented all the - our proposal in order to enhance the APBC solution, which is a 401(k) type solution for Chile. They are almost there, so they need just a few tweaks in order to really take off the Group solutions and the APBC industry. In the second issue, which is much more about the compulsory side, we certainly, we aim to move the fees and flows and fees over AUMs in order to align the whole industry in the right sense. And the second thing that we are talking about is to introduce and by default the concept of the lifetime funds instead of the risk kind of oriented funds that they already have. These are mainly the two main kind of things that we propose for how to enhance the system and certainly we put other important initiatives related with, financial education. But all in all, my personal view is that, in Chile, they have a pretty good understanding that the right solution is to increase their rate, the saving rate, increase a 10% up to a kind of 12%, 13% to move the salary cap right now very quickly and to certainly enhance the third pillar which is the voluntary pillar, particularly in the kind of 401(k) type solution.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And all of those that Luis just mentioned would obviously be very beneficial to the activity there and to our businesses, so.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you, helpful. And then just my follow-up is, I guess, with the adoption of new mortality tables for retirement plans, wondering how you think about kind of the pressure that puts on DB plans and opportunities that presents to you guys?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, again, I would say that DB services are kind of becoming a lost art from a  its a kind of broad industry perspective. And, I think we have found it very beneficial to sort of go against the grain and, over the last kind of 10 years or so, we've actually further built out our suite of services there, because it's very, very central to our total retirement suite, sort of concept. So the point here I think, whether it's a mortality table or whatever else it may be, the point is that defined benefit sponsors need help and they need to kind of understand what some of these changes are going to do and thats always creates a great opportunity, so. Dan, you want to?
Daniel Houston: Those mortality tables perhaps change the funding levels in that 8% to 10% range. Remember that, we've got a lot of these small to medium-sized plans, more than 2500 of them. So these are relatively small dollar amounts. They are generally leaning towards funding the retirement benefit for the principals of the organization. So again, in the grand scheme of things, as we've talk to our defined benefit customers, this is not a derailer. So, I don't see defined benefit plan termination is increasing because of a increase in the use of the mortality tables. However, we do have to be very conscious so what the PBGC is doing relative to increasing fees. But it's still a very, very powerful way to go about funding for certain small to medium-size businesses, their long-term retirement benefits.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks so much.
Daniel Houston: All right, Chris.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, closing comments, please?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us for our call today. I would say the momentum on our businesses is strong, as we commented at the start of the call. And we look forward to finishing 2014 on a very strong basis. So, we hope to see many of you out on the road over the next three months and particularly we would encourage if any of you are able to make it to please attend our investor event in New York in September. So with that, thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning approximately at 8 Oclock P.M. Eastern Time until the end of the day August 1st, 2014, 66303168 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - VP of Investor Relations Larry Zimpleman - Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis - Chief Financial Officer Dan Houston - Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions Jim McCaughan - Principal Global Investors Luis Valdes - Principal International 
Analysts:  John Nadel - Sterne Agee Erik Bass - Citigroup Seth Weiss - Bank of America Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Ryan Krueger - KBW Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Eric Berg - RBC Capital Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's first quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call today may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First I will discuss first quarter results. Second I will provide an update on the continued successful execution and long-term benefits of our strategy and I will close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, slides related to todays call are on our website, slide four outlines the themes for the call. The Principal achieved strong results across our businesses in the first quarter with record total company operating earnings of $317 million. Coming off record operating earnings in 2013 the momentum in our businesses continues despite persistent headwinds including a low interest rate environment and a strengthening U.S. dollar. The ongoing success proves our ability to execute the relevancy of our strategy and the power of our diversified business model. Strong earnings growth is continuing to increase return on equity which expanded to 13% at quarter end a 90 basis point increase year-to-date. As weve communicated we expect to once again achieve at least a 15% return on equity within the next few years despite the impact of historically low interest rates in the U.S. Results this quarter continue to reflect strong underlying fundamentals as momentum continues across our businesses. We continue to win and retain business because of our strong investment performance, our ability to provide outcome oriented solutions, excellent customer service and the diversity and strength of our distribution partnerships. Total company assets under management were a record $496 billion at quarter end and total company quarterly net cash flows were $4.8 billion. Following our additional key growth metrics from the quarter, full service accumulation sales were $2.7 billion and net cash flows were $1.8 billion. Margins in this business continue to improve in part because of our efforts to achieve better balance across all plan sizes. We are achieving the combination of good growth and attractive margins that reflect our leadership in this business. Principal Funds sales were $4.5 billion for the quarter, net cash flows were $760 million, this is the 17th straight quarter of positive net cash flows in Principal Funds reflecting strong investment performance and our ability to offer solutions that financial advisors and retail investors seek. Principal Global investors ended first quarter with record total assets under management of $298 billion including record unaffiliated assets under management of $112 billion. First quarter total net cash flows were $1.1 billion and unaffiliated net cash flows were $100 million. Principal International, assets under management of $109 billion at the end of first quarter was also a record. Net cash flows for the quarter were $2 billion. Suppress market conditions in Brazil negatively impacted net cash flows at the beginning of first quarter, but flows rebounded to normal levels by the end of the quarter, Individual Lifes business market focus continues to be a differentiator for us with 58% of full year sales from non-qualified deferred compensation and business owner and executive solutions. The increased activity in a non-qualified market reflects enhanced confidence among business owners as the economy recovers. Specialty benefits premium and fees were up 5% from the year ago quarter and loss ratios continue to stay within our desired range. In total we had a strong start to 2014 and we remained optimistic for the full year as leading indicators such as investment performance and sales pipeline continue to be very solid. Next Ill provide a few updates on the continued execution of our strategy. Our diversified business model is extremely well suited for the world aging population and emerging market middle class growth. We remain committed to helping business owners, individuals and investors around the world achieve financial security and success. In full service accumulation, weve added nearly 1,500 plans in the past 12 months. This not only helps drive growth in recurring deposits, which increase 10% on a trailing 12 months basis, but we also have the opportunity to educate more plan participants about the importance of preparing for retirement. With more than 1 billion people over the age of 60 worldwide and that number expected to double by 2025, there has never been a more critical time to promote financial literacy and retirement readiness. Our new Principal Plan Works program was introduced to help plan sponsors and advisors improve participant retirement outcomes. Through this program we have delivered thousands of retirement readiness reports to help raise awareness about income replacement needs, encourage effective plan design and positively impact participant savings behavior. As mentioned earlier and as slide five shows, investment performance remains strong and is a leading indicator of growth for our retirement and investment management businesses. Principal Funds currently has 17, four and five star funds as ranked by Morningstar and we expect that number to increase over the next six months. Principal Funds was once again recognized by Lipper in March. The Principal Global Real Estate Securities Fund ranked number 1 for its consistently strong performance. This important third party recognition validates our ability to offer high quality investment options to investors. REITs will continue to attract assets in the future due to their above average yield. Principal International had record operating earnings in the quarter. Cuprum continues to be a meaningful contributor to earnings and as we said last quarter, we consider the acquisition complete and are now moving into the second stage of integration. With regular deposits from the mandatory retirement markets in Chile and Mexico, combined with upside potential from growing voluntary savings opportunities, our Latin America businesses remain in excellent position for continued growth. As another example of our strong position in Latin America, in April assets under management in BrazilPrev, our joint venture with Banco Brasil reached R$90 billion, which equates to approximately $41 billion in U.S. dollars. On a local basis, the compound annual growth rate of BrazilPrev assets under management has been 32% for the past five years, because of their focus on asset retention BrazilPrev is the market leader with more than 60% of total net flows in the Brazilian retirement market over the past 12 months. It is important to understand that due to the expertise of our team in Principal International businesses in our select emerging markets are performing well on a local level. The strong fundamentals of these businesses, our proven ability to execute and our relationship with premier partners allow us to weather short-term volatility including foreign currency movements to achieve long-term growth. Principal Global Investors continues to build scale in the business which is driving margin expansion. Trailing 12 month pretax margin was 25.2%, an increase of 180 basis points over the same period last year. Principal Global Investors multi-boutique business model with our diversified investment platforms combined with the strength of a share distribution capability allows us to maintain positive net cash flows as client demands shift. This along with our strong investment performance and a robust pipeline, gives us confidence for continued growth and margin expansion. An important part of our overall strategy is to provide a better experience for advisors and customers to increase operational efficiency and to drive productivity through innovative uses of technology. The Principal was recently recognized in this regard by InformationWeek for the 17th year as a top business technology innovator in the U.S. Ill close with some comments on capital management. With record operating earnings and strong net income, we remain well positioned to increase shareholder value through a variety of capital deployment options. In the first quarter, we paid a $0.28 per share common stock dividend and bought back more than $72 million of shares outstanding. Additionally last night, we announced a $0.32 per share a common stock dividend payable in the second quarter of 2014. This 14% increase over the first quarter dividend demonstrates confidence in our ability to grow fee based earnings and generate higher percentages of deployable capital. We remain focused on increasing our dividend payout ratio to our target of 40% on a growing net income base. Finally, there is an active M&A pipeline that includes opportunities to further enhance our global investment management expertise. Our fee based business model allows us to generate deployable capital and strategically deploy it to create long-term value for shareholders. Before I close, I want to mention one other recognition that Principal recently received. For the 12th consecutive year, Principal Financial Group was named one of the top companies for executive women by the National Association for Female Executives. We share their commitment to women succeeding in their careers and we are honored to receive this recognition. In closing, we are very confident that the execution of our strategy and diversified business model will continue to enhance shareholder value. Terry?
Terry Lillis:  Thanks Larry. The first quarter results were a strong start to the year. While earnings were aided by one-time items that I will address shortly, our strong business fundamentals and proven ability to execute are driving continued momentum. This morning I will focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including performance on the investment portfolio, and I will close with an update on capital deployment. Total operating earnings of $317 million for the quarter were up 36% over first quarter 2013 results. Net revenues increased 13% over the year ago quarter while operating expenses only increased 4%. This led to strong earnings growth and margin expansion. Total company assets under management increased to $496 billion at quarter end. Excluding the corporate segment, 67% of the companys earnings in the quarter were from our fee based business. These fee based earnings come from higher multiple businesses that put less pressure on our balance sheet and provide more free cash flow. We strongly believe that our current business mix provides the right diversification for continued growth. At quarter end, our returning on equity excluding AOCI was 13%, this is a 320 basis point improvement compared to a year ago. Organic growth contributed a 130 basis points of that increase. The remainder came from the addition of Cuprum and the negative impact of the actuarial assumption review in 2012. We believe that an ROE of 13% driven mostly by operating earning expansion rather than just capital deployment is a strong result. We continue to expect 50 to 80 basis points of annual ROE expansion into the future. Looking at slide six, first quarter 2014 operating earnings per share was a $1.06, a 34% increase when compared to a year ago quarter. As noted on the slide, we normalized first quarter 2014 earnings for three items. In Full Service Accumulation results benefited by $15 million, predominantly from a true up of a prior year dividend accrual. In addition, RIS Guaranteed operating earnings were helped by $6 million from higher than expected variable investment income. These benefits were partially offset by higher than expected claims in Individual Life which hurt earnings by $4 million in the quarter. Combining these items, we believe that the normalized earnings per share for the quarter was approximately $1, a 28% increase on an adjusted basis. Now Ill discuss business unit results. Starting with the accumulation businesses within retirement investor services, operating earnings were $185 million, an increase of 30% over the year ago quarter. As shown on slide seven, net revenue was up 12% over first quarter 2013 and 14% on a trailing 12-month basis. Trailing 12-month pre-tax return on net revenue improved to 33%. Quarterly operating earnings for Full Service Accumulation at $119 million were up 38% from a year ago quarter. As I mentioned, the current period was helped by $15 million most of which was a true-up on a prior year dividend accrual. As a reminder, the year ago quarter benefited from an $8 million dividend accrual true-up. Excluding the true-ups from both quarters, earnings were still up more than 30%. Net revenue was up 13% due to the growth in the business and the strong equity market performance, while operating expenses were only up 4%. As a result, the trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue for the business unit improved to 33%. Full Service Accumulation sales at $2.7 billion for the quarter were strong as we continue to focus on striking the appropriate balance of growth and profitability. Net cash flows for Full Service Accumulation were $1.8 billion for the quarter. Large case withdrawals can be lumpy and we did not have any in the first quarter. We still expect net flows for the year to be 1% to 3% at beginning of year account value. Principal Funds operating earnings were $25 million for the quarter, a 31% increase from the year ago quarter as the strong sales over the last several years are translating into bottom line results. On a trialing 12-month basis, revenue was up 21% and operating margins continue to improve due to the scale based nature of the business. For the quarter, Principal Funds sales were $4.5 billion, contributing to $760 million of net cash flows. While down from very strong year ago quarter, these results were solid relative to the industry. Individual Annuities first quarter operating earnings were up 17% to $34 million. Increased fee revenue in our variable annuity business due to market appreciation has more than offset spread compression on our fixed deferred block of business. As macroeconomic factors improve, we expect Individual Annuities earnings to be around this level going forward. Slide eight covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. First quarter operating earnings of $32 million were up 13% over the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue was 81%. Investment-only operating earnings improved 15% from the prior year quarter to $17 million. In addition to the benefit from variable investment income this quarter, business rolling off the books is being replaced with higher margin new business. Full Service Payout operating earnings were $50 million for the quarter, a 12% increase over the year ago quarter, aided by variable investment income. We continue to approach these guaranteed businesses opportunistically. Slide nine shows Principal Global Investors' operating earnings for the quarter were $27 million, up 33% from the year-ago quarter. Total net cash flows for the segment were $1.1 billion for the quarter. Assets under management increased 9% to $298 billion, leading to revenue growth of 11% over first quarter 2013. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at a $112 billion, with $6.5 billion of deposits coming in during the quarter. There is continued demand for our diversified investment options especially as investors seek yield. The percentage of our assets under management in equity investment options which generated higher revenues has increased to 38% of the total up from 31% compared to the year ago quarter. Diligent expense control resulted in expenses only growing 6% over that timeframe. Trailing 12 month pretax margin for the segment improved to 25%. Slide 10 shows first quarter 2014 operating earnings for Principal International of $63 million. These record earnings were a strong result especially considering the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar. Adjusting for Cuprum operating earnings were 14% over the prior year quarter on a local currency basis, this highlights the strength of our businesses in the local markets. While exchange rates have negatively impacted our U.S. dollar financial results, we feel very confident in the growth prospects for the markets where we do business. [Importantly] net cash flows for the segment were $2 billion contributing to an increase in assets under management to a record $109 billion at quarter end. Turning to U.S. insurance solutions, our operating earnings up $43 million were up 22% from the year ago quarter. As shown on slide 11, Individual Life operating earnings were $17 million for the quarter, results in the quarter were negatively impacted by alleviated claims severity. When compared to the prior year quarter sales in first quarter 2014 excluding universal life with secondary guarantees were up 11%. We continue to intentionally change our desired sales mix to be less focused on universal life with secondary guarantees thus improving the risk profile of our sales portfolio. As shown on slide 12, specialty benefits operating earnings of $26 million were up 25% from the year ago quarter. The loss ratio for the quarter was 68% right in the middle of our 65% to 71% expected range. For the quarter total company net income was $294 million, a 65% increase over prior year quarter. Realized capital losses continue to trend down at $23 million for the quarter. Credit related losses continue to improve and at $12 million for the quarter or down 39% from the year ago quarter. Turning now to capital deployment. As outlined on slide 13, weve announced plans to deploy more than $475 million of capital so far in 2014. This includes a 14% increase to our second quarter common stock dividend that we announced last night and the $100 million debt reduction that was executed on March 1st. In addition during the first quarter our Board authorized a $200 million share buyback program. This is an addition to the $55 million remaining from last years authorization. Year-to-date we have spent $100 million on share buybacks leaving a $155 million of authorization for additional buybacks. Our capital deployment strategy is fluid with multiple options available to enhance shareholder value. We believe that we will end the year on the top end of the $500 million to $700 million capital deployment range that we discussed on our outlook call. In closing we are extremely pleased with the strong results in the quarter. We are well positioned for future growth across all of our businesses and our business diversification enabled us to be successful in various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hey good morning everybody. Hey Larry, I am not -- I guess I am not too shy to admit that I am very surprised that the level of expense control in the quarter and maybe I shouldnt be so surprised by it, but I am. Can you give us some sense, you hit on the operating leverage but you didnt really go into any details on whats sort of driving the expense controls here? I just want to get a sense for is there anything in the first quarter level of overall general expenses I am not talking about debt or amortization that you think with sort of one-time in nature where we expected to pick back up as we look throughout the year?
Larry Zimpleman: Good morning John. This is Larry.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Good morning.
Larry Zimpleman: I think in response to your question John, what I would say is that the years sort of 2010, 11, 12 were very, very challenging relative to the issues around expense control and some of that was because, it was a good news thing, because we were having a lot of growth, we were bringing on a lot of assets, so obviously there is an acquisition cost associated with that. And as I have said before, I mean I think to some extent we were emphasizing a little bit too much growth and a little too much at the expense of profitability. And I think that the team did a great job in 2013 of doing a much, a good balance between growth and profitability. So we started to see some improvement in margin expansion in 2013. I think when you roll into 2014 and when you look at the first quarter John, its probably two things there that are worth mentioning. One is sustainable which is that as the kind of interest rates begin to move up a little bit as your discount rate moves up for all of employee benefits that has a positive and sustainable element to expense control and then the other one which is a little bit more one-time was again in the asset management business. We had sort of higher expenses in the fourth quarter associated with essentially, employee compensation particularly within the asset management group that doesnt necessarily recur in the first quarter. So that one we hope is actually going to be back later in the year, because every time, we're paying high performance fees, its because the funds did well and they were good flow. So a good chunk of it is sustainable, some of it is a bit of seasonality. I hope that helps a little bit.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Yes, thats helpful. Any chance to give us some sense for how much the corporate pension and benefit plan costs maybe down in 2014 versus 13 my sense is its actually a pretty reasonable tailwind?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. Its probably in the range of about $60 million pre-tax.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Hi thank you. Could you provide a little bit more detail on the results in the international business at a country level? And then in particular, can you comment about the local currency flow and earnings dynamics in Brazil, Chile and Mexico and how those compared to your expectations?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, Ill let Luis to comment on that. I would just say again, we would emphasize that Principal International had a really nice quarter and nice quarter not just in terms of earnings but a nice quarter in terms of flows, in terms of sales, in terms of expenses control. As Terry said in his earlier comments, if you look at our PI local companies operating in their local markets and their performance in local currencies, youve seen a 14% increase year-over-year, aggregate across all the PI member companies in local term. So, I think that validates very much, that the issues here to the extent investors have concerns around emerging markets, what they should not have concern about, is the performance of the companies in local terms When you translate that back to USD, you may see some diminishment due to the strength of U.S. dollar, but at the local market level, I think it's really important that investors understand, these companies continue to grow at double-digits. And so with that, I'll forward over to Luis.
Luis Valdes: Yes, thanks. Eric, as Larry said year-over-year in local currency we are showing a double-digit 14% growth year-over-year. But if you are paying attention to quarter-over-quarter and you are paying attention to our last quarter 2013 and in terms of USD. We are showing a growth of equal to 3%, which is a pretty interesting, but in local currency is then 8%. So, we continue showing a very, very dynamic growth in our companies in PI. Having said that, this is proven that, this proves that we have a very resilient business model in our market. And certainly we are not just working in emerging market. We are working again, again in select emerging markets, which is the main difference. So, it's a very resilient model and again repeating in a very interesting number of select emerging markets. About FX, we paid a very important headwind in the last year, 14% on average in Brazil and Chile, a kind of 5%, 6% in Mexico. What we are being able to see in the last quarter that the situation is much more stable for these emerging markets and our expectation is that going forward FX for emerging markets are going to fly probably about in same level that they are today. Does that help, Eric.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Yes. And then maybe if you could just add a little bit more in terms of the flow dynamics where I think you commented for Brazil that if I have this right, January was the pretty weak period when you saw kind of the height of the turmoil but flows have recovered in February and March and assume thats continued probably through April. And then is it fair to assume that Chile and Mexico, the activity levels are little bit more stable since its a mandatory system?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. I think all of that is very, very accurate. And again, we have seen the situation in Brazil sort of return to what you would consider to be normal in March and April.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Okay. And I mean as we look year-over-year in terms of the earnings comparisons on a local currency basis, are there any sort of unusual things that we should kind of factor in, in making the comparison? I know you had some tax changes as well as the accounting changes in Brazil that may kind of affect the year-over-year?
Larry Zimpleman:  Right, this is Larry. I dont think there is anything unusual, we had the fourth quarter commentary around Mexico tax changes and we also had the change that we opted to make that greater amortization of the intangible relative to the prev but that was in fourth quarter, nothing in first quarter and nothing that we can see going forward, although of course one never knows.
Erik Bass - Citigroup: Okay, thank you for the color.
Larry Zimpleman: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Hi, good morning, thank you. If we could talk a little bit about accumulation and the run rate implied by this quarter in terms of how it fits in with your margin guidance of 30% to 32% for the full year. Even after sort of normalizing for the items you mentioned, if we run rate this out, the full year will I believe significantly outperform what your guidance was. So maybe you could just help us think about run rate earnings. Terry, you had spoken about this being a decent run rate for individual annuities, if you could touch on that say which on a normalized basis was running over $100 million that would be helpful as well? Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  This is Larry, Seth. I suspect both Dan and Terry want to comment. I will just again for those maybe not quite as familiar, I want to drop back and maybe remind everybody that in the outlook call we had at the end of last year looking into 2014, we talked about net revenue growth for the accumulation businesses in that 6% to 8% range and we talked about pretax return on revenue in that sort of 30% to 32% range. Obviously at the moment, the higher equity markets from 2013 give us a if you will a tailwind coming into 2014. So net revenue at least in the first quarter was growing above the top-end of that range. In our outlook call what we assume is that you have 2% per quarter equity market growth going forward. So if in fact thats what you have then that 12% net revenue growth going to start to come down a little bit and when that happens I think we are also going to start to come down towards the top end of that range. So thats a general set of comments looking forward. Terry, do you want to make any further comment on that?
Terry Lillis:  No, not on that one Larry, but I think on the what you talk about Seth also was on the variable annuity block business being a little bit higher than we had seen in the past, $34 million this quarter. We see that the variable annuity block has benefited from some higher fees because of the equity market run up and this more than offsetting some of fixed deferred annuities spread compression that were seeing. We see that this is very a pretty good run rate on a go forward basis. So that observation of it being a bigger block of business for us on a go forward basis is a good observation.
Larry Zimpleman: And then Ill ask Dan maybe to comment a little bit for you Seth on full service accum.
Dan Houston: Yes, good morning Seth. On full service accum, its refreshing because although weve had some benefit from the equity markets, a lot of things were working down in the tranches of business itself, you know that we had good retention of existing plans, we also had -- weve added roughly 1,500 new plans in the last 12 months. And if you dont lose many, you are able to add those new plans, you get that flywheel going relative to deposit which all contribute to improving on your margins. The other note I would make is were continuing to see strong investment performance from Principal Global Investors; its giving us more product to sell more competitive product which means a higher percentage of our sales going towards proprietary and then as mentioned in Larrys prepared comments, on the mutual fund side which also is just a very leverageable business, we have really strong investment performance with 17 funds now with 4 and 5-star ratings from Morningstar. So again very, very strong margins and again over the course of the year, I think the best way to look at whether its net cash flow or sales or margins is to look on a trailing 12 month basis and I am still very comfortable in that 30% to 32% for RIS accum.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Okay, thanks a lot. And Dan maybe just a follow-up on FSA because even assuming kind of that 2% normalized run rate, I am still getting very strong earnings growth there. Should we assume that if markets stay as favorable as they are, there may be a higher reinvest in terms of the expense line in FSA?
Dan Houston: Yes. The demands there are always high, so we constantly are making investments in distribution and technology and of course the mobile technology is a big part of that. We know that we are on the top quartile relative to margin and profitability for full service accumulation, so there is what Ill call some restrictions in the marketplace. But again dont lose sight side of the fact that we are very deliberately focusing on that mid to small size market plan as opposed to the jumble plan, which is going to just naturally contribute to having higher margins than maybe what we had two or three years ago. Does that help?
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Okay, thanks a lot.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thank so much. Good morning.
Larry Zimpleman:  Hi Chris.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to see you could comment on few regulatory areas which thankfully for you guys havent been much of a focus, but first at the federal level, given your size and the disposal of the bank, maybe not an issue, but certainly a lot of focus not just in insurers but asset managers as well. So anything you guys are participating in or preparing for from that regards? And then two, at the state level, its hard to ignore kind of the influx of the insurers moving into Iowa, and just wondering if thats having any impact on either trying to approach or talent or issues in terms of how you run new business?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, those are interesting questions Chris, I appreciate that. This is Larry. Let me again just kind of backup because I think your question is interesting. And one of the things that I think has differentiated Principal over the period since the financial crisis because weve had within the industry and across all of financial services, weve had very significant, both legislative and regulatory change that has gone on. And the two most noteworthy ones I think would be the Affordable Care Act and Dodd Frank. And I think to the credit of this management team, I think theyve done an excellent job in managing and maneuvering around the substantial change that both of those pieces of legislation are going bring to broadly to financial services. So the very effective wind down, a very successful financial wind down of our medical business, difficult as the decision was, I think really position us well. And then as you noted, the deregistration of the bank, again we're still in the banking business, but weve changed the charter of the bank, so that we no longer have Federal Reserve oversight Principal Holding Company. Those are really significant items that may not get full credit for those who maybe arent as close to our industry or our businesses. Id say going forward, so most of the regulatory things that could snag us for the most part, weve maneuvered around. There is still, as you know, there is still the potential around, we dont know what systemically important definitions are going to be around asset managers. I would say, were sort of in the range of somewhere between 25 and 30th largest global asset management company. And Ill let Jim comment in a minute. So, its kind of hard to see that we would be in -- anything approaching the first phase of any definitions of systemically significant. So, I dont really worry too much about that. Again, Ill let Jim comment. On your point about Iowa, thats an interesting question. Actually to dig into that, what youll find is that the company is re-domesticating, but in many cases, and I think this is true both of Symetra and Fidelity & Guaranty Life, they are re-domesticating, but if you actually look at the jobs that they are going to bring here, it sort of numbers in the 100s, it certainly, and theyre going to keep many of their existing -- theyre going to keep their locations and their existing employees. So maybe overtime in 5 or 10 years it has some impact, but we are talking maybe 100 to 200 jobs that they will be bringing here over the next year or two, so I dont see it as a big factor. with that maybe I will forward over to Jim.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. Thanks Larry. In terms of regulations of assets managers, if you go back to the financial crises, the one piece of the asset management business that was really at the center of the troubles of those money market funds and whether they could preserve the buck. I think appropriately if one looking to what regulators are doing related to asset managers their focus is on money market funds and thats where the systemic risk might be. But fortunately and deliberately thats a pretty small business for us. And we handle clients cash in appropriate ways. And Larry, talked about our bank in the insurance separate accounts. So money market funds is something we are not at the center of. If I look at regulation and how it affects our asset management activities, its much more the second order affect, how it affects the parties we trade with. So we had new market system came in, in 2007 with a lot of controversy about equity trading. Like all big equity houses we have much more sophisticated metrics and controls now than we used to have to cope with those competitive markets. And then of course in the bond market, as you know were a big high yield manager, we deal in a lot of relatively illiquid bonds like preferreds. I think that the consequences of Dodd-Frank and the fact that the banks are devoting less capital to bond trading are something that we have worked on, upgraded our trading capabilities and essentially we are able to work on it. So I think, its more second order than the first order for us in terms of asset management regulation. And just to close, of course there is a lot going on in Europe. I think that may actually turnout for us with the alternative products we have in Europe and the new regulatory framework there it may turn into an opportunity.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: I appreciate the thoughts. And then one just quick follow-up in the past quarters you have talked about kind of RBC ratio as well as excess capital and didnt see that in the first quarter press release, so Terry maybe if you could give us an update on where you stand in any changes in your targets there?
Terry Lillis: Sure, Chris. Our targets for long-term for the end of the year for the RBC are still in that 415% to 425% range, as we make estimates during the year and thats still a pretty good range for us. We were up 439% at the end of the year and we have brought that down purposely because of the $100 million surplus note redemption. So we are back down into that range and expect to be there at the end of the year as well.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger : Hey, good morning.
 KBW: Hey, good morning.
Larry Zimpleman: Hi Ryan.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Question on the M&A pipeline I guess one thing I am wondering about is, does that comment include opportunities to buy an additional stakes from boutiques that you already own?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. Ryan this is Larry. Our comment around M&A would be broadly inclusive of any deployment of capital. So if we were to buy a bigger ownership share of some of our existing boutique, obviously that would a deployment of capital. So yes that is part of our commentary when we talk about the kind of M&A pipeline.
Ryan Krueger : Okay. And then just my understanding was that you had to accrue as if you already own 100% of these boutiques under the statutory accounting regimes. So I guess one, am I right? And if I am would that suggest that when you do buy an additional stakes that actually doesnt really impact your RBC ratio at all?
 KBW: Okay. And then just my understanding was that you had to accrue as if you already own 100% of these boutiques under the statutory accounting regimes. So I guess one, am I right? And if I am would that suggest that when you do buy an additional stakes that actually doesnt really impact your RBC ratio at all?
Larry Zimpleman: Right. Ill let Terry to comment on that and then Jim may want to comment as well.
Terry Lillis: Yes, Ryan, this is Terry. The non-controlling interest that we have is reflected as mezzanine equity in both the GAAP and statutory basis. So we already have reflected the obligation that we have to acquire some of these boutiques that can be actually put back to us. So weve recognized that already, but as Larry says as we deploy that capital to buy a bigger share of that then we get the earnings in it and well release it as well, but doesnt have an impact on the RBC ratio.
Larry Zimpleman: Jim, maybe you want to comment about kind of how we view the relationship between what we own versus what each boutique management owns?
Jim McCaughan: Yes. There is two different types and the boutiques that are consolidated, youre correct that we put in a 100% of the boutique into our income statement. But then we deduct for the minority interest, and so if we buy in some of that minority interest as a positive impact on earnings. The other sources where were on a smaller stick for their non-consolidated equity method accounting, in those cases if we buy in some more then we end up with a bigger share on the equity method. And eventually it will trip into consolidation at a point for debate with between our CFO and our auditor. So that would be the technical side of it. In terms of the business side, we are keen eventually to buy in some of these minority interests, but when we have bought a stake in a boutique, particularly from a founder or an entrepreneurial manager we like them to keep some equity in the boutique for the rest of their careers in effect. And so buying in tends to be related to succession planning. So if a retired partner in a boutique, if he retires, he or she retires then we will buyback their stock and sometimes have limited recycling to the next generation, but thats more difficult technically. So I think on balance, we view positively that evolution, but we take it in a measured way because we like to keep the equity for alignment.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Understood. Thats very helpful.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: And then just lastly on the PGI pipeline, you mentioned that was robust, just anymore color on how does it compare to recent quarters and what types of mandates are you currently seeing demand for?
Jim McCaughan: Yes, Jim McCaughan here. In terms of the pipeline, sales so far this year are up high single-digits percent from last year which was a record year for sales. So, so far this year, the sales are looking quite buoyant in the pipeline with its visibility as at least to good as its ever been for us. I think its the same story as its been for the last two years on sales which is increased demand for specialty product. Terry mentioned yield in the script, and we have a remarkable array of yield buyers, investment capabilities from real estate, other alternatives through high yield equities, high yield bonds preferred securities and all the real estate products. So if you added up, we are really in good demand for investors seeking yield. Also more broadly specialty products, things like small cap and emerging markets, emerging markets may not be this years theme, but they are coming back. And so we are well positioned we believe to continue building that pipeline which as I say has been quite strong this year.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Great, thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Good morning.
Larry Zimpleman: Hi Mark.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: I guess I wanted to go back to Erics question, I think it was on, just looking at the earnings internationally. And I mean again if you look at the AUM growth in particularly in Brazil, very strong kind of outstanding. But it actually doesn't feel like when you adjust from a constant currency basis, it doesn't feel like the earnings are catching up with the AUM growth. And I understand there is amortization changes and there is other things going on. But I guess the real question is are there any dynamics that you are currently seeing particularly in Brazil to start that would suggest that going forward earnings shouldn't keep up with AUM. Are there any market dynamics, [case] sizes, anything that would keep pressures, anything that would influence that?
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry, Mark. I'll offer a few opening comments and then Luis can comment as well. As I said in my opening comments, if you look at AUM, assets under management, when you look at assets under management over the past five years in BrazilPrev, what you'd see is about a 32% compound annual growth. So, we're at, again as we've said we're at R$90 billion, when we, which is US$40 billion, when we bought into that joint venture in 1999, it had less than a $1 billion in assets. So, I'd say that's a pretty amazing growth rate. In terms of operating earnings, I think that we're in the range in terms of again five year compound annual growth, we're in the range of 25% per year compound annual growth rate. So, they correlate, but similarly to say full service accumulation, you're not going to see your AUM growth rate be, your OE growth rate be parallel with your AUM, but they're going to be in the same zip code, would be the way that I think about it. Now on your question about, is there anything in the market that could disrupt change that, there are competitive pressures in Brazil just like any other market, although there is a fewer number of players, basically the significant players are the four -- are the banks, particularly the private banks Bradesco, Ita. The thing that might enter into it in the long term is that Brasilprev for the most part has pursued the retail market. And one of the real opportunities that is there to even further the growth of that company, if that seems even likely when it grows to 30% would be to be more active in the corporate pension market in Brazil, as compared to just the retail pension market. So again, we are only going to do that, but makes sense financially, but that would be an example of where you might see increased growth. But if you try to measure it profits for dollar, you might be able to compromise because again its the corporate market as compared to the retail market. But this is an amazing company. And again for those who maybe arent quite as familiar, if you want to hear more or see more about the performance of this company, it is part of a publically traded company in Brazil called BB Seguridade. And you can get some great insight into this very fast growing, very profitable company So Luis, anything youd like to add?
Luis Valdes: Mark, this is Luis. And truly what you have to keep in mind also, if you are looking the trend of Brasilprev which is a very, very interesting company and as Larry said, the company that is having a very interesting performance in the last five years, just certain things are happening also in Brazil. So first, the interest rate is going down that has been the trend for last five to six years. The market is getting a little bit more competitive. So we have seen a very moderate as well margin compression in Brasilprev but that is a totally normal in that kind of environment going forward. Does that help?
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Yes, it does, thank you. One quick question maybe for Dan. There have been some recent actions Dan, largely kind of on the fiduciary standard, largely directed towards Plan Sponsors relate to sub account options, investment options for participants, it sounds like its largely directed at Plan Sponsors in terms of kind of the responsibility, but I am just curious if you see any impact towards your business and the fee structures that you are able collect or PGI is able to collect from on 401(k) accounts?
Dan Houston: Yes, thanks Mark for the question. So really, there is a couple of issues, first is around the appropriateness of the fees; the second is whether or not there is adequate investment options available to the plant participants. And as you know weve run a multi-manager, multi-asset class, multi-style approach for over a decade, and thats even true within our target date funds as it turns out, Principal Global Investors does manage a generous portion of those. But we have always taken the approach that we are going to put best in class investment managers into those respective line-ups. So you could go right through our target date funds, you can go through many of our standalone investment options and find that we have a mixer of both proprietary and non-proprietary. As far as fee disclosure and fee reasonableness goes, that gets scrutinized by the advisor and the Plan Sponsor every year, most of those discussions take place annually. And so I dont see any sort of issues that we are up against that the rest of the industry isnt, matter of fact, I think we are well positioned because of our willingness to go multi-manager and our willingness to have very adaptable fee schedules depending upon what the Plan Sponsors looking for in terms of services for their participants. Does that help?
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Yes, thank you.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital: Thanks very much and good morning to everyone in Iowa.
Larry Zimpleman: Hi Eric.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital: Good morning. My first question is directed to either Larry or Dan whoever feels best suited to answer it. It seems like there continues to be a lot of commentary about how the 401(k) business is going to change in a big way, with some people who are self proclaimed experts and some people are genuine experts I suppose, saying that were going to see all sorts of new options, private equity, liquid alts, hedge funds, ETFs, this that it boggles to mind all the choices. I consider you guys absolutely to be experts on the 401(k) business. If there anyone who knows sort of whether this can happen and to what degree would be you. Where is the business headed from this regard?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. Thats interesting, this is Larry. Thats a really interesting question. What I would say is that we often forget that the average participant in a 401(k) plan likely doesnt read the Wall Street Journal every day and they dont turn on CNBC, Squawk Box or Bloomberg or FOX Business channel or any of the other media that probably many of us on this call look at multiple times each and every day. And so therefore we forget that the average 401(k) investor is in a very, very different world. They are middle income sort of person focused on their job and their family and they know they need to say but theyre clearly not an investment expert. And I think one of the unique elements of our business model and the platform that we put together including the investment platform is that we get that, we understand that, and we understand that our role is to construct very solid, but also easy, able to understand sort of investment offset. So when people start talking about ETFs and liquid alts and private equity and all of that stuff, I too chuckle a little bit, because its really hard to see, how that is something that can be easily explained in a way that the average 401(k) participant is going to have the interest in. Now I will say, on the other hand Eric, I will say the area where its possible those types of options could make some inroads would be to be a part inside some sort of target date structure. So for example, taking 5% of an investment allocation inside of target date fund and then deciding whether some alternative investments like the ones you describe might be a piece of that as a way to perhaps have higher investment performance or more stable investment performance. But thats something where the participant really doesnt need to be involved in that and frankly wouldnt be involved in that.
Terry Lillis: [This is Terry, Eric]. (Inaudible) just a couple of comments and that is remember that we still make available a brokerage window on plans where the advisor or the plan sponsor is keen on providing additional investment options, but most of these plans as said, a lot of trusties meeting 10 to 15 options, 30% of these dollars generally flow to a target date or target risk like fund, there is 30 minute group employee meetings if you got to get that message other too complicated, my last prove point even if we look at non-qualified deferred compensation, which often times funded with life insurance, on those that are funded with, mutual fund options, they are not asking in that target market for exchange traded funds or hedge funds in that place as well. So I do think its more of a after-tax investment option for many of the high wage earners.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital: Last question, second last question is for Jim. Jim, I would have thought given the strength of sales in 2013 that your first quarter 2014 cash flows would have been better than they were. What were the dynamics in the quarter that held back the cash flows?
Jim McCaughan:  Yes, thank you for that question Eric. There is a very rapid set of changes going on in clients desires and needs. And weve talked before about the move by clients away from active core products. That actually wasn't a big factor this quarter, but it's one that we must be vigilant about looking forward. Our challenge by the way with clients or inactive core products, which may be less attractive in future is to offer them some of these more in demand products that I talked about earlier in the call. That's one element, but in the particular quarter, they are a lot of moving parts and some of this is to do with these kind of inevitable losses of clients requirements change. So, for example, there's no one big theme, but for example we had a withdrawal in our currency group, which was really related to the changed hedging policy of the client. We had withdrawals from stable value, which was I think well known move more into equities, more into target date funds as people gain confidence. We had some profit taking in real estate that leads to an outflow, but it also leads to a happy client who hopefully will come back for more when weve got propositions to offer them. So, I think this will continue to be a theme. The fact that we have the attractive products to replace it with thats why structurally we feel confident that we'll continue to have positive flows in the institutional space. But I do think it's very important that we beat continued diligence and vigilance about dealing with those clients.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital: Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  Does that help, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates:  Hey, everybody. Actually the last part was something I wanted to ask about. Jim the clients that you referenced, these changes that you referenced, this is all on the PGI direct side, right?
Jim McCaughan: Yes, that's correct.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, I just wanted to make sure, that was correct. All right, just a couple, Terry, early on you talked about the pension expense, there was some discussion with regards to the net revenue margin for FSA and others in FSA being very, very high. The guidance that you gave late last year, did that incorporate this lower level of pension expense in it?
Terry Lillis: Steven, this is Terry. Yes it did, it factored in. Now that will come in all year long. In fact, one of the things that we talked about the guidance is that it will also reflect some other changes such as variable income, it's somewhat spotty throughout the year as well. But over the long period as Dan talked about that you'll see this revenue and expense get back to that higher end of that 30% to 32% return on that revenue range.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then on the variable investment income, it's correct that it was all real estate, it was all allocated to guarantee and in individual annuity there is nothing else out there, there is nothing accounted for?
Terry Lillis: Yes, Steven, this is Terry. The variable annuity that we called out was a little bit bigger in the guaranteed businesses, the investment-only, the full service payout, you can actually reflect it there. But there was also some variable income that was spread among all the other businesses, and what we found in those other businesses that there were some partial offsets to that. For example the individual annuity, it got some variable income as well, but that plus a lower effective tax rate somewhat offset some of the higher amortizations of tax. So, we kind of looked at it as what was a good number for each of the businesses and called those numbers out.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then one more if I may, on China, I dont believe that you are participating in the RQFII process yet, are you intending and I guess if not, why not?
Larry Zimpleman:  Ill let Jim to maybe answer that one Steven.
Jim McCaughan:  I think the answer to that is yes, we're looking at it. We have QFII capacity through our joint venture, so it happens to CCB Principal Asset Management which is part of Principal International but we have Principal Global Investors are managing or advising rather on those QFII assets. RQFII is expanding, it's relatively modest as far as global asset managers are concerned, but we do expect to be involved.
Larry Zimpleman:  I think one of the -- this is Larry Steven, I think one of the interesting things is that the challenges have been so significant in the Chinese equity market that I think many of the more sophisticated investors are now actually starting to think that we're getting closer to maybe an interesting opportunity relative to Chinese equity A shares. So it will be interesting to see what happens over the next couple of years basically with us. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you guys.
Larry Zimpleman:  You bet.
Operator:  We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman:  Well, thanks everybody for joining us for our call this morning. As we said, we're very pleased with our strong start to the year and we're really pleased with the ongoing momentum of our businesses. And we look forward to visiting with many of you on the road in the coming months. So, I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8 O'clock pm Eastern Time until end of day, May 2, 2014. 18044564 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 10:30:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Principal Life and Chief Executive Officer of The Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President James P. McCaughan - Chief Executive Officer of Principal Global Investors and President of Principal Global Investors Luis E. Valds - Chief Executive Officer of Principal International and President of Principal International Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following our reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss fourth quarter and full year results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution and long-term benefits of our strategy, and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are on our website. Slide 4 outlines the themes for the call. Fourth quarter 2013 was a strong finish to a great year. Total company operating earnings were $286 million in the fourth quarter and full year total company operating earnings were a record at nearly $1.1 billion. The fact that we achieved record operating earnings while still facing the headwinds of low interest rates and emerging market volatility demonstrates strong business fundamentals and the power of our diversified business model. This also makes us optimistic for continued growth in operating earnings as economic conditions return to more normal trend patterns. Our competitive position remains strong in the U.S. and is gaining momentum globally. We manage assets in more than 60 countries, and we've expanded our retirement leadership position to key countries in Latin America and Asia. We continue to deliver innovative investment retirement and protection solutions, such as Total Retirement Suite, life cycle funds and business owner and executive solutions that competitors are not able to match, and we export these ideas to markets outside of the U.S. to create long-term growth. Total company full year net cash flows of $17.4 billion helped drive assets under management to a record $483.2 billion, following our key additional growth metrics that highlight our success in 2013. Full Service Accumulation full year sales of $10.3 billion, which was the second highest on record. Margins in this business continued to improve as we strike a better balance across all plan sizes. Full year recurring deposits, an important growth metric for the business, were up 12% year-over-year. Principal Funds continued to deliver strong sales growth, with full year sales up 26% to a record $19.8 billion. This, along with strong market performance and solid net cash flows, produced record account values at year end. Principal Global Investors had record assets under management of $292.1 billion at the end of 2013, and full year net cash flows of $4.2 billion. Unaffiliated assets under management also ended the year at a record $109.4 billion. Principal International assets under management were $104.5 billion at year end despite an $11 billion negative currency impact. Net cash flows remained strong at $8.5 billion for the year or 12% of beginning of year assets under management. This is despite the emerging market volatility in the last half of 2013. U.S. Insurance Solutions premiums and fees were a record $2.4 billion. Specific to Specialty Benefits, full year sales grew 5% over 2012 and the loss ratio for the year was favorable and at the low end of our projected range. Individual Life sales were down year-over-year, primarily due to an intentional slowdown of universal life with secondary guarantee sales. Individual Life sales, excluding universal life with secondary guarantee, are up 21% year-over-year. Our business market focus continues to be a differentiator for us with non-qualified deferred compensation and Business Owner and Executive Solutions making up 57% of full year sales. Again, the fundamentals of our business remains strong. We continue to build a leadership position in the markets where we operate, providing continued momentum into 2014 and beyond. Next, I'll comment on the continued execution and long-term benefits of our strategy. Our Investment Management Plus strategy has created a durable and globally diverse business model with a set of highly integrated businesses that is unique among our peers. With Global Investment Management at the core of our strategy, strong investment performance is crucial to our success. As Slide 5 outlines, the investment performance remains competitive and is the leading indicator of future sales and flows. To be a global investment management leader, we must also attract top investment talent. During the fourth quarter, The Principal earned the top spot in its category in Pensions and Investments' annual survey of the best places to work in money management for the second year in a row. We view this as a significant accomplishment when it speaks to our ability to attract and retain top investment talent. Within Principal Global Investors, we've taken a unique approach to executing our multi-boutique strategy. We've acquired and built expertise across multiple investment strategies with particular focus on meeting increased demand for global equities, fixed income and alternative investments. We drive efficiencies in our boutique model through a shared access to a world-class distribution and operational platform. We'll continue to look for ways to increase scale and efficiencies while maintaining our leadership position across multiple investment categories. Moving to Principal International. Cuprum was a meaningful contributor to bottom line 2013 results, better than our expectations when we completed the acquisition 1 year ago today. In addition to achieving strong financial results, Cuprum was once again ranked at the top for both investment performance and customer satisfaction as published by the Chilean pension regulator in December. Cuprum has topped all of its peers in customer satisfaction, 19 of the past 23 rankings. Maintaining these high scores is testament to the exceptional job the team did to ensure a smooth on-boarding of Cuprum. This successful acquisition will continue to provide long-term growth opportunities as the mandatory pension market continues to grow and we expand our focus on the voluntary market in Chile. Our combined operations in Chile, Brazil and Mexico make us the second largest pension provider in Latin America. Building additional scale and increasing our leadership position in these countries is a priority as middle-class growth continues at a rapid pace. The Principal is uniquely positioned to provide the long-term savings and retirement solutions this middle-class is seeking. Principal International continues to build its leadership position in Asia as well. In Hong Kong, all 5 of Principal's MPF pension funds were winners of benchmark Fund of the Year Award in 2013, including one best-in-class fund. In Malaysia, during 2013, assets under management in our new PRS pension company grew tenfold and we now have the second largest market share. These accomplishments continue to position Principal International as a retirement leader as these markets mature. The Principal continues to be a leader in the U.S. retirement and employee benefits market as well. In this highly competitive environment, we have the right mix of products and solutions to meet the needs of small and medium-sized businesses, their owners and their employees. Our ability to manage both qualified and non-qualified assets through Total Retirement Suite, and our competitive employer paid and voluntary employee benefits products make The Principal the right provider to help business owners attract and retain employees. In addition, our comprehensive business owner executive solutions are unique among our peers and complementary to our other businesses. The Principal has been a leader in helping individuals prepare for and manage income and retirement for more than a decade. Our ability to win and retain clients has led to an increase of more than 700,000 eligible retirement participants since 2010. The growth opportunity in helping eligible participants in the plans we manage prepare for retirement is tremendous. Retirement readiness solutions, such as auto enroll and auto escalate features built into the plans, as well as continued work site efforts, will help drive further increases in recurring deposits and will allow The Principal to remain a leader in the retirement market as baby boomers enter retirement and millennials begin to save. Principal Funds also plays a critical role in our long-term growth strategy. Our unique outcomes-based solutions and solid investment performance have led to strong sales and net cash flows for several years. As a result, Principal Funds continues to add market share and is now the 17th largest advisor sold mutual fund family in the U.S., up from 19th a year ago. Advisor growth continues in our Funds business. We're now doing business with more than 50,000 advisors, yet this is still a fraction of the entire advisor universe. In addition, sales in our Defined Contribution Investment Only, or DCIO channel, have doubled since 2011 as we continue to successfully place our funds on other non-affiliated record-keeper platforms. Finally, we announced at the end of December that the process to deregister the Principal Financial Group in our other holding companies, as savings and loan holding companies, was complete. As a result, we are no longer subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Principal Bank will continue to offer individual retirement accounts that complement our full lineup of retirement savings and income solutions to meet the needs of our clients. I'll close with some comments on capital management. Last night, we announced the first quarter 2014 common stock dividend of $0.28, an 8% increase over the fourth quarter 2013 dividend, demonstrating continued confidence in our ability to grow fee-based earnings and generate higher percentages of deployable capital. We continue to focus on increasing our dividend payout ratio on a growing net income base. As we said on our outlook call, we expect to deploy $500 million to $700 million of capital in 2014. Our broad strategies for capital deployment will not change. As always, our capital deployment strategy is aimed at providing the best long-term value for shareholders. In closing, we're very pleased with the strong results in 2013, especially in light of continued macroeconomic volatility. We remain confident in the strength of our business mix and fundamentals, our long-term opportunities for growth and our experienced teams' ability to continue to successfully execute on the things they can control. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. The fourth quarter was another strong quarter, resulting in record full year operating earnings. Achieving these results in a volatile global economy demonstrates the strength of our businesses and our ability to execute. We are very excited about the continued momentum of our businesses. This morning, I'll focus my comments on: operating earnings for the quarter and full year; net income, including performance of the investment portfolio; and I'll close with an update on capital deployment. Total company operating earnings for the quarter of $286 million were up 19% over reported fourth quarter 2012. When looking at full year results, operating earnings of nearly $1.1 billion were up 31% over reported 2012 results. Even after adjusting for the third quarter 2012 actuarial assumption review, earnings were up 19% for the full year. Excluding the Corporate segment, 63% of the company's record operating earnings in 2013 were from fee-based businesses. This reflects our scaling back or exiting businesses that produce more than $150 million of spread and risk-based earnings, and replacing them with less capital-intensive, fee-based earnings. These fee-based earnings come from higher multiple businesses that put less pressure on our balance sheet. We strongly believe that our current business mix provides the right diversification for continued growth. Fourth quarter 2013 operating earnings per share was $0.96, a 19% increase compared to the year-ago quarter. For the full year, earnings per share of $3.55 increased 20% over adjusted 2012 results. This is a strong result, especially in light of macroeconomic volatility in the quarter. Earnings per share growth for the year was higher than our expected 11% to 13% annual growth rate due to the addition of Cuprum, favorable equity markets and disciplined expense management. Looking at Slide 6, you'll see that fourth quarter 2013 earnings were impacted by some normalizing items, which in total, had no impact on earnings per share. In Principal International, the encaje returns in Chile benefited operating earnings for the quarter, but were essentially offset by a one-time impact of the change in Mexican tax law that we mentioned on our outlook call. Higher-than-expected pre-payments and Individual Annuities and better-than-expected operating earnings in Individual Life due, in part, to improved mortality were offset by one-time negative items in Corporate. Now I'll discuss business unit results. Starting with the Accumulation businesses within the Retirement and Investor Services, operating earnings were $153 million, an increase of 15% over the year-ago quarter. As shown in Slide 7, net revenue was up 14% over the year-ago quarter. Trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue improved at 32%. Quarterly operating earnings for Full Service Accumulation at $93 million were up 15% from the year-ago quarter. Net revenue was also up 15% due to growth in the business and strong equity market performance. The trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue for the business unit was 31%. Sales, at $3 billion for the quarter, were strong as we continue to focus on striking an appropriate balance of growth and profitability. Net cash flows for Full Service Accumulation were $143 million for the quarter. Increases in the equity market impact withdrawals more than deposits, as recurring deposits are not directly correlated to market returns. Principal Funds operating earnings were $22 million for the quarter, a 63% increase from the year-ago quarter, as the strong sales over the last several years are now translating into bottom line results. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue was up 24% and operating margins have continued to improve due to increased scale in the business. For the quarter, retail mutual fund sales were $4.1 billion, leading to $550 million of net cash flow. While down from a year-ago quarter, these results were solid relative to the industry. Individual Annuities fourth quarter operating earnings were $32 million. The segment benefited from higher-than-expected prepayments in the quarter. This more than offset the spread compression due to the low interest rate environment. Bank and trust operating earnings for the quarter were $6 million. With the repositioning of the bank as part of the deregistration process, this is a new quarterly run rate for earnings. Slide 8 covers guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Fourth quarter operating earnings of $26 million were up 37% over the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue was 81%. Investment-only operating earnings improved 33% from the prior year quarter to $15 million as increasing spreads more than offset a decrease in account value. New business continues to be more profitable than business rolling off. We continue to approach this business opportunistically, and we'll write business when market conditions generate attractive returns. Full service payout operating earnings were $11 million for the quarter, a 44% increase over the year-ago quarter, and sales were $205 million. We believe that the rising interest rate environment will allow us to add small to mid-sized pension closeout business at attractive returns. Slide 9 shows Principal Global Investors' operating earnings were $30 million, up 15% from the year-ago quarter. Fourth quarter revenues grew 41% over prior year quarters, driven largely by stronger-than-normal performance fees in the current quarter. The performance fees were generated by boutiques, where we do not have full ownership, therefore, the impact of revenue is larger than the impact of after-tax earnings. The full year pretax margin for Principal Global Investors of 24% is 150 basis point improvement compared to 2012. The margin is down sequentially due to the higher performance fees in the fourth quarter. The very strong performance fees in the quarter will also impact the revenue growth rates that we laid out on our outlook call. We now expect 2014 revenues to be similar to 2013, with pretax margins improving to the 26% to 28% range previously disclosed. Unaffiliated assets under management were $109 billion at year end. Unaffiliated net cash flow for the quarter was $1.1 billion. There's continued demand for our diversified investment product portfolio as we move into 2014. Slide 10 shows fourth quarter 2013 operating earnings for Principal International of $62 million. Encaje returns for the quarter were better-than-expected in Chile. That benefit was largely offset by the one-time impact of the tax change in Mexico. When compared to the prior year quarter, results this quarter were also negatively impacted by the prospective change to the amortization pattern of the intangible assets in Brazil, as discussed in our outlook call in December. In addition, operating earnings growth from the year ago was suppressed by 11% due to continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Quarterly net cash flows for the segment were a record $2.7 billion, helped by a return to normal cash flows in Brazil. Principal International ended the quarter with $105 billion of assets under management despite the strengthening U.S. dollar. U.S. Insurance Solutions operating earnings were $60 million for the quarter. These results were flat with the year-ago quarter, but the mix between the underlying businesses shifted slightly. As shown on Slide 11, reported Individual Life operating earnings were up 17% from the year-ago quarter to a strong $33 million. Results in the quarter benefited from improved mortality. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax operating margin was 14% compared to the 15% to 17% communicated for the year. Higher-than-expected mortality in the early part of the year was the main reason for the variance. As shown on Slide 12, Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $27 million were down $5 million from a very strong year-ago quarter. Both quarters benefited from favorable loss ratios. The decline in the current quarter was primarily driven by several one-time expenses. We continue to expect our quarterly loss ratios to be in the 65% to 71% range, with fourth quarter at the favorable end of the range due to seasonality of claims. Trailing 12-month pretax operating margins of 11% was slightly above our expectations due to favorable claims experienced for the year. The Corporate segment reported an operating loss for the quarter of $45 million, higher than our forecasted range of $35 million to $40 million of operating losses. Results this quarter were negatively impacted by higher expenses, as well as tax adjustments that are housed in the Corporate segment. Full year losses in Corporate of $149 million are at the lower end of the range we laid out at the beginning of the year. Expectations for losses in 2014 are $130 million to $150 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $233 million. Realized capital losses for the quarter were $52 million, with credit-related losses making up $25 million of the total. Full year credit-related losses were $84 million, a 24% improvement from the previous year and were better than our pricing assumptions. Our return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 12.1% at year end, a strong result improvement year-over-year, even taking into account the impact from the actuarial assumption review in 2012. Full year earnings grew 19% over the adjusted prior year, while average equity excluding AOCI increased just 5%. As I mentioned at Investor Day, growing operating earnings 10% to 12% while managing the equity growth will deliver a 50 to 80 basis point annual increase in return on equity. Looking now at capital adequacy. We estimate our year-end risk-based capital ratio to be 430% to 435%. This allows us to redeem a $100 million surplus note in the first quarter 2014 and still manage to our targeted RBC ratio of 415% to 425%. As outlined on Slide 13, we announced plans to deploy more than $480 million of capital in 2013, in line with our guidance for the year. This included a record full year common stock dividend of $0.98, which was a 26% increase over the dividend paid in 2012. Our dividend payout ratio for the year improved to 33% on an increasing net income base. As we move to 2014, we expect to deploy $500 million to $700 million of capital in the year, and over the long term, we expect to deploy 65% to 70% of our net income with volatility in any given year. In closing, we're extremely pleased with the strong results in the quarter and the full year. We feel that we're well positioned for future growth across all of our businesses, and that our diversified business mix will generate successful results across various economic environments. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was hoping we could talk about capital markets relative to the assumptions you had built into your 2014 outlook. And really, I'm thinking about both -- or I guess, the combination of global equity market weakness, long-term interest rates or lower foreign currency pressures have actually increased. So I'm just wondering, when you combine these factors, can you give us an estimate as to how much pressure on a combined basis this is placing on your outlook, relative to that original guidance provided in early December? And then I'd also like to look at the flip side of that. As a result of some of these pressures and dislocations, are you seeing any increased opportunities, especially on the acquisition side?
Larry D. Zimpleman: John, this is Larry. On the -- on your first question, John, as you know, we did our outlook call in early December, and we don't really update or comment on it after that point. Now you went through in your comments or in your question, a number of factors that certainly would -- the world might look a little bit different today than it did back in early December. But having said all of that, I guess I would make a couple of points. One is that the companies in the local markets outside the U.S. for Principal International continue to grow at double-digit rates. While there has been some noise in terms of the currencies, the actual local economies continue to do quite well, okay? So those companies continue to grow at roughly double-digit rates. Some of them grow faster than that. So for example, Brazil has historically grown at something closer to 20% to 25%. But the main point is that the local companies continue to grow at double-digit rates. The -- I would say that the currencies in January, the currencies have probably added another couple of percent headwind. So from what it was in December, we would have reflected some modest headwind when we made that call, that headwind might be a little bit tougher today. But I think if you net everything out and you think about our capital deployment, I would say, as I said in my comments, we still expect to see growth in operating earnings, growth in EPS during 2013. And I would emphasize again, the fundamentals of the business remain very, very strong. Now in terms of M&A, I think your question is an interesting one because for every challenge, there is an opportunity. And it could be that with the capital flexibility we have, with a more fee-based business model, that there could be opportunities for M&A, and we're aware of some that have come up and it's potentially likely that others may become more attractive in time.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then if I could just follow up on that. So if we assume that you -- that Principal did not issue any equity to do a deal, but rather use existing cash resources or capital resources, and I guess there's some modest debt capacity, can you give us a sense of about how much that, in total, would get to?
Larry D. Zimpleman: I'm not quite sure that I understand your question, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, if you had -- how big a deal could you do, I guess, without raising equity?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, again, I would say that the deal that we could do without raising equity would probably be in the sort of $500 million to $1 billion range. But I guess, I would look at this sort of net -- M&A for us, I would say, John, we'll look net-net on an accretive basis. In other words, we would only do things that we were confident we could execute on, first of all, because they have to be consistent with the strategy. And #2, I would say, they have to be accretive, and they have to be more than accretive with other uses of capital within a kind of 3 to 5-year period. Now, we all know the way M&A works, is it tends to be sort of accounting unfriendly, that is the reality so you're not going to necessarily getting the accretion versus other uses of capital in year 1. But we would want to build an acquisition plan we could execute on so that by 3 to 5 years, we are seeing accretion as compared to other uses of that capital. Regardless of how we finance it, that's how we think about it.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's entirely consistent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to focus again on kind of the emerging markets. And obviously, there's been a lot of focus and not going to change your long-term approach, I think, but obviously, if you could comment some around, maybe a bit more on what you're hearing or seeing on the ground, and would be particularly interested in Jim's thoughts around what you guys are hearing, maybe from your emerging markets, specialist boutique, kind of like Finisterre?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, Chris. I'll start that and Jim may want to make some comments, Luis may want to comment. I would start by saying, first of all, that we are in very carefully selected emerging markets. We're not a broad emerging markets company, we are not out there in 40 or 50 sort of emerging markets. We are in very, very selected emerging markets. So we take a very, very hard look at the economies and frankly, the political systems that are in place before we would use our capital to invest in these companies. So for example, Argentina was a country we exited, as an example. So we believe that we are in emerging markets but we are in the stronger economies within the emerging markets. So I think that's an important kind of distinction to recognize. Second point is the one that I said in relationship to John's question which is that, this sort of emerging market kind of hiccup is an interesting one and it's a bit different in sense that there has not been disruption in the performance of the local economies. It's a capital flow issue, not a local economy issue. In other words, the local economies continue to sort of trend -- growth trend continues to be sort of give or take what it was before. So for example, the Chilean economy -- even the Brazilian economy, still in that 2% to 3% growth mode. So the local economies continue to be strong and that's really what our expectation is for 2014. We don't see anything on the horizon that would indicate that the local economies are going to struggle to meet the growth targets that we put into our outlook for 2014. So with that, maybe I'll have Jim talk about what he hears from his analyst.
James P. McCaughan: Yes, thank you. To Larry's point about selected emerging markets, I'd also add the diversification point. So if I look at, for example, Finisterre, whom you mentioned, they're long short, and that actually means they can do quite well in up markets and down markets. And in fact, they had, not a great but quite a good 2013 if you research their investment performance. It was mostly around the double digits mark which, for an emerging specialist, in dollar terms, was actually pretty credible. And the reason of that was so was the long short part of it, are other emerging bond capabilities at Principal Global Fixed Income has actually focused on dollar-based emerging market debt and so has been spared a lot of the worst stuff. And I think that highlights the selectivity point that Larry made. And also, I think it illustrates the diversification point I'm making. If you look at emerging equities, it's been interesting to see at Origin, who have a quantitive approach, very strong performance record, which is actually leading to some interest by clients which is maybe counter-intuitive because it's at a time when most emerging market fund was seeing outflows. So, really, that would be my main point about, to add to Larry, the markets is the diversification. If you talk to our equity analyst, it's really the point that the underlying economies continue to do fine but they're worried about financial squeeze, credit cycle, currency stability. The other point I'd make though, and this relates to how we are placed to defend against the ups and downs of markets, is -- and this applies to Principal Global Investors and also to Principal International, by and large, our revenues in emerging markets or in international currencies are broadly matched by costs in those markets. So it's actually a matter here of translation rather than of a mismatch, which is something that happens with many companies in emerging markets. So we feel we're managing the risks. They're likely to stay volatile but I think that with selectivity and the diversification we've talked about and also the structure of our businesses, we are managing the risks quite effectively in a temporarily tough time.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Does that help, Chris?
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Very helpful. And then just one last quick one on capital, recognizing your long-term philosophy around capital management. Curious, as the recent weakness in your stock causes you to change maybe the near-term approach, entice you to maybe look at buybacks more, is that still kind of too shortsighted?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. I'll make a couple of -- this is Larry. I'm going to make a couple of comments. I mean, again, we've thought about kind of share repurchase, and again, a sort of a 2-bucket approach. The first bucket would be to make sure that we're managing share count and therefore, repurchasing shares relative to any kind of newly issued equity, primarily as a result of deferred compensation. So that piece we would do as kind of a standard part of our capital management. The second bucket would then be that more opportunistic bucket. And I think to your point, Chris, while we haven't made any final decisions on that, I think to your point, we've always maintained a zone or a range of sort of intrinsic value of the company. And we're obviously coming closer to that range of intrinsic value. I think it's one of the real items of capital flexibility that we now have. As Terry said in his comments, we're a much more balance sheet-light organization and able to deploy much higher levels of free cash flow for capital management. So we think that gives us a lot more flexibility, and certainly, we recognize that there's perhaps been a little bit of overbaked nature to the emerging market concerned that may give us opportunity. We'll see what happens going forward for some opportunistic share repurchase as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a couple of sensitivity questions. One is on encaje. Should Central Bank actually start raising interest rates to combat the decline in currencies? What kind of -- can you give us some sort of sensitivity as to what impact on EPS that may have on overall results?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. Yaron, I'll have -- this is Larry. I'll have Luis comment. Just as a broad reminder kind of going to Luis' comments in Chile, the encaje is a more, somewhat more diversified portfolio. So it includes both equities and fixed income and it even has a dab of sort of global equities in it. In Mexico, the encaje, which is smaller, but that encaje is primarily a fixed income kind of sovereign investment there, so that would be impacted by rates. But Luis, do you want to comment?
Luis E. Valds: Yes, certainly. This is a pretty interesting question because in the country that were pretty much more exposed to the encaje is Chile, as Larry said, and the main debate that you could see in Chile right now is when the Central Bank is going to lower the interest rate instead of to raise the interest rate in Chile. And that's precisely in order to be a little bit anti-cyclic above the financial turmoil that emerging markets are living in. So we don't really see a very important risk about interest rates going up in Chile. And in fact, the Central Bank last week, they made decision in order to keep the interest rate as it was and probably in their outlook is whether -- saying is that probably they're -- they have a much more stronger opinion in order probably to lower the interest rate going forward. In Mexico, the solution's a little bit different. And also, we don't see that the Mexican Central Bank is going to raise the interest rate, and that's our opinion. We were able to see some interest rate going up in Mexico during January but nothing in comparison with what happened in May and in June of last year that went up like 130 basis points in 2 weeks. So, it's being in a kind of mild movement in comparison with what happened in the very first part of -- or last part of the second quarter in 2013.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Does that help you, Yaron?
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, it does, thank you. And then, Larry, could you talk a little bit about the new legislation that was proposed by Senator Harkin on private pensions and what impact that may have on Principal?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Sure, sure. So I think last Thursday, Yaron, Senator Harkin introduced -- actually dropped the bill. He had been talking about this, maybe almost a better part 2 years. He dropped the bill. I think, broadly, it's sort of called the USA Accounts, and the USA stands for the 3 words, I can't quite remember, I think it's like Universal Secure and Adaptable or something like that. The essence of, I think, the Senator's proposal is that he would mandate contributions among all employers, if you will, into a defined contribution plan. If you're a small employer that didn't already have a plan in place, you would effectively go to the, I guess, the government-sponsored plan. The government-sponsored plan will then be managed by the private sector, so that's a little bit different than the myRA proposal that President Obama had talked about in his State of the Union. We, Principal, obviously, Senator Harkin's a Chairman of the HELP Committee. He's, obviously, the -- he's a junior senator from Iowa despite the fact he's been in the Senate for a very long time, we obviously work very closely with his office, and I talk with the senator on a regular basis. I think his primary purpose in dropping the bill was to continue, which I view as a positive, to put some emphasis on the fact that Americans need to save more for their own retirement. I mean, that's the bottom line, I think, the bottom line message that the Senator is trying to make. Now whether this particular approach of mandating contributions is one that will see the light of day, I think even the Senator might be a little bit skeptical about that. But I think his purpose is to stimulate the conversation, and we think simply stimulating the conversation is going to be helpful for our businesses because the reality is, we do all need to save more for retirement, whether that's mandated or whether that's just on a voluntary basis. So we actually think net-net, it helps to put the focus and spotlight on this issue, and it will perhaps cause people to redouble their efforts to make sure they're saving at the rate they need to do for their own retirement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg from RBC Capital.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: My first question of 2 relates to your guaranteed area. When -- if my memory serves me correctly, when you announced several years ago that you were going to limit your exposure to guaranteed investment contracts, I think you sort of -- you left impression that this would be a business with shrinking earnings. Well, this morning, we're reporting sharply higher earnings and your crediting improved net interest margins in contrast to what's going on with your Life Insurance business, where interest rates are actually pressuring your business. Two-part question. One, why the difference between the effect of interest rates on the Life business and from the Guarantee business effect? And should we expect that this business, this Guaranteed business, perspectively, to be a growing business in terms of earnings rather than the shrinking business that it had been for some time?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Thanks, Eric. This is Larry. Yes, it's a -- your questions are kind of interesting. Actually, what we've been trying to sort of manage within the context of what you called the guaranteed business, which another term, for those maybe not quite as familiar, that we apply to this business is the investment-only business. So Eric is talking about investment-only business as compared to the Individual Life business. What we've talked about managing in the Investment-only businesses is the account value of that business relative to the general account. So our general account, what we talked about is managing the Investment-only to be roughly 18% to 20% of the total value of our general account. And that's still our kind of best guess. It's sort of within that range now, and it's probably at the lower end of that range, and we would expect to sort of stay within that range. Now as the general account grows, that means that we'll grow that Investment-only account value, and it also means that earnings will grow, albeit they'll grow at something as closer to a mid-single digit rate. So, 4% to 6% or something like that. Now, the Life business -- the Life business on the other hand, again, as we said, we're making a little bit of a transition into Life business, sort of a way from UL's secondary guarantees toward more toward term products, toward more variable Life products. And so we have absolutely have plans to continue to grow that business, again, focused primarily on business owner and executive solutions. So I think, Eric, what you should expect going forward would be that sort of low -- or excuse me, that sort of mid single-digit growth rate in operating earnings. Actually, in commenting on fourth quarter here, you would note, or you should have noted, that the Individual Life business also had very nice improvement in operating earnings, albeit it was more from mortality than the spread. Whereas in Investment-only, it was more from the spread.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And if I could just ask my second and final question regarding Chile. Why is there, I mean, and this obviously could be an extended response so you'll need to give me an abbreviated one, but why is there a voluntary opportunity? And how should we think of the size of this opportunity and the potential earnings from it?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Okay. This is Larry, I'll make a few comments. The -- just quickly on the side, and then I'll let Luis talk about why the government decided to have a voluntary layer rather than just extend the mandatory. But just to give you a sense of the voluntary opportunity, basically, the mandatory system stops at a salary level that's about USD $38,000. So you're required to contribute roughly 10% of your salary up to the first USD $38,000 of your compensation. So again, if you make $75,000, you're only contributing on half. So that's where the cutoff between mandatory and voluntary occurs, is at that $38,000 of income level in U.S. dollar terms. Now, I'll ask Luis to talk quickly about why the government decided to go voluntary rather than mandatory on that upper income fees.
Luis E. Valds: Yes, Eric, this is mainly because going -- in trying to raise the bar in the compulsory system. It has implied a lot of political pain, if you want. You have a lot of resistance about the employees and employer to go in that direction, so the Chilean government is pretty much more keen in order to go after a voluntary solution, compulsory solution, and that's the -- where they're, I think, adding more incentives in order to develop that market. Having said that, they are putting in -- they're moving these limits that Larry mentioned a little bit but very much more timid. They put a law in 2008 that is moving those limits. But I'm saying those moves are very timid and the need for having a very strong voluntary market in Chile remains as it was, since the beginning of this decade. So that might answer why the Chilean government is pretty much more clear in order to put forward a voluntary market rather than a compulsory one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Citi.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was just hoping you could comment a little bit more on what you're seeing in terms of activity in the U.S. 401(k) market, I guess, particularly around recurring deposits and RFP activity.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, sure, Eric. This is Larry. I'll have Dan comment. I would just say broadly, we are, finally, I think 2013, to some extent, was the year of the rebound as it relates to recurring deposits. On a trailing 12 months, we've seen those that in fourth quarter, they are up about 12%, but I'll let Dan give you some color.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. 2013, Erik, was really a solid year if you look at it from an operating earnings perspective, but more importantly, just that mix of business of small, medium and large plans. You may have noticed that we wrote a net new 1,900 plans on a full year basis, of plans of less than 1,000 employees and on plans with more than 1,000 employees. We actually increased that by 8%, and we -- on a trailing 12-month basis, improve our return on net revenue. Your primary questions around what's the outlook or 2014, and it's not that different than other years where we had a lot of volatility in the equity markets. And when we see volatility, we see the actual pipeline get smaller, less -- fewer plans going out to bid when the equity markets are performing exceedingly well or if they're incredibly volatile. So they're down slightly. So I would anticipate we could have a light first quarter sales year. But we'll have to see.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, any comments you could make on the competitive trends? And I guess any changes in strategy or pricing you're seeing from either other life insurers or the asset managers in the market?
Daniel J. Houston: I don't think there's been a significant change. As I think about the latter half of '13 and the first part of '14, the traditional players by each of the 3 market segments. One of the advantages we have is just really strong investment managed performance, getting our fair share of the slots for active asset management that serves us very well, and Jim and his team has just done a superb job giving us a good product to sell, whether it's in the DCIO space or the full service. You'll note that our results for '13, over $10 billion, that's our second best year ever. The other number I break out for you is we did another $4 billion in DCIO. So over $14 billion to that core SMB space between full service and DCIO mutual fund sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss from Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And maybe just to follow-up on Erik Bass' question, get a little bit more granular on the recurring deposits. 2013 was pretty strong year in terms of recurring deposit growth. I believe some of this was from the return of company matches. Could you just sort of talk about that dynamic, maybe on a year-on-year basis, full year, in terms of how much company net just came back and how much more room there is for runway for recurring deposit growth going into 2014?
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, good question. So...
Larry D. Zimpleman: I'll just make a quick opening comment, if I could, Seth. One of the -- and I commented on it briefly in the opening comments, but I think to your point, there is a real opportunity to see some meaningful growth in recurring deposits, primarily focused around this initiative that we broadly call retirement readiness, which is to say, in responding to the question earlier around Senator Harkin's proposal, the reality is, is that many, many -- the majority of our participants are not saving at the level they need to. And we, as a retirement provider, need to engage much more actively with each and every one of those participants, often in the workplace, in order to get their contributions up to a level that is needed. Again broadly, what you'd say is if you're not saving in kind of the double-digit range with your own contributions, you may not have a sort of retirement lifestyle that you're seeking. So today, participant deferrals are sort of in that 7.25% range, so we need to get that closer to 10%. That's going to take a lot of work. It's going to happen over time. But that gives you some sense of where that recurring deposit stream could go if you had every participant at 10% instead of a 7.25%. And then maybe with that, I'll pass to Dan for his comment.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, just a couple of additional things to add to that, Seth. And the first one would be, just remember that we're starting to finally see some employment growth. And if we looked at the Deanna's business, which they have tracked that very closely on our group benefits business, we saw a trailing 12-month basis of a growth of about 1%. Remember, at the worst, that was shrinking. And so we're starting to see growth there, we're starting to see job ads. To Larry's point, it's about plan design as opposed to trying to continue down this path of just education, and so requiring, if you will, plan designs that would have auto enroll and auto escalate which will lead to the results that Larry described. I do anticipate that profit-sharing contributions start coming back, we saw good profits by small to medium-sized business. To your specific question about matching, we think that maybe we're about 80% back from the -- from where we were originally, from employers having a stated match in their plans. And so maybe a little bit more upside on the matching contributions. Hopefully that helps.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's great. And maybe just one follow-up on that 7.25% deferral rate. Is there any difference by plan size in terms of the contributions? Do you see small or medium size contributing less than large size or is it all pretty stable across?
Daniel J. Houston: It has more to do with actual plan designs itself. If you have an employer matching contribution, strong employer endorsements and support, you're going to get a better result, whether that's a small, medium or large plan, which, again, is why we get pretty selective and disciplined about the pricing of these plans. We've got to have the attention of the employer to support meaningful employee engagement and profit-sharing contributions, matching contributions. And then of course, sector, retail is pretty difficult, that's where you see the plan designs that aren't quite as advantageous for the plan participant. I would just call out, we continue to see growth in that not-for-profit sector. We have a large business around hospitals. Hospitals generally have pretty generous benefits and so, we again see good engagement, the high participation, high salary deferral and nice employer contributions.
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A couple follow-ups. I guess, one of the comments made, I think in a couple of questions earlier, was on the first quarter of sales outlook being a little bit light. I think it was Dan, you made that comment. What is that attributable to, do you think?
Daniel J. Houston: I think it's, a large part, just the equity market we're very strong and so there's fewer RFPs out. Now the corollary to that is we'll likely retain a lot of business because we don't see our plans being put out to bed either. So we've seen that in other periods, it's a halo effect of strong investment performance for a plan. They're probably less likely to put that out to bids, therefore the pipeline gets a little smaller. So better retention, and perhaps, a little bit lighter pipeline.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. Mark, this is Larry. What I would say on that is if you go back look at prior calendar years, you'll see a very definite trend towards -- if you divide the year into 2 pieces, first half, second half, you see definite trends towards years where sales are lumped toward the front end or sales that are lumped toward the back end. I would say to Dan's point, I think -- we think, because of just the kind of the psychology of most plan sponsors given the strong market in 2013, we will see growth in sales at 2014, it's more likely to come in the back half of the year.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just following on. And I think, Larry, in your opening remarks, you talked about the objective of having a better balance across all plan sizes in the U.S. and you talked about in the context of margins and sales. And I guess, sitting where we're sitting, like what should we expect to see as you somewhat remix that business? I assume in the kind of small and medium, but what should we actually see?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Actually, I'll go ahead and let Dan. I'll just say that, again, we think about this again with sort of there's a kind of a small, medium, large component. Small is what we call emerging, now the medium is what we call dynamic, the large is what we call institutional. So there's different ways to look at it. You can look at it by revenue, you can look at it by AUM, so -- but I'll let Dan give you sort of what we would like to have for the breakdowns.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. So clearly, if we can put 1/3 at each bucket, small, medium and large, we'd be satisfied with that result. But not all plans are created equal, so on those very large plans, again, it depends upon what the employers support is and what they're looking for from Principal. And I'll give you an example. Larry cited better plan design. Well, we use Retire Secure as a way to engage that plan sponsor and plan participant to improve the outcomes of the plan. We have seen some withdrawals this year from plan sponsors that flat out wouldn't support a better plan design. And if we have to adjust the pricing, there might -- they may very well leave Principal. So again, maintaining pricing discipline, encouraging the use of Retire Secure, better plan designs, and then I would tell you again, our strong investment platform allows us to garner a larger percentage of the Principal brand funds on those platforms, and that's what's going to lead to profitable growth. We gave you a -- on the guidance call, that 27% to 29% returns, and I wouldn't alter that at this point in time. We still feel good about that as being our long-term objective.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. One of the really positive points, Mark, about the performance of our block is that we continue to have about 2/3 of the assets and about 2/3 of deposits going into what we would call proprietary options. So that's a very, very high number, higher than, I think, needless to say, any competitor. And that's really a key to driving the kind of revenue growth and profitability that we need out of that business.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. One very quick final question. You talked about the voluntary opportunity in Chile. And I'm just curious, do you have the permissions and have you started marketing that to the Cuprum customers at this point? Or are we still trying to get that all...
Larry D. Zimpleman: I'll let Luis comment on that. Luis?
Luis E. Valds: The answer is certainly, yes. We can market voluntary probably to our Cuprum customers. You see right now the voluntary price which is being manufactured by Cuprum. What we are looking for right now is being able to offer and to extend that offering, offering part of our products which are being manufactured by our mutual fund platform in Chile and adding some life insurance policies as well. So the answer is, yes, that we're willing to see and we're working in order to see how we can extend and expand that offering.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, this is Larry. I'll make just a closing comment. Thanks to everybody for joining us on the call today. We're very, very pleased with our fourth quarter results as well as our full year 2013 results. And we think that our strategy is clearly working. I would just note, while 2014 has started off with some renewed volatility, I would remind you that we start 2014 with an asset base that's 20% above where it was 1 year ago. And we believe that our higher asset base is going to continue to drive increased revenue and operating earnings for the company during 2014. So with that, thanks, everybody for joining us. I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the coming months. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry D. Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Luis E. Valds - Chief Executive Officer of Principal International and President of Principal International Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services James P. McCaughan - Chief Executive Officer of Principal Global Investors and President of Principal Global Investors
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. I'd like to point out that we made several enhancements to our financial supplement this quarter to better reflect the drivers of our earnings and to add clarity in comparing quarterly results. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are: Dan Houston, Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we begin, I'd like to announce that our 2014 outlook call will be on December 9. We'll provide additional details as we get closer to the date. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss third quarter and year-to-date results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, slides related to today's call are on our website. Slide 4 outlines the themes for the quarter. The total company operating earnings for the quarter were $269 million, a 22% increase over an adjusted third quarter 2012. As a reminder, third quarter 2012 was negatively impacted by $79 million due to an actuarial assumption review. The strong results this quarter, combined with the first half of the year, resulted in total company year-to-date operating earnings of $774 million, a 19% increase over the adjusted 2012 year-to-date results. Return on equity, at 12%, is up from the year-ago quarter, as well as sequentially. As we said on our Investor Day last month, this is an important metric, and we continue to believe that we'll achieve an annual increase of 50 to 80 basis points, resulting in a 15% return on equity within the next few years. These remarkable results demonstrate the benefit of our diversified and durable business model. Though macroeconomic challenges remain, such as continued low interest rates, the strengthening U.S. dollar and uncertainty in emerging markets, our unique business mix allows us to achieve consistent performance and a balance of profitability and growth. In addition, results this quarter reflect strong underlying fundamentals as momentum continues across our businesses. Total company net cash flows of $4.2 billion helped drive assets under management to a record $466 billion at quarter end. As I have said many times, assets under management is the best single indicator of future revenue and operating earnings. Business level growth metrics include: solid net cash flows of $1.2 billion in Full Service Accumulation, reflecting double-digit growth in both recurring and transferred deposits. While assets sales were flat compared to the year-ago quarter, margins in this business continue to improve as we focus on a better balance across plan sizes. Principal Funds' account value increased 25% to a record $61 billion, reflecting continued demand for our outcome-oriented products and solid investment performance. Sales of $4.7 billion contributed to net cash flows of $550 million. Record unaffiliated assets under management of $106 billion for Principal Global Investors, up 8% from the year-ago quarter. Net cash flows were $1.5 billion for the quarter. Assets under management of $103 billion in Principal International, with positive net cash flows of $1.1 billion despite a quarter in which the macroeconomic conditions in emerging markets were as difficult as they've been in years. Those conditions have improved in October. U.S. Insurance Solutions year-to-date sales up 11% over the prior year period, with nearly $100 million of sales in the current quarter as we continue to balance growth and profitability. Our business model is extremely well-suited for the world's aging challenges and emerging market middle-class growth. In this era of personal responsibility, we have the right solutions to meet the financial needs of our customers around the world, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow our businesses at above-market rates. Next, I'll comment on our success in further implementing our strategy in the third quarter. At our recent Investor Day, we had the opportunity to present an update on our Investment Management Plus strategy. It's a strategy we've had in place for more than a decade, and has created a unique business model with diverse revenue sources, yet with a highly integrated set of businesses. This approach sets us apart for a couple of reasons. First, as I mentioned earlier, our diversified set of businesses allows us to weather challenging economic environments, as we demonstrated during the financial crisis. Our durable model enabled us to emerge from the recent crisis in a position of strength, allowing us to complete 7 strategic acquisitions since 2010. Additionally, what makes our business model really powerful is the synergy and collaboration between the businesses, which results in a valuation that's greater than the sum of the parts. This leads to higher margins, continued long-term growth opportunities and a higher return on equity over time. In Principal International, the on-boarding of Cuprum is complete. We are now focused on maximizing the value of this acquisition by creating the only fully integrated platform in Chile. The acquisition made us the #2 retirement provider in Latin America, and created a retirement franchise to meet the savings and investing needs of people in the 3 key countries of Brazil, Chile and Mexico, that will be difficult for competitors to replicate. The need for long-term savings by individuals in emerging markets continues to grow, and Principal is capitalizing on these opportunities. In Full Service Accumulation, we will continue to focus our resources on advisors, plan sponsors and plan participants to deliver work site solutions with strong investment capabilities and performance. The fundamentals of this business remains strong. Recurring deposits were $3.7 billion for the quarter, a 13% increase over the prior year quarter. This was driven by an 8% increase in both the number of people making a deferral and the number of people receiving a match. We'll see additional upside to recurring deposits as the job market recovers, and as our greater focus on engaging plan participants to save at appropriate levels begins to gather momentum. At our recent Investor Day, we focused on the growth and success of Principal Funds which, along with Principal Global Investors and Principal International, was an aspirational business when we became a public company in 2001. At the end of the third quarter, total Principal Funds complex account value was $103 billion. This is remarkable growth, and reflects our ability to offer outcome-oriented products focused on meeting the long-term needs of investors. Turning now to Principal Global Investors. We continue to benefit from our well diversified multi-boutique strategy. Our strategy is distinctive because the successful boutiques that we've built and acquired are able to remain focused yet nimble to meet changing client demands, while having access to shared resources, such as a world-class distribution and operational platform. This allows our investment teams to focus on what they do best while realizing the benefits of scale in areas like distribution, technology and compliance. As shown on Slide 5, investment performance remains competitive. Solid investment performance is a good leading indicator of future sales and net cash flows. The pipeline in Principal Global Investors remains strong, and as investor appetite swings to equities and alternative investments, we remain in an excellent position to retain and attract clients because of our investment expertise across multiple boutiques. Next, a quick update on Principal Bank. As of September 30, we've liquidated or transferred all required noncustodial deposits, including those that were part of our strategic agreement with Bank of the Internet. We have retained all individual retirement account deposit products which complement our U.S. Retirement and asset accumulation businesses and help us retain assets from job changers and retirees. As part of the deregistration process, Principal Bank also sold its $390 million of commercial mortgage loans, predominantly to Principal Life Insurance Company. These actions had minimal financial impact to the company and further our process to deregister as a savings and loan holding company. We still expect to complete the process by year end. I'll close with some comments on capital management. As announced last night, we'll pay a $0.26 per share common stock dividend in the fourth quarter, bringing our 2013 total to a record $0.98 per share. This reinforces our commitment to return capital to shareholders by increasing the dividend payout ratio over time. So far, in 2013, we've allocated more than $480 million of capital for common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We continue to look for the best and most accretive ways to deploy capital and increase long-term value for shareholders. We'll provide more detail on our 2014 capital management plans at our outlook call in December. In closing, we're pleased with our team's ability to grow our businesses while maintaining expense discipline, which resulted in another strong quarter. Despite volatility that will likely continue, I'm confident that our business model and proven ability to execute will continue our momentum into next year and beyond. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. Third quarter was another strong quarter on top of an already strong first half of 2013, as our businesses continued to grow. This morning, I'll focus my comments on 3 items: operating earnings for the quarter; net income, including performance in the investment portfolio; and the strength of the capital position and the balance sheet. Total company operating earnings of $269 million were up 89% over a reported third quarter 2012, but up 22% after adjusting for last year's actuarial assumption review. Excluding Cuprum, third quarter 2013 earnings were up 15% over the adjusted prior year quarter. Earnings from our fee-based businesses remained in the 60% to 65% range of the total operating earnings, excluding the Corporate segment. The composition of our earnings continues to shift away from products that put pressure on our balance sheet. Our current business profile is more aligned with asset managers, and should warrant a higher-than-historical multiple over time. Third quarter 2013 earnings per share were $0.90, a 22% increase compared to the adjusted year-ago quarter. This reflects strong organic growth, the addition of Cuprum, favorable equity markets and disciplined expense management. Our annual actuarial assumption review in third quarter 2013 had an immaterial impact on total company operating earnings. Looking at Slide 6, you'll see that third quarter 2013 earnings were impacted by one normalizing item. As we introduced last quarter, Principal International earnings are impacted by returns on the encaje investment in Chile and Mexico. Adjusted results this quarter were negatively impacted by $10 million due to lower-than-expected returns in Chile. Results will vary quarter-to-quarter. In fact, the encaje returns in Chile is positively impacting the fourth quarter results at this point. There's more background information on the encaje investment on Slide 7, along with publicly available information on how to track the encaje performance throughout the quarter. Now I'll discuss business unit results. Starting with the Accumulation businesses within the Retirement and Investor Services. Operating earnings were $151 million, an increase of 15% over the adjusted third quarter 2012. As shown on Slide 8, net revenue was up 13% over the year-ago quarter. Trailing 12-month, pretax return on net revenue improved to 31%. Quarterly operating earnings for Full Service Accumulation at $91 million were up 21% over the adjusted year-ago quarter. This reflects a 15% increase in net revenue due to strong growth in the business and positive equity market performance. Operating expenses have grown slower than net revenue, resulting in improved margins. The pretax return on net revenue for the quarter was 32%. Sales, at $2.7 billion for the quarter, were in line with the year-ago quarter. Net cash flow for Full Service Accumulation were $1.2 billion for the quarter. We will continue to be disciplined in attracting and retaining clients that value our comprehensive products and services as we strike the appropriate balance of growth and profitability. Principal Funds' operating earnings were $22 million for the quarter, a very strong 66% increase from the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue was up 24% and operating margins continue to improve due to the scale-based nature of the business. For the quarter, sales were $4.7 billion, leading to $550 million of net cash flow. While down sequentially, these results were solid relative to the industry. Sales continued to come in across multiple asset types as we focus on outcome-oriented products. The individual annuity operating earnings were $30 million, reflecting flat net revenues in the quarter and a continued expense management. This is a good result in this low interest rate environment. Our retirement income strategy continues to resonate in the marketplace, and we saw a nice momentum in payout annuity sales. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue improved to 44%, driven by strong growth in fee revenues. Slide 9 covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Third quarter operating earnings of $22 million were up 6% over the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue was 80%, at the upper end of our expected range. Investment-only earnings improved 24% from the prior year quarter to $15 million due to increasing spreads on a lower asset base. During the quarter, we sold a $350 million, 5-year medium-term note. We continue to approach this business opportunistically, and we'll write business when market conditions generate attractive returns. Full Service payout earnings of $8 million were negatively impacted by a mortality fluctuation of approximately $3 million, after tax. This was the first negative fluctuation we've seen in this business in more than 2 years. We believe that the rising interest rate environment will allow us to add small- to mid-sized pension closeout business at attractive returns. Slide 10 shows Principal Global Investors' operating earnings were $23 million, up 12% from the year-ago quarter. Third quarter revenues grew 12% over the prior year quarter, driven largely by higher average assets under management. Earnings were down on a sequential basis due to performance fees and front-end loaded real estate borrower fees. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax margin improved to 26% as Principal Global Investors continues to build scale. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at a record $106 billion. The unaffiliated net cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion. We have a robust pipeline which, when paired with strong investment performance, bodes well for future growth. Slide 11 shows third quarter 2013 operating earnings for Principal International of $51 million. Adjusting for the lower-than-expected return on the encaje, operating earnings were up 64% from the year-ago quarter. After adjusting for Cuprum and the foreign exchange headwinds, Principal International is up 2% over the year-ago quarter. As Larry mentioned, this was a challenging quarter for our Latin American operation. On a trailing 12-month basis, combined pretax return on net revenue for Principal International was 55%, slightly below our range reflecting the macroeconomic pressures. In light of these pressures, we're pleased with the results of our Principal International businesses in the quarter and continue to invest for growth. Quarterly net cash flows for the segment were $1.1 billion. Principal International ended the quarter with $103 billion of assets under management despite the strengthening U.S. dollar and volatility, particularly in Brazil. As a sign of our leading position in Brazil, BrazilPrev was the only meaningful provider with positive net cash flows in the quarter. U.S. Insurance Solutions' earnings were $54 million for the quarter, an increase of 25% from the adjusted year-ago quarter. And as shown on Slide 12, Individual Life operating earnings were $22 million. This was a decrease of $3 million from an adjusted year-ago quarter, driven by adverse mortality due to a higher severity in the quarter, as well as the low interest rate environment. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax operating margin was 13%, below the range of 15% to 17% communicated for 2013. Higher-than-expected mortality, thus far this year negatively impacted our results. We continue to believe this is normal quarterly volatility. As shown on Slide 13, Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $32 million, were up 74% from the adjusted year-ago quarter. The current period loss ratio of 65% compared favorably to the 72% result in the year-ago quarter, and was a large contributor to the earnings gain. We continue to expect our quarterly loss ratios to be in that 65% to 71% range. Trailing 12-month pretax operating margins of 11% is slightly above our expectations due to the favorable claims experienced this year. Specialty Benefits premium and fees grew 3% over a year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, premium and fees were up 4%, relative to our 6% to 8% target, reflecting our focus on profitable growth. The Corporate segment reported an operating loss for the quarter of $32 million, better than our forecasted range of $35 million to $40 million operating losses. This is primarily due to favorable debt-related expenses in 2013. For the quarter, total company net income was $246 million. Realized capital losses for the quarter were $23 million, with improving credit-related losses making up $16 million of the total, which were at the lowest point since before the financial crisis. Looking now at capital adequacy. We estimate our third quarter risk-based capital ratio to be in the 400% to 405% range. We expect to end the year in the 415% to 425% range, relative to a 350% RBC ratio at the Life company, and including cash at the holding company, we have approximately $800 million of excess capital. Book value per share, excluding AOCI at $29.79, increased 5% over the prior year quarter. Our return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11.9%, a strong improvement even taking into account rolling off the prior year quarter. Trailing 12 months earnings grew 20% over an adjusted prior year, while the average equity, excluding AOCI, only increased 3%. And as I mentioned at Investor Day, growing earnings 10% to 12%, while managing the equity growth to a lower rate, will deliver a 50- to 80-basis-point annual increase in return on equity. Regarding capital management, in the quarter, we repurchased $62 million of company stock. We still have $55 million remaining from the $150 million previously announced share repurchase program. As outlined on Slide 14, we allocated more than $480 million of our expected $400 million to $600 million of capital to be deployed for the year. Last night, we announced our fourth quarter 2013 common stock dividend of $0.26, bringing our full-year dividend to a record $0.98. We continue to focus on increasing our dividend payout ratio on a growing net income base. We're extremely pleased with the continued momentum of our businesses and feel that we are well positioned for future growth. Before we close, I want to take a moment to recognize our CEO, Larry Zimpleman, on recently receiving a prestigious industry Award. Larry was named the winner of the 2013 Lillywhite Award. The Employee Benefit Research Institute sponsors the award, which recognizes outstanding lifetime contributions to Americans' economic security. Congratulations to Larry for this recognition of his contributions to the financial services industry. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just wanted to start on International on the earnings. Even after kind of adding back to the callout for the encaje business in Chile, it seems like we were a little bit light there. And I guess, I'd ask kind of a 2-part question. One, was it light relative to initial expectations from your perspective it would be in the Cuprum business? And two, could you just elaborate a little bit on kind of the comments about kind of FX environment being challenging? Obviously, that's currency, but just wondering if there's interest rates and other pieces of those comments that might have affected International earnings this quarter.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Okay. This is Larry, Randy. I appreciate the question. I'll start, and I'm sure, Terry and Luis might want to add. First of all, as I said in my earlier comments, the conditions in emerging markets started to deteriorate in June, and I would say that deterioration sort of continued through most of the third quarter. But as I also noted in my comments, the situation has begun to reverse a little bit in October. So it feels -- in general, it feels like the macroeconomic environment is settling down a little bit. In your question about were PI earnings light, I would say, it was actually a very good quarter for PI from a local market perspective. So what you saw in the local markets was positive flows, generally good performance, but when you translate those back to the U.S., we took a hit on that because of currency. So the $51 million, in my view, represents sort of almost like a worst-case scenario which, from my perspective, really, if that represents the worst-case scenario, I can live with that all day long. So I think the normalized number for that segment is probably more in that $63 million to $65 million a quarter range, with $51 million kind of representing this worst-case scenario this quarter. So Luis, anything you like to add to that?
Luis E. Valds: Yes. I mean, and again, the $51 million for this quarter, we consider that as a good number for PI, considering the macroeconomic conditions and certainly, normalized by our encaje, $10 million -- that's $61 million for the quarter. And concerning the headwinds, FX and market behavior and total AUMs -- and concerning even our total margin, it's a good number, it's a good number. We consider that as a good number.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Does that help, Randy?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes, it's perfect. I mean, I'm trying to get to your run rate and I just want to amplify one thing. It sounds like -- if I'm just thinking about my P&L here, it sounds like most of it's FX and not necessarily kind of interest rates or other growth issues in those markets. It's mostly just the FX impact that's kind of clearly laid out and something we can track in the market.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, that's right, Randy. The final comment I would make is I think inflation was a little bit lower in Latin America in the quarter, which has also got a very modest effect. But you've got the main factors with what you've mentioned there a minute ago.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then, finally, I mean -- and this is something we talked about at the Investor Day, but there's no -- given the diversity of your, kind of, your business base and variety of countries and your continued growth plans there. I mean, you're going to continue to kind of let this FX come through unhedged just because it will be too expensive and kind of complicated to hedge it. There should be kind of natural offsets in it going forward. Is that right? We accept this FX risk in these earnings?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, that's exactly right. And again, we've looked at this any number of times. Even if we were to try to do some economic hedge, Randy, it wouldn't necessarily work for accounting purposes. But we believe that the best thing is just to let the natural diversification of the businesses carry us quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the level of activity in the 401(k) market in the U.S. in terms of both RFPs for existing cases, as well as new case formation? And is health care reform still a distraction or are you seeing the disruption from that starting to ease?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, again, I'll take -- make a few high-level comments on that Erik, and have Dan comment. I would describe the 401(k) environment as sort of "steady she goes," I would say, not a lot of change going on either positively or negatively. I think that the competitive pressures, which have always been a factor in this market, continue to be there. There may be slightly less competitive factors, say, than right after the financial crisis when, I think, a lot of retirement providers, a lot of 401(k) providers were all sort scrambling around, trying to find ways to at least continue -- if not absorb too much of a hit, at least try to continue the revenue in the AUM number. So those things seem like they've settled down. And our pipeline, it's pretty consistent with what it's been the last several quarters. So I'll let Dan make comments on that in health care.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that's right, Larry. Just a couple more comments. Within the last couple of weeks, I was down with some of our very largest clients. We have a client council. So that's 15 clients around a room with management discussing some of the issues relative to challenges they're facing within their benefits package. And as you might expect, health care reform compliance is top of mind for them. But I'd say, the shift in the conversation quickly goes to the issue of retirement readiness and income solutions. There's less emphasis around plan expenses, more time and attention now being focused on what can we do to better prepare our future retirees for retirement. So I would say, our product package with TRS and our product packaging around Retire Secure supports that in the marketplace today. And we're winning a lot of business because of that.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, if I could just ask one on Specialty Benefits, where your results have been -- it's a very strong year-to-date with favorable claims experience. You've also seen some modest sales growth. Just could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the group market in terms of both claims trends, as well as the competitive environment?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry, Erik. I mean I think you actually summarized it pretty well. I would just want to -- before I ask Dan to comment, I would just -- want to give our team that manages that business a lot of credit. For many companies, the story, historically, around this kind of business has been cycles of sort of boom and bust. And I think that when you look at our performance in this area of the business, I think our performance is really superior and far more consistent, kind of, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year than many of our competitors. So I think we have a very experienced team with a strong track record, and I'm very proud of the trends they have going.
Daniel J. Houston: A lot of discipline on the part of the team to achieve nice growth and, at the same time, be profitable. Remember that our average size plan for Specialty Benefits is approximately 40 employees. It's diversified by industry and, frankly, by geography. And we have -- we've done a good job kind of balancing growth and profitability. In terms of health care reform and how it might impact Specialty Benefits, there's a pediatric benefit that comes out of the dental component that has to be included in health care reform on the medical plans. So Principal continues to monitor that. In most states, what most carriers are doing is, even though they have the pediatric benefit within the health insurance program, they're still purchasing dental insurance. It is a comprehensive solution. It's a best practice on the part of the advisor. So we don't see health care reform derailing our model of distribution today for Specialty Benefits. Having said that, we'll continue to evaluate the -- both the public and the private platforms for our products being on those products -- on those platforms.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And any comments on just the pricing environment? Or it seems to have been -- you've had a tailwind in the past couple of years as most people in the market have been raising prices. Are you still seeing that? Are you seeing any signs of increased competition?
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. It's a competitive marketplace, and our rates tend to always be -- we're top 5 provider in Specialty Benefits. And so there are new entrants from time to time that can be disruptive to the industry, but I would say that it's no more or any less competitive than it's been in the last few years. So it's game as usual, I suspect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with Dowling & Partners.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: I had a question about your legal entity structure. Principal Global Investors is owned by Principal Life Insurance Company. I was wondering if you've ever considered moving PGI out from under the insurance subs. I'm not sure if that would be a positive, negative or neutral event for your capital structure or if it would maybe have any impact on the way rating agencies evaluate your access to subsidiary dividends. So was just interested in your perspective on that.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, Ryan. That's a very interesting and sort of timely question. I think I'll make a couple of high-level comments, and Terry is going to want to add a little more specificity to it. But very high-level, if you go back a little bit in history, even back before we became a public company, it's true that when some of the legal structures were set up, of course, you have a holding company, but then you had the life company. And at that point in our strategy implementation, sort of in our history, the life company was kind of the center of the business units. I mean, that was just kind of the way it was done because the life insurance was the legacy business going back 134 years. And so as we began to develop these other businesses, including Principal Global Investors, many of them just sort of naturally ended up under that life company. As we've evolved and as we become a more multifaceted and global organization, your question is really spot-on because I think we continue to evaluate both for capital efficiency, tax efficiency, et cetera, whether that sort of structure makes sense. And we are beginning to evolve that structure. We talked about that, I think, at different investor days as we are a more global company and we need to move capital around to various companies around the globe. As we have expanded into other areas like International and mutual funds, we put those companies outside the life company and the legacy, really, is PGI is still under the life company. So that's a real set-up for Terry to sort of take it from there. But that's kind of the background and the history of it.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Ryan, this is Terry. The strategic focus of our execution on our strategy is really evolving towards more of that Investment Management Plus-type company. And part of that is the breakdown of those businesses, as Larry said, between the life insurance companies and those legacy businesses there, as well as the sister companies, the mutual fund, as well as Principal International. And it makes sense as we grow the business from PGI being the aspirational business to a very meaningful part of our organization, there is a limitation as to the size of any nonlife subsidiaries within the life company. So because of that, there was eventually going to be a need to move that out. So we are exploring that at this point in time. We're looking to move the earnings of Principal Global Investors outside of the life company as part of our long-term strategy. And as Larry mentioned, we've looked at more of a global holding company structure, whereas, we can move a capital efficiently and effectively around the globe. So yes, that is one of our near-term views as well.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Does that help, Ryan?
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Yes, very helpful. I just have a follow-up. Do you think that if you do move PGI out from under the insurance subs, that it would have any -- would it have any impact on your RBC ratio, either positive or negative?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, I guess, what I would say to that, Ryan, is that we would manage that and do that in a way that will not have a substantial impact to the RBC ratios of the life company.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just -- actually, one more follow-up on the same thing. I think from a rating agency standpoint, could doing -- could making this change -- do you think that would positively impact their view of access to capital and, perhaps, help your ratings?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. I'm not sure I got all that question, but I think, essentially, you were asking about how the rating agencies would view that. And I guess, again, my general comment there would be that, of course, the rating agencies don't all have a unified or single view around these types of things. So we've begun that discussion with the rating agencies. I think, so far, I would certainly describe all of our conversations as very constructive. And we don't -- again, we don't see significant hurdles that we have to overcome, but we want to continue to work very proactively with them as we do it, and we want to take account of whatever concerns they have. But I don't think it will be an impediment at the end of the day. We'll just have to have those individual discussions to get their point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Overall, I thought the results were pretty strong, but the one that's sort of negative was that your flows in many of the businesses were weak. And you mentioned the environment in Latin America being challenging, but even PGI and mutual funds loans seemed a little weak. So maybe, if you could address that? And then, one for Luis on -- there's been a lot of talk about pension reform in Chile with the upcoming election. And just wondering what you see or is there anything that might seem like a threat to the Cuprum business, given the proposals that the various candidates have made?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Jimmy, this is Larry. Thanks for the questions. I would frankly take a little bit of exception to the comment on flows. I think that sometimes, your toughest competitor is yourself, and that's kind of a nice problem to have. And I think that your comment or your observation is really in relationship to Principal's flows. But I think the better measuring stick is, really, to sort of look at our flows as compared to competitors'. And I'm highly confident that if you look at -- within any of those businesses, particularly, the mutual fund business and the institutional business, you would find that our flows are really as strong as anyone's. So for example, yesterday, T. Rowe, Franklin, Janus and Federated reported, and they all reported pretty significant negative flows. This morning or last night, Legg Mason reported. They reported significant negative flows. That's as compared to $1.5 billion positive flows for PGI. So ours is a very strong story, and I would encourage you to look at kind of the industry flows and not necessarily make the comparison singularly or directly against what we might have done in the prior quarter. Because, once again, we would have been among the leading performers in those prior quarters. So with that, let me ask Jim to comment on institutional. And I'll have Luis comment on International.
James P. McCaughan: Yes, Jimmy. Thanks for the question. I think to comment on institutional -- and this actually has some impact on mutual funds and Full Service as well. I would point out that we at Principal have a product platform that is extremely strong relative to where client demand is going. If you want to understand the negative flows from competitors that Larry has described, you just need to look at the diminishing appetite that investors have for active core strategies. And that's something we do, but more importantly for us, there is increasing demand for specialty strategies, highly focused, high added value. So if you take the institutional flows during the quarter, $1.5 billion net inflow, that included losing a single account of more than $1.5 billion, which was in active core global equities. So in other words, the $1.5 billion plus making up for those losses of core mandates were in specialty strategies, which includes real estate, includes high-yield of various sorts, particularly, limited duration high yield, includes specialty equity strategies, including yield biased and regional strategies. So we are strong in those areas where client demand is moving, and that more than makes up for the losses we have in active core strategies. And that general theme -- I illustrated it with reference to Principal Global Investors, but that is one of the explanations as to why the Principal Financial Group platform is seeing pretty strong positive flows compared with our investment management competitors.
Luis E. Valds: Jimmy, this is Luis. Let me comment briefly before going to -- into the pension reforms in Chile. About our net customer cash flows in PI, certainly, we reported $1.1 billion. Our normal run rate was about $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion per quarter. If you look at your supplement in the Page 31, 32, you're going to realize 2 things. First, we didn't have any country with negative net customer cash flows. All our countries are showing positive net customer cash flows. And then we have India, which is even. But the most important thing here is to realize that the country where we had serious problems was in Brazil. Brazil was showing $400 million in net customer cash flows, positive. And our normal run rate in Brazil was about $2 billion per quarter. So that is where we have the main shortfall, it's in one country, which is Brazil. The second quarter, particularly, the second quarter -- I'm talking about the market in Brazil, was very challenging in Brazil. Almost, we had that stock market down 20%. Almost, we had bad FX rate down to 20%, so that market was, in USD, almost 40% down at some given moment. So we had a very difficult entry into the third quarter. If you're looking those number, you will figure that the main part of that shortfall is coming because we have low deposit but we didn't have a very important amount of withdrawals. So we circled the wagons around our customers and our assets, and we were able to retain all those assets. And you could see that we didn't have any important fluctuation about our withdrawals. It's very important fluctuations about new deposit. This situation is changing during the third quarter. The third quarter has been much more, much better than the second quarter, so we think that the moods in Brazil are much better and moods around emerging markets are much better starting in the third quarter. So we think that we have had a much better entry in the fourth quarter of 2013. Going into the pension reforms in Chile. It's almost a fact, Jimmy, that Mrs. Michelle Bachelet is going to be the next president in Chile. And we were able to review when she released her program, and the only thing that has been said in her program -- and this was kind of -- we were talking about the -- about the AFPs and the pension reform. It's about the creation of a state-owned AFP in Chile in order to address 2 things: first, to extend the coverage under the low-income segment; and second, to extend and have a much more extended geographical reach, in particular, in some places that you don't have enough market or enough size in order to really cover those particular places in Chile. So it's pretty much more in the same way that we anticipated in the last earnings call, which is a kind of state-owned. If that AFP is going to exist as a state-owned AFP, that is going to go after the low -- going after the low-income segment and in those places that you don't have a very meaningful presence of other private AFPs. In particular, in Cuprum, we continue saying that Cuprum is not going to be affected because Cuprum is the premier pension provider pretty much more focused on the middle- and high-income segment in Chile. That is very well-attended, and we don't see any particular reason in order to make any meaningful change, rather than to continue increasing the incentives in order to add more long-term savings into our AFP and pension system in Chile.
Larry D. Zimpleman: This is Larry, Jimmy. I just want to make just 2 quick points. One is that the discussion in Chile is more around how to get the replacement ratios up. And so the discussion is more on how to generate additional contributions. So I actually think this discussion around pension reform in Chile is going to be a positive, not a negative. So that would be Point 1. Point 2 is just to make -- just to illustrate, I would say, the influence that we have -- "we" is a collective we. So for example, if you look at the independent chair of Cuprum's board, he happens to have been the Minister of Economy when Michelle Bachelet was the President previously. So that shows, I think, the sort of influence that we will have if and when any of these proposals get to a legislative state. You can bet that we'll be providing our views and commenting on the strengths of the AFP system over the 30-year period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: I have a question about the FSA pipeline. Last quarter, I think it was said that things were looking better over the second half of the year. Now I'm sure this is tied to the margins that you're targeting, but should we assume that FSA sales will be down full year 2013 over 2012?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, I'll let Dan handle that. But Sean, thanks.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. Yes, Sean, this is Dan. I think that's right. I mean, I would fully anticipate, at this point in time, we could see our sales, as measured by assets under management, down by, say, 10%. And I'd say, at the same time, that our new case revenues will stay about flat with last year. So again, nicer revenue on roughly 10% fewer asset sales. We are getting good sales, though, across all the segments: small, medium and large. And I would just call your attention to the fact that we've got 2,200 new plans this year that we didn't have 12 months ago. And then if I were to look closely at the thousand plus life market, we've increased that by roughly 10%. The difference is, those aren't jumbo cases, they're smaller cases. So that pipeline that we historically talk about has all those large jumbo cases in there as well. So I think we have a higher quality pipeline today and we've maintained roughly the same sorts of close ratios, albeit on a smaller overall assets under management, but stronger revenue. So we feel very good about the mix of business going into 2014.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Sean, this is Larry, I just want to add one quick point. Having been around this business for a very, very long time, I certainly have to make the observation that from 2011 to 2012, we grew the sales by 1/3. So we went from roughly $8.4 billion to $11.2 billion. So when we say that we don't know whether 2013 sales are going to hit the level of 2012, we really need to sort of remember that we had a 30% increase the prior year. And so the notion that you're going to have a 30% increase and then, put another increase on top of that, becomes a little bit challenging. So this is the normal pattern that you sort of see in this business, is you'll see jumps along the way, and then you'll see it sort of plateau off and then -- for a year or so, then you'll see it jump again. And that's been the trend, really, over the longer term.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Great. And it seems that part of the -- or a big part of the margin expansion story in your accumulation businesses has been expense reduction. When I look at over the last few years, the fourth quarter tends to have elevated comp expenses. I mean, should we expect the fourth quarter to continue the trend that we've seen in the second and third quarters?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. I think the story is really around expense control, not necessarily expense reductions because, in fact, we think it's really important to invest in the businesses. And we've made that comment many, many different times. Dan was just commenting earlier in response to a question. Employers today expect us to be very visible and active with our participants, and that's what our Retire Secure and Worksite platform is. So we've actually been investing in the business but we've been doing it wisely and in relationship to revenue growth. So that's really the strategy that we'll continue to pursue. And I don't know, Dan, any comments on Q4?
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. It's just -- to kind of boil it down into 3 buckets for Q4. The first is, we're going to continue to be disciplined about operational costs and holding those tight as we possibly can. The second bucket is around investing in the business, so that's expanding on TRS and the TPA business and also deploying some investment resources out into the marketplace. And then the third one is just a reminder that when we look at commissions and we look at asset management fees, those do stay current. They on the same pace as account value growth. And so some of the fourth quarter compensation increases are because of bonuses towards the end of the year. So hopefully, that helps explain the answer, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Just one more. Typically, PGI benefits in the fourth quarter from performance fees. How are they tracking year-to-date?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Jim, go ahead. Yes.
James P. McCaughan: Yes. Thanks, Sean. It's dangerous to say how they're tracking because things can change in the last 2 months of the year. We know the market can move and we know our relative performance can move. But if we were to draw the line right now, we're looking at a slightly better yield than last year. The 2 key boutiques in this and -- or 2 that have substantial hedge funds, and that includes Columbus Circle. It's maybe not surprising that they're having a good year because of the opportunities in the equity market, particularly, tech and health care, which are 2 of their specialties. So they're having a good year, better than last year. The one that's maybe more counterintuitive is Finisterre, with substantial hedge funds. They're in emerging debt, which as in another context, we described that as macroeconomic headwinds. However, Finisterre, being long/short in emerging debt, have been very thoughtful and very adroit at managing it and are seeing some good returns, actually better than last year. So I don't want to talk it up too much, but maybe if their line was drawn at the moment, we might be $1 million or $2 million better than last year. But it's all still there to play for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Question on FSA, and maybe this is a question for Dan. If I look at the AUM per plan, it's up about 13% year-over-year, which makes sense, given kind of how equity markets have performed, offset by some debt. And then, if I look at fees to AUM, it's actually held very steady over the trailing several quarters, which is obviously a good thing. And I guess what I'm curious about is, as AUM has gone up with markets higher, how do we think about the reaction of the plan sponsor in that scenario? I mean, are they going to let you kind of keep those increased revenue dollars? Do you put them back into service? Will they want to negotiate down? How do we see this playing out?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, that's a very good question and I will have Dan provide some detail. But to your point -- and again, I think our team has done a really nice job on this in -- generally speaking, it was a little bit more difficult post the financial crisis. And as I said earlier, things are settling down a little bit. So if you look at FSA, trailing 12 months, account value is up 17%, revenue is up 15%, expense is up 10%, and that's why you grow pretax earnings. So that 2% differential, I would tell you, might be a little narrower than what we can sustain over the long term because, to your point, plan sponsors -- and I would say also advisors, because that's an important constituent in this whole equation, typically, you are resetting expenses every year on these plans. And so as AUM grows, there is some ability to lower the per AUM fee and frankly, plan sponsors and advisors expect you to do that. So we've talked about the differential between account value and revenue growth that's in that sort of 2% to 4% range. But that's broad and general, and I'll have Dan give you a little color on the current environment.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that's right. And to answer your question, it's true on all of those cases. We'll have to take a portion, invest in the business. On any plan of over $5 million, there is a detailed discussion that's occurring each year on the value of that piece of business. And we know what our margins are on that piece of business, and if there's room, then, we'll work with the client on that. Sometimes, clients want additional services, which can be reflected in the pricing. But for the most part, like Larry said, this is an annual review. A lot of these are 3-year guarantees, and so our relationship managers and service reps are doing a very nice job, striking the right balance on the service that we're going to deliver and at what price those are going to be. Hopefully, that helps.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, maybe just one last question, going back to international a little bit. Maybe going back to a prior question but specific to Brazil. If you look at currency-adjusted earnings in Brazil over the last 4 quarters, they haven't really moved that much, up a tad bit. AUM, on a currency-adjusted basis, obviously, is up a lot. And I'm just curious, why aren't you seeing a little bit stronger earnings? Has there been any structural changes in terms of how you collect fees, what is the impact of the volatility and how does that emanate in earnings?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry. I'll have Luis comment. It is, for the most part, it is. As Luis mentioned earlier, it is the FX impact. So again, you are typically seeing, at the local market level -- at the local market level, Mark, your are typically seeing growth in that -- for Brazil. You're seeing growth in that sort of 20% to 25% annual range, and it just so happens that FX -- over the 12-month period, FX evaporates much of that away. But the long trend on a local market, local currency basis would show you that BrazilPrev has again been among the leaders in terms of growth, both AUM and earnings and profitability. There's been no real structural change in that market relative to fees being collected in a different way or different sorts of investment options being offered or things like that. It's really been the impact of the macroeconomic conditions. So Luis, your comment?
Luis E. Valds: Yes. In light of Larry's comments, we -- at some given point, we had the real kind of 20% down during this year. Right now it's between 8% to 9% down, so it's coming back. And it's running about -- BRL 2.18. And putting this in perspective, nothing is being changed. We have had this kind of a headwind in Brazil, which is a little softer right now. But putting this in perspective, the current spot grade that we have today is exactly the same spot grade that we had in Brazil in 2006. So flying around BRL 2.2, BRL 2 per dollar is pretty much more above the average for the last 15 years for Brazil. So we have had, in the last year, kind of a strong headwind. But again, around BRL 2 per $1 is -- BRL 2.2 per dollar should be the average for the last 10 years for that particular market.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. I was kind of adjusting for the foreign exchange impact and what we see -- so I was just trying to normalize for that, but I can follow up, if that's better.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, that's fine. Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, thanks to everybody for joining us for our call today. Despite the macroeconomic challenges, as I said earlier, we're pleased with the momentum of our businesses, and our 2013 results. As John mentioned in the opening commentary, our 2014 outlook call will be on December 9. At Investor Day in September, we noted that we expect 2014 revenue growth rates and pretax returns to be similar to the 2013 outlook, but we will start from a much higher asset base as a result of our strong results this year. So while we do expect the global macroeconomic picture to remain challenging, we think our unique business mix and our very experienced management team will allow us to achieve an ongoing balance of profitability and growth. So thanks, again. I look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. And I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, November 1, 2013. 69950446 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406. Once again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc.  Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services James Patrick McCaughan - President of Global Asset Management
Analysts: Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdes, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before I turn the call over to Larry, I'd like to remind you that our 2013 Investor Day will be on September 13 at the New York Stock Exchange, where we will discuss our investment management strategy and provide an update on our businesses. We'll provide more details in the coming weeks. Larry?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss second quarter results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, including the onboarding of Cuprum; and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, we've again provided slides for today's call. Slide 4 outlines the themes for the quarter. Second quarter results were strong, especially given the macroeconomic volatility in the quarter, giving us a great first half of 2013. Total company operating earnings for the second quarter were $271 million, a 29% increase over second quarter 2012. This reflects growth in our business, improved U.S. equity markets and continued expense discipline. Net income in the second quarter increased 33% compared to the year-ago quarter, reflecting improvement in our investment portfolio. Our results again demonstrate that our globally diversified business model is working, and that we continue to execute effectively regardless of macroeconomic conditions in any one country or region. We have now successfully rebuilt operating earnings and net income close to pre-crisis levels and have replaced a significant portion of spread and risk-based earnings with fee-based earnings, giving us more capital flexibility. Total company assets under management, at $451 billion, remained relatively unchanged from first quarter 2013, reflecting the strengthening U.S. dollar and a rise in interest rates. Some of the growth metrics for the quarter include double-digit growth compared to the year-ago quarter in Full Service Accumulation new sales revenue on $1.8 billion in sales. This reflects our focus on having better sales balance across small, medium and larger plans, which gives us greater ability to grow net revenues. Record sales of $5.8 billion in Principal Funds, an increase of 73% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting success across multiple products and distribution channels. These sales contributed to quarterly net cash flows of $2.3 billion, which outpaced the industry. Principal Funds' total assets under management hit $100 billion in the quarter as well. Second quarter Full Service payout sales increased 37% over the year-ago quarter to $115 million. We'll continue to be opportunistic with this business. Unaffiliated assets under management of $101 billion for Principal Global Investors, up 10% from the year-ago quarter. Solid inflows of $6.6 billion for the quarter were offset by outflows due in part to a couple of large clients repositioning their portfolios. Net cash flows of $2.2 billion in Principal International led to reported assets under management of $103 billion despite the strengthening in the U.S. dollar. $49 million in Individual Life sales in the quarter, an increase of 12% over second quarter 2012, driven by continued success in the business market. And Specialty Benefits sales of $58 million, up 11% over second quarter 2012 as a result of strong growth in the pipeline. We continue to provide products and service solutions that are in demand in this era of personal responsibility and benefit from our diverse distribution platform. Next, I'll comment on our success in further implementing our strategy in the second quarter. We've been successfully expanding our fee-based businesses and global investment management footprint for more than a decade. Because of the financial crisis, we've had the opportunity to accelerate that transition. Since 2010, we've successfully completed 7 strategic acquisitions, adding fee-based businesses and expanding our global footprint. We continue to believe this will create long-term value for shareholders. Despite recent volatility in certain emerging markets, the need for retirement and long-term savings in these markets continues to grow rapidly due to the exceptional growth in the middle and upper middle income segments. Having been in these markets longer than many of our competitors, we've established The Principal as a global retirement expert and are well positioned for continued success with a good brand and strong local distribution. We know there will be ebbs and flows in any market, but our broad global footprint allows us to weather cycles of volatility in the U.S. and abroad. Moving now to an update on Cuprum, the pension company we recently acquired in Chile. The onboarding continues to go extremely well. In fact, during this onboarding process, the pension regulator in Chile once again gave Cuprum the best customer service rating among the 6 AFP providers. Cuprum has now received this distinction a remarkable 18 out of the last 22 quarters. Net cash flows and operating earnings from Cuprum continue to exceed our acquisition plan. In addition, when Standard & Poor's recently affirmed our ratings and changed the outlook to stable from negative, they referenced our success in building out our operations in fast-growing international retirement markets. Achieving financial security in retirement is a campaign talking point for candidates in the upcoming Chilean elections. We see the discussion of possible changes to the Chilean retirement system as a positive to our businesses there as the goal is to further increase retirement savings for all income segments. In Full Service Accumulation, all of the fundamental elements remain strong, and along with solid equity market returns, contributed to revenue growth in the quarter. Second quarter 2013 recurring deposits were up 17% over the year-ago quarter and were essentially flat with first quarter 2013, which is typically the largest quarter for recurring deposits. Additionally, the number of participants making a deferral and the number of participants receiving an employer match were both up 8% over the prior year quarter. While down from record levels in 2012, retention rates remain strong across the segments in the first half of 2013. Our focus on growing sales in the small to medium-sized market to create more balance across plan sizes, along with equity market growth and our continued expense management, contributed to an increase in Full Service Accumulation margins in the second quarter. Principal Funds continued its string of successful quarters. Record quarter end account values as a result of positive net cash flows for 14 consecutive quarters and higher equity markets helped drive a 40% increase in operating earnings over the prior year quarter. Principal Funds continues to provide outcome-based products across asset classes that retail customers seek. As shown on Slide 5, investment performance remains competitive and is a positive leading indicator of future net cash flows for the organization. We continue to benefit from our well diversified, multi-boutique strategy in Principal Global Investors. On May 1, we closed on our acquisition of Liongate, a London-based investment boutique that specializes in global alternative investments and managing portfolios of hedge funds, adding to our multi-asset class capabilities. We believe these multi-asset class solutions will remain popular, as institutional and retail investors move to outcome-based products. As investor appetite swings to equities and alternative investments, we remain in excellent position to retain and attract clients to our broad investment options and expertise across multiple platforms. Despite negative net cash flows in the quarter for Principal Global Investors, overall revenues increased 9% on a sequential basis, and pretax margins increased to 29%, reflecting performance fees and continuing to gain scale. Next, a quick update on Principal Bank. As we announced in June, we signed a strategic agreement with Bank of the Internet Federal Bank to transfer substantially all of Principal Bank's individual checking and non-IRA accounts while retaining the products that complement our U.S. retirement and asset accumulation businesses. This action will have minimal financial impact to the company and furthers our progress to deregister as a savings and loan holding company. We still expect to complete the process by year end. I'll close with some comments on capital management. As announced last night, we will pay a $0.26 per share common stock dividend in the third quarter, which is a 13% increase over the previous dividend. This reinforces our commitment to return capital to shareholders by increasing the dividend payout ratio over time. It also demonstrates confidence in our ability to deliver future earnings growth. So far, we've allocated $405 million of the $400 million to $600 million of capital we targeted for the full year. Looking to the second half of 2013, we'll continue to look at combination of common stock dividends and opportunistic acquisitions and share repurchases. As always, we continue to look for the best and most accretive ways to deploy capital and increase long-term value for shareholders. Before I turn it over to Terry, I want to mention that IDG's Computerworld recently named The Principal Financial Group as one of the 2013 Best Places to Work in IT, our 12th consecutive year on the list. Our ability to attract and retain world-class IT talent is critical to our success, so we take great pride in being consistently recognized for providing a great environment for IT professionals. In closing, we're pleased with our team's ability to grow our businesses above industry growth rates while maintaining expense discipline, resulting in a very strong first half of 2013. Despite volatility that will likely continue in the second half, I'm confident that our business model and proven ability to execute will continue our momentum through the remainder of the year. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. The second quarter was a continuation of the strong start to the year. Our fundamentals remained strong and margins have improved. This morning I'll focus my comments on 3 items: operating earnings for the quarter; net income, including performance in the investment portfolio; and the strength of our capital position and balance sheet. Total company operating earnings of $271 million were up 29% over second quarter 2012. This reflects a full quarter of Cuprum. Even without Cuprum, earnings were up 16% over the prior year quarter. On a reported basis, second quarter 2013 earnings per share were $0.91, up 30% over the year ago quarter. This reflects organic growth from our domestic business, strong results from Cuprum, favorable equity markets, expense discipline and a lower share count. Looking at Slide 6, you'll see that second quarter 2013 earnings were impacted by 2 items. First, Principal Global Investors' quarterly earnings benefited by $4 million from a performance fee that typically occurs on a 3-year cycle. Although performance fees are a positive impact, infrequent fees, such as this one, do impact comparability between quarters. Second, Principal International earnings were negatively impacted this quarter by $7 million due to lower-than-expected returns on a mandatory investment known as encaje. Local regulations in Chile and Mexico require that mandatory pension operations hold a small investment in the underlying funds offered to customers. We report the change in value of the encaje investment through net investment income. This could create some volatility on a quarterly basis. The volatility this quarter was due to a spike of 150 basis points in interest rates in Mexico. There's more background information on the encaje investment on Slide 7 and on our website, along with publicly available information on how to track the encaje performance throughout the quarter. A normalized result for the second quarter is $0.92 earnings per share. This normalized earnings per share should not be considered a run rate on which to base future quarters. Seasonality of earnings, investments in our businesses and macroeconomic factors particularly in Latin America, should be considered. We continue to stay focused on what we can control, executing on our strategy. Now I'll discuss the business unit results, starting with the accumulation lines of businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Reported operating earnings increased 22% to $144 million. As shown on Slide 8, net revenue was up 17% over second quarter 2012. Growth in the underlying businesses, driven by more than $30 billion of sales over the past 12 months, equity market performance and improved spread, were the main catalysts for the increase. Trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue stabilized at 30% for the sixth straight quarter. Assuming an equity market total return of 2% per quarter for the second half of the year, we anticipate 2013 full year net revenue growth to exceed our long-term range. We also expect pretax return on net revenue to be above the 27% to 29% range communicated for Retirement and Investor Services accumulation for the year. Quarterly operating earnings for Full Service Accumulation, at $90 million, were up 25% from the year ago quarter. This reflects a 16% increase in net revenue due to strong growth in businesses and equity market performance. Account value growth due to market performance is more beneficial in the short term than growth from net cash flows as there is no cost associated with acquiring the revenue. The net cash flow over the trailing 12 months of $4.1 billion also has more positive impact in recent years as we shift to a more balanced mix of business. The revenue growth, coupled with expense discipline, resulted in a pretax return on net revenue of 34% for the quarter. While fee pressure continues to exist in the marketplace, we're working closely with advisors and plan sponsors to adjust our service model to align with our clients' needs. Net cash flows for Full Service Accumulation were approximately $300 million for the quarter. And as communicated last quarter, we expect full year 2013 net cash flow for Full Service Accumulation to be 1% to 3% of the beginning of the year account value. This metric has dampened in time periods with large equity market returns. That's because sales and recurring deposits do not directly correlate with the market in a similar fashion as withdrawals. Full Service Accumulation sales, at $1.8 billion for the quarter, were down $500 million from the year ago quarter. However, due to our sales focus in the smaller end of the market, new sales generated a higher amount of annualized net revenue on a lower account value base. As expected and mentioned last quarter, Full Service Accumulation withdrawal rates are returning to more normal levels, with the dollar amount of the withdrawals increasing due to growth in assets under management. However, we are replacing some lapses with higher revenue business as we focus on profitable growth. Principal Funds operating earnings were $17 million for the quarter, a 40% increase from the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue was up 22% and operating margins continued to improve due to the scale-based nature of the business. Although the sales costs are expensed in the quarter in which they occur, strong fundamentals over the last several quarters should continue to drive increased bottom line earnings. For the quarter, sales were a record $5.8 billion, driving $2.3 billion of net cash flow. Individual Annuities operating earnings were $29 million for the quarter. This is an increase of 17% from the year ago quarter due to improving equity markets and more favorable expense experience in the current quarter. Slide 9 covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Second quarter operating earnings of $28 million were up 18% over the year ago quarter. On a trailing 12 month basis, pretax return on net revenue improved to 80% due to improved spreads. We continue to approach this business opportunistically, and we'll issue investment-only and full service payout business when market conditions generate attractive returns. Principal Global Investors operating earnings were $29 million, up 59% from the year ago quarter. Earnings benefited by $4 million from a once-in-3-year performance fees on one of our real estate funds. Slide 10 shows second quarter revenues grew 19% over the prior year quarter, driven largely by higher average assets under management. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax margin improved over 500 basis points from the same period a year ago to 25%, an exceptional result as Principal Global Investors continues to build scale. Regarding Principal Global Investors' portfolio, even though approximately 1/2 of the overall assets under management are categorized as fixed income, 2 factors helped minimize our exposure to interest rate movement. First, 1/3 of the fixed income portfolio is in the general account, where fees are billed on a book value basis. Second, a sizable portion of the remainder is invested in high-yield, stable value and liability matched strategies, which do not directly correlate to the change in treasury yields. Unaffiliated assets under management ended the quarter at $101 billion. The unaffiliated net cash flow for the quarter was a negative $1.8 billion. Lapses this quarter were primarily due to a couple of large mandates that transitioned out of our stable value and currency investment options. These assets had lower revenue and margins, so the impact on earnings from these lapses was minimal. Slide 11 shows Principal International operating earnings of $58 million for the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, quarterly earnings were negatively impacted by $7 million due to the lower-than-expected return on the encaje investment as a result of local interest rate spikes. Most of the loss this quarter was due to the encaje in our Mexican AFORE business, as Cuprum's results are reported on a 1-month lag. The encaje return will cause some quarterly noise, but should benefit earnings over the long run. Quarterly net cash flows for this segment were $2.2 billion. Principal International ended the quarter with $103 billion of assets under management, despite the strengthening U.S. dollar. On an adjusted trailing 12-month basis, combined pretax return on net revenue was 56%, in line with expectations even with macroeconomic pressures. As shown on Slide 12, Individual Life operating earnings were $22 million for the quarter, a decrease of $6 million from the prior year quarter, primarily due to the continued low interest rate environment. We continue to expect a quarterly earnings run rate for this business of $25 million to $27 million with volatility from quarter-to-quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted pretax operating margin was 14%, just below the range of 15% to 17% communicated for 2013. Although claims improved in the second quarter, higher claims for the first half of the year could put us slightly below the range for the full year. Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $26 million were up 14% over the same quarter a year ago, reflecting improved claims experience and growth in the business. The loss ratio continues to perform well at 67% for the quarter. Slide 13 highlights Specialty Benefits premium and fee growth of 3% over the year ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, premium and fee growth was 4% relative to our 6% to 8% target, reflecting our focus on profitable growth. Trailing 12-month pretax operating margin of 10% was in line with our expectations. The Corporate segment reported an operating loss for the quarter of $35 million, within our expected range of $35 million to $40 million of operating losses. For the quarter, total company net income was up 33% to $222 million. Realized capital losses for the quarter were $48 million and credit-related losses remained in line with expectations, down 11% from the year ago quarter. Our unrealized gains at the end of the quarter were $1.8 billion, down from $3.1 billion at the end of the first quarter, predominantly due to the rising interest rate environment. As a reminder, because of our strong asset and liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement do not result in an economic impact and in periods of stress do not force us to sell assets. Additionally as I mentioned in the past, our fee-based business model limits our exposure to the interest rate environment. However, our diversified business model provides some benefit over time from an improving rate environment. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimate our second quarter risk-based capital ratio to be 417%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $920 million of excess capital. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, at $29.81 increased 7% over the prior year quarter. Our reported return on equity was 10.4%, a 70-basis-point increase from a year ago. This result was negatively impacted by approximately 90 basis points due to the third quarter 2012 actuarial assumption review. We expect ROE at the end of the year to grow 50 to 80 basis points from the normalized year end 2012 result. Regarding capital management, as outlined on Slide 14, we've allocated $405 million of our expected $400 million to $600 million of capital to be deployed for the year. Last night, we announced our third quarter 2013 common stock dividend of $0.26, a 13% increase from the second quarter. We continue to focus on increasing our dividend payout ratio on a growing net income base. In the second half of the year, we will continue to evaluate all of our opportunities to deploy capital and will manage capital in the best interest of our shareholders. In closing, we're extremely pleased with the continued momentum of our businesses and feel that our business model is well positioned for future growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You mentioned that you think the political pressure out of Chile or the political reforms out of Chile will be beneficial for the pension system. The Chilean public pension providers have declined in market cap since those reports came out last month. Maybe you could just help us think about the pressure on fees versus what you see as an expanding pie of pension assets.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. This is Larry, Seth. I'll comment, and I know Luis will want to add some comments as well. Let me just make a few comments. Luis and I spent considerable time down there about a month ago and had an opportunity to meet with many of the regulators, in particular, who have been very involved in this. First, I'd say a few things. First of all, the AFP system is very, very well accepted as an important element of the Chilean economy. It's been around over 30 years, and I've not seen any indication, there's any intent in any way, to sort of unwind the AFP system. Now the problems that they're trying to solve, I would say are twofold. One is that the contribution rate that is currently being made into the AFPs is too low. If you look at the replacement ratio that's produced by those contributions, it's about half of what it needs to be in order to provide a full replacement of preretirement income. The second problem they have is a problem that exists all over the world, which is trying to get the lower middle income and those who have a more in-and-out employment record into the system, so that they're going to end up with some amount of retirement savings. So the discussion -- the reason I say all that, Seth, is because the discussion is really about improving the system, whether it's higher contribution rates or other ways to get the lower income in. It's not about in any way, shape, or form sort of rewinding the system. Last thing I'll say before asking Luis to comment is, I think as it relates to many of the other AFPs, part of the reason that you're maybe seeing some decline there is because at the end of the day, I think if you're going to be a leader in this Chilean retirement system, not just the AFP, but also the voluntary system, you've got to have a very sort of coordinated and integrated platform that you can use, not only for the AFP side, the mandatory side, but a mutual fund platform and other products that you can capitalize on for the voluntary side. And as you know, Cuprum, as well as Principal prior to the acquisition have been the leaders in the voluntary portion. And that's where you're going to see most of the growth in the Chilean contributions going forward. The growth -- there's going to be some growth in the AFP, but most of it's going to come in the voluntary. And given our leadership position there, I think we're going to be in the strongest position to benefit as these changes may take place. But Luis, additional comments?
Luis Valdez: Yes. The main issue here is that actually, the system and its replacement ratio is going kind of well below expectations. But mainly about what Larry said, did you -- a 10% contribution rate, which is kind of low and insufficient in order to get this kind of 75%, 85% replacement ratio. So that 10% contribution rate is coming from 1982 when the system was designed. And since then, what the Chileans have seen is a dramatic improvement in their longevity and also a very important drop in their interest rates. So that is essentially 2 factors that are driving this kind of low replacement ratios right now. And we think that there's a great opportunity in order to really, really improve the system going forward. The pressure on fees is not exactly the point here because it's a little bit confusing for the Chilean system. Fees are being charged on flows, not over AUMs. And if everyone is making a kind of very simple math in order to calculate how much you're charging over AUMs, the Chilean system is a very efficient one and has a very, very, very, I would say, very appropriate changes on -- over AUMs for the entire system.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Does that help, Seth?
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: As I look at the encaje slide that you provided, I was just wondering if you could tell us about the composition of the assets in Mexico and Chile, I guess the relative proportion of fixed income versus equity in there?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, that's -- this is Larry. Sean, that's a very good question and perhaps something that as we go forward, we can provide you a little bit more insight on in general. In general, what I would say is that the Mexican encaje is predominantly a fixed income investment. So sort of think 80%, 85%, 90% fixed income. So that's why you saw the negative impact as interest rates in Mexico rose about 150 basis points, pretty much right at the end of the quarter. Again, that's a positive in the long term, but it's a negative in the very, very short term, which is why you see that adjustment. The Chilean encaje is a broader basket. It's a broader basket of fixed income and equity. And even within the equity component, it has some element of, if you will, non-Chilean or more global equities as well as Chilean equities. So think more balanced fund when it comes to the Chilean encaje. But we'll try to perhaps get you more information as to what that makeup is, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. And just one additional question. As we think of how we're modeling margins going forward, was there any change in transfer pricing between FSA and PGI?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: The answer is no.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Crdit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question, Larry, I just want to make sure I understood your comment correctly on the onboarding of Cuprum. I think you mentioned net cash flows exceeded estimates. Just looking at the disclosure that you guys had, it looked like $200 million of net flows compared to $40 billion of AUM. That would be an annualized growth rate of around 2%. Is that exceeding expectations? And is that kind of a normalized level that we should expect?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, Tom. It's, again, a good question. I would say when we talked about exceeding our plan, what we're talking about there, of course, is exceeding our acquisition plan. So one of the big unknowns, and again you can well understand this, one of the big unknowns anytime you make an acquisition is what's going to happen with some of the existing contributors, in this case, of Cuprum. And while we think and believe that the Principal acquisition of Cuprum really now supports Cuprum with a strong global player, we recognize that in the local market, in the local market, you're going to have other AFPs all taking their shot at you during this kind of transition period. So from an acquisition plan perspective, you always want to be a little bit conservative in modeling those flows. What I would say is, I think we've essentially, through the good work of the local team there, we've essentially blunted all of that. So we essentially have not seen any of that potential for outflow that may come just from the sheer announcement of the acquisition. So the kind of 2% that you referenced of net cash flow is probably in the reasonable range for Cuprum on the AFP side. Again, the real opportunity here in the long term is going to be building that more integrated platform between Cuprum and Principal. And the growth, the larger net cash flow is going to come on the voluntary side as compared to the AFP side. Luis, anything you want to comment?
Luis Valdez: Yes. As probably is also is interesting to comment that Cuprum, in particular, is a pretty mature company. So part of our inflows and outflows are very much more determined because we have, every single month, we have customers that are getting their retirement income products. So Cuprum also pays a lot of benefits. Close to 30,000 clients are receiving their monthly income from Cuprum. So that is part of our natural kind of outflows. Also, other clients are choosing other kind of retirement income products like annuities. And we have an annuity company there. So it isn't in their normal process and pace. I should say that $200 million that we already have.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up on the U.S. Full Service 401(k) business. The margins were quite good this quarter. And I know that you guys have talked about the mix shift should be helpful. And that looks like it's coming through. Any -- I guess my question is, should we assume that this higher level is sustainable? Or do you think we'll get some slippage? And then just a specific question, the -- shall I presume the fact that sales and transfer deposits were lower this quarter, had a positive impact on the margin? Is there any way to quantify that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay. There's a quite a lot packed in there so -- and I know Dan will want to comment. I would say on the question about the sustainability of the margins, Tom, I think that really, really, really comes down to what any persons or analysts or investors view is of the future kind of economic conditions. I mean, if we continue to see the strong fundamentals that we saw in second quarter, and by strong fundamentals I mean we saw compensation increases -- we, although modest. We saw payroll -- I mean, we saw growth in employment, albeit modest. And we saw a very positive equity market return. So the upshot of that is that the incremental account value coming through is some of the more profitable account value. And I think Terry commented on that during his comments. If you think that's going to continue, if you think that represents the economy that we're going to have in the United States going forward over the next few quarters, then I think you would tend to believe that those margins are more sustainable. If, however, you believe that we may see payroll growth rollover, we may see comp growth rollover, we may see equity markets rollover, then I think you would tend to want to model something where there would be -- you'd see those margins kind of decline. So it's really going to vary based on I think your outlook for the economy in the markets going forward. And I'll let Dan comment and then also handle your second one on sales.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Tom. Just a couple quick comments relative to the growth and some of this was covered in the script. We just can't forget about the fact that the first quarter of '13 enjoyed a 10% rise in the S&P 500, 2.9% for the second quarter of '13. But as you know, we get compensated on the average daily balance, which was up 6%. So we really had some really nice tailwinds relative to revenues for the first -- for the second quarter. We have really good expense management throughout the quarter, very deliberate. And then something that we haven't had a chance to talk about a lot is these reoccurring deposits. As mentioned in the script, it was up 17%. These are strengthening the matching contributions, the profit-sharing contributions. There's increased salary deferrals and increased participation. During this period of time, we just kind of looked at the last trailing 12 months. Net new contracts, they're up 7% or 2,200 contracts. And we've added 215,000 participants during the last 12 months. So you're seeing the inertia of that in-force block business starting to add a lot to our success. You mentioned in your second question around sales and what the positioning is there. We, frankly, have oriented the sales force to more focus on new sales revenue. It was up more than double digit. Again, as opposed to assets, at the same time, our alliance sales continue to be about 61% of our sales. TRS is 45%. And our TPA business that we've talked about on this call for years now is up over 68%. And again, that's a very efficient way for us to administer these programs. The shortfall in sales isn't small to mid. It's on the large side compared this quarter versus the year-ago quarter. We're down about $831 billion in terms of sales. And that speaks in large part to the shortfall. So we like the mix. We like the current fundamentals of the business and feel good about working towards, and continue to maintain those 5-year benchmarks that we had set out relative to margins in net revenue growth. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Just as a follow-up to Tom's question on the FSA business and the strong recurring deposits that Dan mentioned. When we look at the second quarter recurring deposits, how much of that can we look at as being sustainable, recognizing obviously the first quarter is the strongest period for recurring deposits? And then the second quarter, I would expect, would be more on a normalized basis for the remainder of the year?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, go ahead.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Joanne, I think you got that dialed in exactly right. I think that's the kind of the expectation that we would have. There's always that benefit after the 1st of the year where you see people do financial planning. And they make their initiation to participate in a plan or increase their deferral or even possibly change their investment mix. But I would anticipate the balance, latter half of the year looks more like the second quarter.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this Larry. I just want to jump in with one more general comment, if you'd allow me. And then I think you have another question. But the 401(k) system has taken a lot of criticism over the last few years by some people who I think would have different ideas about how he would construct a healthy retirement system in this country. But I find it very interesting, and as part of this question on recurring deposits, I think we've seen increases in the average deferral rate now. So the deferral rate is the amount the employee is contributing out of their own payroll. And we've seen that average deferral rate increase for something like 8 to 10 to 12 quarters since the financial crisis. So I think there's a strong indication that employees get it relative to the fact that they need to get their deferral rates up to a much higher level. So today, you're talking about an average deferral rate that's kind of in that low 8% range, the 8.2%. And that's up very significantly from what it was, say, before the financial crisis. So I want to get a plug-in here for the fact that I think both employers and plan providers like Principal are doing a much better job of getting people to save up near the levels that they're going to need to be if they're going to have adequate retirement income. And so that's part of what you're seeing in this growth in recurring deposit.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: I would also expect, Larry, that it would be a function of people feeling a little bit better about their own financial position given the fact that we've had relatively low economic growth, but at least it's stable. Would you agree with that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. I would agree with that. I would agree with that. And I think the residential mortgage piece, Joanne, I think also plays in that because that's kind of that wealth effect. I think when people feel like the value in their home is at least stable and now is starting to increase, I think again they're more willing to kind of dig in their pocket a little bit deeper for a little increase in that deferral. And the final thing would be we've been using this kind of step-up concept for several years now. And so we're now getting to a point where those step-up contributions, the increase is now coming through because we're 2 and 3 years down the road. So again, what we find is once people commit to the higher level, they commit in advance, they don't go back on that. They actually follow through. And that's another reason you're seeing these deferral rates increase.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a question for Jim on PGI. Are there any other mandates that could be at risk at this point in time or you think you're pretty much through that?
James Patrick McCaughan: I think the way to really think about this, Joanne, is that there are always in the institutional market going to be mandates flowing in and out. Some of this is a function of changing allocations by institutions. And what you've seen is an allocation away from active core mandates and towards, in our case, active specialties. That means that we're not necessarily going to be seeing positive cash flows every quarter, as the last quarter described. But we are going to be seeing consistent growth of the revenues because those active specialties are on significantly higher fees. So the answer is there could be. And those will tend to be the kind of active core mandates even where performance is good, that institutions are turning away from. But in our case, we believe that the revenue will continue to grow because we are very strong in areas like high-yield, emerging market, debt and equity, real estate, including something that's very active at the moment, which is origination of commercial mortgages. So all of those areas, we think, will lead to a better revenue picture than necessarily you see from the asset flows.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: My questions actually follow directly from Joanne's. Jim, if AUM cannot be expected to grow consistently, what would you consider to be a reasonable level over an extended period of annual revenue growth from your business? And the second question is perhaps more important than the first. Why are we seeing now such a large increase in the profit margins in your business? And where can those margins head?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes. Thanks, Eric. I think the long-term trend in AUM and revenues will obviously depend somewhat on the market change. And that has been a tailwind certainly for the last 6 months. But it doesn't solely depend on that because flows and the change of mix will continue to help us. Just to illustrate that, the quarter we're currently reporting on saw a 14% increase in average AUM across PGI. The revenue is up 19%. I think that's the kind of trend that feels right for the long term. Now obviously, if you didn't see the strength in the equity market, the numbers might've been both down by 3%, 4%, 5%. But remember, we are not so dependent on the equity market given that we have significant alternatives, including real estate, a lot of different fixed-income options, many of which are not really linked into purely the treasury market. So I think that trend is really a decent indicator of the long-term trend. And it's very much in line with what we said last year to our Investor Day in terms of our 5-year expectations. In terms of the margins, sure, the 29% pretax margin in the second quarter is a bit above long-term trend simply because it included $4 million arising from a performance fee. But in all other respect, I think it basically is in line with long-term trend. And what we said last year at Investor Day was we were on a 5-year view as we gain scale and we grow into the expenses we've made, we've got a significant all-expensed investment in growth in Principal Global Investors. As we grow into that and as our new offices and new capabilities generate assets, we will be able to increase profitability towards, we believe, that 30% pretax margin. The fact we almost got there in this quarter is incidental and not sustainable. But on a 3-year view, I do believe that, that 30% will prove to be sustainable as we develop our scale and our higher added value products. Hope that helps, Eric.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Eric, this is Larry. I just want to make one comment on this kind of in defense and support of Jim and PGI. I think when you do compare PGI against margins from other asset managers, you do need to take account of the fact that today, about 60% of PGI's assets are basically transfer-priced to other businesses of the Principal. So whereas when you look at other asset managers, my guess is probably 80% to 100% of their assets are unaffiliated clients. So when you think about the fact that we're sort of working towards 50% unaffiliated, 50% affiliated, and we're still pushing sort of leading-edge margins in PGI, I think they're doing a really nice job of managing expenses along the way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger with Dowling & Partners.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: You mentioned that the $0.92 normalized result shouldn't necessarily be viewed as a base going forward given some potential timing of expenses. I was hoping you could give us some sense for what type and magnitude of additional expenses you may incur in the second half of this year?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, Ryan. And I'll have  I'll ask Terry to comment as well. I mean, again, I think whether you view $0.92, I mean this is what I was sort of commenting on earlier, I really think whether you view $0.92 as the jumping off point for Q3 or Q4 or whether you discount that to some degree for Q3 or Q4, again, I think really depends in large measure on your view of the economy and your view of the market. I mean, I think you could go in and sort of financially dissect this or that, and you could try to figure out, was DAC amortization this time a little higher or a little lower or whatever, whatever. And maybe that leads you to a conclusion. Although I think sometimes it's a bit of paralysis by analysis. I mean, my personal view is, again, as long as the economy continues to normalize and the markets continue to heal and interest rates don't necessarily spike up, but that they continue to increase as a result of economic growth, then I view the $0.92 as a kind of reasonable neighborhood from which we launch into third quarter and fourth quarter. But if on the other hand, you believe the market's overvalued, the economy is going to roll over, then I would be cautious about just forecasting $0.92 into the rest of the year. So Terry, you want to comment?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes. Ryan, this is Terry. It's a great question. And as you -- when we talk about the $0.92 in the current environment. And we think that that's a good, normalized number for this quarter. However, there are some things that are going to affect the future. We've had seasonality in all of our businesses. And that'll continue. Some of it will be somewhat favorable into the future. You talk about dental claims, for example. We've talked about the impact on security -- excuse me, the Specialty Benefits business. We also talk about the macroeconomic conditions in Latin America. Right now, the -- you're seeing some impact because of the 1-month lag on Cuprum's earnings. And what happened in Mexico could have an impact on us in the third quarter. That is yet to be played out. You also look at the exchange rate. The spot rate at the end of the quarter was lower than the impact or the average for the quarter. And so that could have some impact. And it will once again play out. Expenses could be larger in the second half of the year, and you'd expect that. Sales could be larger. We expect them to be larger in the second half of the year. And depending on the mix of that, we may have to expense all that cost in the current period and not have an opportunity to defer it. We also are going to continue to investing in our businesses. And so to some extent in the first half of the year, we may not have included as much of expenses as we have in the past. Once again, it's somewhat spotty. And then the other item, the last item that I'll comment on, is the effective tax rate. You do expect -- we do expect the tax rate to go up. We benefited in the first half of the year because of a true-up on the dividend received deduction. And so that held our effective tax rate down a little bit lower than what you normally would have expected. In the second half of the year, with the higher earnings and those having a smaller impact on it, you could see a higher effective tax rate as well. So all of those things need to be taken into consideration, modeled, looked at and analyzed. And that's why we don't say you just simply can go just jump off as this is the normalized run rate. I hope that helps.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Understood. And maybe just along the same lines, so the FSA margin was about 34% in the quarter. In the past, over a pretty long period of time, I think it's hovered closer to 30%. So I guess maybe I'm just trying to get a sense for, I think, Larry, you said that if we tend to continue in the same environment that we're in, you don't necessarily see any big changes. But at the same time, that margin's actually quite a bit above what you tended to do. So that was kind of my question in regards to the expenses, if maybe there was just some timing considerations for the quarter that wouldn't necessarily lead you to believe that, that 34% margin would be sustainable even in a good macro environment.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. I mean, we've commented many, many, many times that you always want to be careful about taking one quarter and prognosticating that for the future. So I think if you wanted to sort of look at a better estimate of what it might be, you always want to work with trailing 12-month periods rather than work with current quarter periods because there's just naturally going to be some ebb and flow. But I think even if you look at trailing 12 months, you're still getting a number that is in that 30%, 31% kind of range that really does represent best in class. I mean, the bottom line here that I would say, I think, investors and analysts should focus on relative to FSA is not the level of margin in any one place. I think the key message here, and what you should focus on, is the fact that this business model is not broken. This business model has faced a lot of headwinds in the period of time since the financial crisis. But a lot of reports have said, has something happened? Is the model broken? Can it get back to where it was in 2004, '05, '06? And I believe firmly the answer to that is when the economic conditions normalize, when the market conditions normalize, it absolutely can get back to that same sort of growth trend we saw back in those days. And this quarter happens to be a 3-month period where the economy and the markets performed more in line with what was happening in those periods. And you saw very nice returns and you saw very nice margins. And so, again, I would just comment that I think the key thing here is not the kind of current margin level and prognostication. The point is the model works. The growth in earnings is there when the macroeconomic and market conditions allow it to come through.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: After that public service announcement, Larry, I'm now going to completely ignore it and go back to the FSA margin. Is that okay?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: You bet.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Two questions, and I think one of Tom's myriad of questions wasn't answered. Did -- but Terry may have touched on it a little bit later, did the low sales or the low transfer deposits in the quarter benefit margin? Because there was a lack of expenses that maybe would not have been DAC-able under the new rules.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I think short answer would be yes. But in terms of quantification of that, Steven, it'd be awfully hard to do. I don't know, Dan, you want to comment?
Daniel J. Houston: No, you're right. It's -- obviously, if we had lower sales and the split of sales was roughly 50-50 between our group annuity contract and our 40 Act funds. And so if you just think about 40 Act funds as having to be 100% expensed, that's where you would see this expense that would've been deferred. So we reach our full year sales goal which we said was roughly flat with the year ago, about $11 billion. We would anticipate we'd have higher sales-related expenses in the second half of the year than we did in the first half.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, good. I'm glad I asked that. And then to look at these -- couple of more follow-ups. To look at the PGI outflow that Jim talked about from the 2 accounts, my understanding is that one of the accounts was Nationwide pulling funds from Morley, which was always going to happen anyway. Jim, do you happen to know that number?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes. It's approximately $1 billion. Whether it was always going to happen anyway or not, I wouldn't want to make a judgment on. But the account had performed pretty well, but they decided to take it back to one of their own teams. And that's always a hazard with sub-advisory mandates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one more on Chile. I think one of the other proposals with regards to the pension system there, I think the guy who's leading so far in the polls is a socialist. And he is also proposing that the government set up one of these AFOREs. Is that possible? Is that an issue? Would it really concern you if that did happen?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, we happen to have, Steven, the best Chilean political commentator with us today. And there actually have been some sort of late-breaking developments relative to candidates there in Chile. So maybe I'll just have Luis comment on it.
Luis Valdez: Okay. As Larry mentioned before, one of the main issues that we're facing and the Chilean system is facing there is the coverage in order to go deeper into the middle and low-income segment. And probably, and this is one particular idea, probably one way in order to try to better cover that particular segment, it could be the creation of kind of state-owned AFP or a pension company in order to try to go into that particular segment. But this is still a kind of idea. And the truth is the Chilean government, they have to really better figure out how they can build a much more stronger first pillar. And we don't know yet if within that kind of design and a state-owned AFP is going to be the right solution. But as those comments and the initiatives are going into that particular way to go and to try to tap that unattended market, which is particular is not our market. So we're right far away from that particular market. Cuprum is a premier provider, and is having on average, the highest average salary in the pension system in Chile. So we're kind of away from that problem. And even if that AFP is coming, we think that we're going to be pretty much more isolated from that particular effect.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, closing remarks, please?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everybody for joining us for our call today. We're really proud of our second quarter. And we continue to believe our transition to a global retirement and asset management leader with a well-diversified global footprint will produce a significant increase in shareholder value over time. As John commented, we're having our Investor Day in New York City on September 13 at the New York Stock Exchange. And we hope that many of you are going to be able to join us there. So thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern time until the end of the day, August 3, 2013. 97102721 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 international callers.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 17:30:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc. 
Analysts: Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always our earnings release, financial supplement, slides related to today's call and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Tim Dunbar, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before I turn the call over to Larry, I'd like to announce that our 2013 Investor Day will be on September 13 at the New York Stock Exchange, where we'll discuss progress on our long-term strategy and provide an update on our recent acquisitions. We'll provide more details as we get closer to the date. Now to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss first quarter results; second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy; and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, we provided slides related to today's call. Slide 4 outlines the themes for today's call. 2013 is off a very good start as we continue the positive momentum that we had throughout 2012. Reported total company operating earnings increased 8% over first quarter 2012, with quarterly earnings per share up 11% over the prior year quarter, reflecting strong execution by our teams. Despite continued macroeconomic pressures such as low interest rates, a slow job market recovery and depreciation of emerging market currencies, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Our Investment Management Plus strategy is more relevant than ever, as people realize the need to take more control of their financial security in this era of personal responsibility. Assets under management reached a record $456 billion at quarter end, helped by $7 billion of total company net cash flows and the addition of Cuprum. This strong growth continues the momentum from 2012, where we had $30 billion of total company net cash flows for the full year 2012. Assets under management are the best leading indicator of revenue and operating earnings over time. We continue to win and retain business because of our strong investment performance, our ability to provide outcome-oriented solutions, excellent customer service and the diversity and strength of our distribution partnerships. We achieved 2 significant milestones this quarter regarding assets under management. Both Principal International and unaffiliated assets under management in Principal Global Investors surpassed the $100 billion mark for the first time ever. Additionally, Principal Funds was just shy of the $100 billion of total assets under management at the end of the first quarter. This is truly remarkable, as all of these businesses were aspirational a little more than 10 years ago. Some of the growth metrics from the quarter include: Sales of $3 billion for Full Service Accumulation from a 49% increase in new sale plan count compared to first quarter 2012, boosted by a greater emphasis on the small- to medium-sized market; record sales of $5 billion in Principal Funds, an increase of 42% over the year ago quarter. This contributed to quarterly net cash flows of $2 billion, which are the second largest quarterly net cash flows on record and which continue to significantly outpace the industry. Principal Funds also had a 20% increase in the number of advisors selling new business compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting the competitiveness of this business and contributing to continued growth in market share; Unaffiliated net cash flows of $1.8 billion for Principal Global Investors, with success in fixed income, equity and real estate; Strong net cash flows of $2.5 billion in Principal International; $70 million in Individual Life sales in the quarter, an increase of 49% over first quarter 2012, reflecting strong sales in all segments and continued success in the business market; And Specialty Benefits sales of $99 million dollars, up 20% over first quarter 2012 as a result of strong growth in the pipeline. We remain confident about our competitive position and our ability to continue to grow our businesses into the future. Having just returned from sales conferences in the United States, Latin America and Asia, I can tell you firsthand, our sales teams are as motivated and confident as they've ever been about the competitiveness of our business. Next, I'll comment on our success in further implementing our strategy in the first quarter. Our acquisition of Cuprum, a leading pension provider in Chile, closed ahead of schedule on February 4, and despite a 1-month accounting lag, had a meaningful impact to our reported results. As we said when we announced this acquisition, Cuprum is widely acknowledged to be the premier company in the industry. This was reinforced when the pension regulator in Chile recently published investment performance and customer service ratings among the 6 AFPs in Chile. And Cuprum ranked at the top of both. This further validates the strategic decision, and along with our existing leadership status in Mexico and Brazil, positions us as a top pension provider in Latin America. We continue to look for strategic acquisitions that add to our investment management capabilities. In March, we announced our intent to acquire a majority stake in Liongate Capital Management, a global alternative investment boutique focused on managing portfolios of hedge funds. Liongate's client base includes many of the world's leading pension funds, insurance companies and sovereign wealth funds and is recognized for its dynamic approach to asset allocation. The transaction will strengthen Principal Global Investors' alternative investment capabilities, deepen our pool of investment talent and help extend our product offerings into customized multi-asset and hedge fund solutions. Additionally, we announced in April that Principal Global Investors has agreed to sell a minority stake in Post Advisory Group to Nippon Life Insurance Company. The strategic transaction will bring significant new distribution opportunities for Post. Japanese investors will now be positioned to take even greater advantage of Post's high-yield offerings through Nippon Life's extensive networks and relationships. Both of these transactions are scheduled to close in the second quarter and will continue to position the Principal as the leading global investment manager among both institutional and retail investors around the world. Turning now to Principal Funds, where, thanks to continued strong performance by Principal Global Investors, we once again had outstanding results in the first quarter. We were extremely pleased to win 4 Lipper Awards in March based on performance, including the top award for Best Mixed Class Large Fund. The funds in this category include: Principal Funds' target-date LifeTime Funds; target-risk portfolios; and our Principal Global Diversified Income Fund, all of which represent more than $30 billion of assets under management. In addition, Lipper recognized 3 individual funds for consistent long-term performance. Strong investment performance continues to be a differentiator for the Principal and is a leading indicator of strong net cash flows. As shown on Slide 5, and now referenced in our supplement on Page 1, 82% of our investment platform ranks in the top 2 Morningstar quartiles on a 1-year basis, 87% on a 3-year basis and 71% on a 5-year basis. As we go forward in 2013, we will see our 5-year percentile rankings improve, which will continue to position us well competitively. I'll comment quickly on Retirement and Investor Services. The Principal has been a retirement leader in the U.S. for decades and PLANSPONSOR magazine recently validated this leading position by naming us one of their top 20 retirement leaders. In particular, PLANSPONSOR highlighted our dedication to the small-plan market. Because of our strong investment performance and through our strategic alliance partnerships and strengthening of our third-party administrator channel, we're increasing Full Service Accumulation sales in the smaller end of the market. Overall, Defined Contribution plan count increased by almost 1,900 plans compared to first quarter 2012, reflecting the strength of our distribution channel and our ability to retain retirement clients. Strong retention also contributed to a 290,000 increase of eligible participants. Finally, a quick update on Principal Bank. Our decision to pursue deregistration as a savings and loan holding company continues as planned, and we still expect to complete the process before year end. Our Investment Management Plus strategy does 3 things. First, it enables us to offer a wide variety of products that help our customers build long-term savings, invest for growth and ensure and manage their lifetime incomes. Second, it helps us better manage our business by creating diversified streams of revenue and earnings that protect us, to a certain extent, from severe market adjustments. Third, because our products are primarily fee-based, it generates increasing amounts of deployable capital over time. While many of our competitors focus on either insurance or asset management in retirement, we believe our combined approach better positions us for long-term growth, while maintaining appropriate diversification. I'll close with some comments on capital management. In the first quarter, we paid a $0.23 dividend, which was a 10% increase over the dividend paid in fourth quarter 2012. Additionally, last night, we announced a $0.23 dividend payable in the second quarter. We will continue to focus on increasing our dividend payout ratio over time, demonstrating our confidence in earnings growth and stability. Also in the first quarter, the board authorized a $150 million share repurchase program. Part of that program was used to offset share dilution in the first quarter. We'll be opportunistic with the balance in the second half of the year. We have an active M&A pipeline and will consider all options to deploy capital as we continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders. In closing, we are optimistic that the ongoing momentum of our business will continue to drive higher revenue and earnings over time, and we're confident in the long-term strength of our strategy going forward. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As previously mentioned, the first quarter was a very good start to the year, with our growth metrics showing continued momentum. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income, including performance in the investment portfolio, and the strength of our capital position and balance sheet. First quarter total company operating earnings of $233 million were up 8% over first quarter 2012. We also ended the quarter with record assets under management of $456 billion, which includes $34 billion from our acquisition of Cuprum. On a reported basis, first quarter 2013 earnings per share were $0.79, up 11% over the year ago quarter. This reflects very strong results from our fee-based businesses, lower share count and increase in assets under management due to strong net cash flows and positive equity market performance in the quarter. This is a very good result despite continued macroeconomic pressures such as low interest rates, a strengthening U.S. dollar and inflation in Latin America. As part of our first quarter acquisition of Cuprum, we again reviewed, in conjunction with our external auditor, Ernst & Young, the accounting treatment for similar products in other foreign jurisdictions, including our Mexican AFORE business. Slide 6 shows this review resulted in a revision in the way we recognize earnings over time for the AFORE business, consistent with the technical accounting requirements for Cuprum. However, this does not impact the underlying economics of the business, nor the long-term growth rate for Principal International. On a go-forward basis, we expect the combined pretax return on net revenue for Principal International to be in the 55% to 60% range. We revised prior year AFORE results in our supplement for your convenience. Looking at Slide 7, you'll see the disclosed items that impacted first quarter 2013 operating earnings per share. First quarter 2013 was benefited by approximately $0.03 from a dividend accrual benefit in Full Service Accumulation and $0.01 from a legal settlement in Principal Funds. The quarter was negatively impacted by $0.02 due to high mortality claims in Individual Life, and $0.01 for taxes on repatriated earnings from Hong Kong in Principal International. Combined, these items slightly benefited first quarter 2013 operating earnings. Now I'll discuss business unit results. Starting with the accumulation lines of businesses within Retirement and Investor Services, reported operating earnings increased 18% to $142 million. As shown on Slide 8, after adjusting both quarters, operating earnings grew 7% in first quarter 2013 compared to the year ago quarter. Net revenue was up 13% over first quarter 2012. Positive net cash flows and the S&P daily average up 7% in the first quarter drove strong growth in account values, which contributed to revenue growth. Trailing 12-month pretax return on net revenue is stabilizing at 30% and is flat after adjusting for the third quarter 2012 actuarial assumption review. Based upon the equity market return to date and assuming 2% per quarter growth, we anticipate 2013 full year net revenue growth to be more in line with our 5-year range of 6% to 8%, and pretax return on net revenue to be at the top end of the 27% to 29% range communicated for Retirement and Investor Services accumulations for the year. First quarter operating earnings for Full Service Accumulation at $86 million were up 24% from the year ago quarter. This reflects 11% net revenue and pretax operating earnings growth and a stabilization in return on net revenue. After-tax reported earnings reflects an $8 million dividend accrual benefit. Net cash flow for Full Service Accumulation was $650 million for the quarter. The sales pipeline, fueled by strong alliance partnerships, continues to build. With the emphasis on small- to midsized retirement plans, and given strong investment performance, we expect to receive a larger portion of assets in our proprietary investment options, leading to increased revenues. Full Service Accumulation asset sales, at $2.9 billion for the quarter, were down 8% from the year ago quarter. However, due to the smaller average plan size, these sales generated very strong growth in annualized net revenue. We still expect full year 2013 asset sales to be in line with last year and annualized new business revenue to show double digit increase over 2012 levels. This is evidence of our focus on higher revenue business. First quarter 2013 recurring deposits increased 12% over first quarter 2012, reflecting growth in eligible participant count over the past 12 months. We experienced a couple of large account value withdrawals in the quarter, due to merger and acquisition activity in our client base and maintaining pricing discipline. We anticipate a return to more normal withdrawal levels this year, following record retention in 2012. Principal Funds operating earnings were $19 million for the quarter, a 62% increase from the year ago quarter. Normalizing for a $2.5 million legal settlement, earnings were up 41%, boosted by the market performance and strong net cash flows. On a trailing 12-month basis, net revenue was up 15% and pretax return on net revenue improved due to the scale-based nature of the business. For the quarter, sales and net cash flows were outstanding with a record $5.2 billion of deposits, driving $2.4 billion of net cash flow. In addition to the strength of our income-orientated funds, we're building traction with diversified real asset, which solves for inflation, and SAM, our target-risk portfolios. Individual Annuities operating earnings were $29 million for the quarter. This is a decrease of $4 million from the year ago quarter, a result of the continuing margin compression due to the low interest rate environment. Focusing now on Slide 9, where we cover our guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. First quarter operating earnings of $28 million were up 21% over the year ago quarter, while net revenue was up 18% due to improved spreads. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue improved to 79%. We continue to approach this business opportunistically, and we'll issue investment-only and full service payout business when market conditions generate attractive returns. In Principal Global Investors, operating earnings were $20 million, up 25% from the year ago quarter. Slide 10 shows first quarter revenues grew 11%, driven largely by higher average assets under management. Unaffiliated net cash flow for the quarter of $1.8 billion came in across all our asset classes, helping drive unaffiliated assets under management to a record $103 billion. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax margin improved 230 basis points from the same period a year ago, as Principal Global Investors continues to build scale. The sale of a minority stake at Post Advisory Group to Nippon Life is expected to have less than $0.01 per share impact on 2013 results for this segment. Moving forward, the added distribution in a country focused on yield should lead to higher assets under management and earnings. Slide 11 shows Principal International's operating earnings of $45 million, reflecting strong asset growth. With $2.5 billion of net cash flow in the first quarter and the acquisition of Cuprum, Principal International reported a record $107 billion of assets under management. Adjusting for unfavorable macroeconomic impacts of foreign exchange and lower inflation in Latin America, and the earlier noted tax on repatriated earnings from Hong Kong, operating earnings were up 17% over the prior year quarter. Combined, net revenue is up 14% from first quarter 2012. As Larry mentioned, we successfully completed the acquisition of Cuprum in February, a month earlier than previously expected. Since they're reporting on a 1-month lag, only Cuprum's February results were in the first quarter 2013 earnings. We now expect full year earnings for Cuprum to be approximately $80 million, which will be partially offset by $25 million to $30 million of additional debt interest expense in the corporate segment. This improvement in Cuprum's earnings will partially offset the accounting change in Mexico. We still believe our 2013 outlook for Principal International is appropriate. Individual Life reported operating earnings of $15 million for the quarter. Adverse fluctuations in mortality negatively impacted operating earnings in first quarter 2013 by approximately $6 million. The quarter-over-quarter comparison is also impacted by the continued low interest rate environment and the prior year benefit from the change in amortization basis and favorable mortality. After adjusting both quarters, Individual Life's earnings are down 26% compared to first quarter 2012. Slide 12 shows first quarter 2013 premium and fees grew at 9% over adjusted first quarter 2012. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted pretax operating margin is 15%, within the range of 15% to 17% communicated for 2013. We expect to be at the lower end of the range as long as the low interest rate environment persists. Specialty Benefits operating earnings of $21 million were up 12% over the same quarter a year ago. The loss ratio continues to perform well at 67% for the quarter, slightly better than our expectations for our first quarter. Operating earnings for Specialty Benefits are seasonal, where first quarter is typically the lowest quarter of the year. Slide 13 highlights Specialty Benefits premium and fee growth of 4% over a year ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, premium fee growth of 5% is slightly below our 6% to 8% target. Pretax operating margin of 10% is in line with our expectations. The corporate segment reported an operating loss in the first quarter of $37 million. The segment was impacted by closing costs for the Cuprum acquisition, which were offset by investment income on cash held in Chile that was used for the acquisition, and by lower-than-expected expense accruals. For the rest of 2013, we expect the normal quarterly run rate of corporate earnings to be a loss of $35 million to $40 million, which includes the additional debt interest expense from the Cuprum acquisition. For the quarter, total company net income was $178 million, reflecting capital losses of $56 million for the quarter. This was driven, in part, by $19 million of credit-related net losses, which were down 28% from the year ago quarter and are at their lowest point since third quarter 2007. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimate our first quarter risk-based capital ratio will be unchanged from year end 2012, at approximately 416%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.1 billion of remaining deployable capital after the Cuprum acquisition. Book value per share, excluding other comprehensive income, of $29.19, increased 6% over prior year quarter. As a reminder, current ROE levels are dampened by about 100 basis points from third quarter 2012 actuarial assumption review. We expect ROE at the end of the year to grow an additional 50 to 80 basis points from the normalized result. As outlined on Slide 14, so far in 2013, we've announced plans to deploy $329 million of our planned $400 million to $600 million of capital for the year. In first quarter, we bought back 2.4 million shares for $75 million to offset share count dilution. We financed that with the remaining authorization from 2012, along with a portion of the $150 million first quarter authorization. With our focus on onboarding Cuprum in the first half of the year, we'll look to the second half of the year to evaluate all our opportunities to deploy capital. We have the capacity for share repurchase, as well for an active M&A pipeline. As always, we'll manage capital in the best interest of our shareholders. Additionally, we'll continue to focus on our dividend payout ratio, and last night announced our second quarter 2013 dividend of $0.23. In closing, we're very pleased with the continued growth and momentum of our businesses as we start 2013. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a quick question on margins within the accumulations, which came in above the high end of your 2013 guidance range. Is there anything to glean from the competitive environment from these results?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Seth, this is Larry, I'll ask Dan to comment as well. I think it really reflects more the particular size of the market, in our case, again, going more for the $1 million to $5 million sort of plan size rather than necessarily reflecting a change in the competitive environment. Although, I would say I think that, as far as the competitive environment, generally thinks it's sort of stabilized, I don't think they're getting worse. They're not necessarily getting better, but largely, the improvement's due to selling smaller plans. Dan?
Daniel J. Houston: Thanks, Seth, for the question. I think your question's a little more broad perhaps on all the cume, and if you pull in the funds, which we're finally seeing, from the mutual funds, is a very strong contribution to operating earnings and helping improve the margins there. We looked at that business being very sustainable. And just a reminder, that is equally as involved in the qualified retirement plan business, if you think about those dollars in our DCIO. It's the investment-only on other competitive platforms. And then, of course, a lot of rollover IRA business. So again, we feel very good about our sustainability in this accumulation segment of the market.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Larry, just to follow-up on your first point in terms of the focus on the small- to midsized cases. I would expect the sales focus on that, at least the margin improvement, to be small when you consider the large in-force. So when we think about the margins on a go-forward basis and the shifting focus back to small to midsize, how should we think about that impact quarterly?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I think, again, we're balancing a number of factors here. It really, again, is a question, overall, about the revenue you're receiving on your new business. It's about the revenue you're receiving on your existing block of business. It's about how you have to adjust the revenue on your existing block of business as those plans get bigger. And as those plans get bigger, understandably, the advisor and the plan sponsor would expect those fees to be adjusted over time. So you're balancing a number of competing considerations. What I would say is we're probably in a better position today in terms of having balance between all of those. We're in a better position today than we've been in the last couple of years. So I think that's why you're seeing those sort of overall results stabilize. And again, pending some shock to the market or some other unforeseen event, I think, we'd expect those trends to continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: In Terry's prepared remarks, it sounds like the contribution from Cuprum was higher than you had laid out in November of last year, and it sounds like the full year impacts will be higher. Yet it seems that Principal International earnings as a whole are kind of still what you laid out in your guidance call last year. So I'm wondering how to think about that. I mean, is -- should we think that other businesses within PI are not going to do as well?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sean, this is Larry, and I'll ask Terry to comment in a minute. But first, let me kind of restate what I think is really the most important element for Principal International business over the long term, which is that, we have had an expectation that, again, assuming sort of constant economic assumptions around inflation and foreign exchange and so forth, we would expect Principal International businesses to grow at that approximately 15% sort of annual earnings growth. And while this quarter, because as we onboarded Cuprum and we have looked at all of the accounting guidance around all of our international businesses, there's some movement around between Cuprum and AFORE Mexico. It doesn't change in any way shape and form the basic story that Principal International should be able to continue to grow earnings at that kind of 15% clip. I think in 2013, Cuprum is going to be a positive contributor to that, but the existing businesses also continue to grow nicely. So the story is really well in hand, and it's about these short-term bouncing arounds. But for the long-term of 2013, we still expect that sort of 15% growth. Terry, you want to comment?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Sean, this is Terry. Larry's comments were spot on. As we looked at the acquisition of Cuprum in the first quarter, we took that opportunity to work with E&Y, our auditor, to look at all similar type of products, as they become a bigger portion of our operation in all the different jurisdictions. And as a result of that, we changed the way that we are going to amortize some of the acquisition costs. We're going to capitalize fewer costs, we're going to also change the amortization to be more of a straight line amortization. Now as you're aware, this does not have any impact on the underlying economics of the business. It's just the recognition of when those earnings will come into play. And so we don't feel that it will have a significant impact on the long-term growth rate of the business. In fact, as we look forward in this business, we see that there is very favorable trends for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. Larry, despite what would seem to be broadly-based success at this point, I mean, to me it seems like a -- it's a very, very strong quarter across the board. Your ROE has been stable, which is a polite way of saying it's really not been moving up. Why is that, and what is it going to take? I know you mentioned you expect some improvement from here, but despite what you say, every quarter has been success, and I'm saying this quarter it looked great to me, why hasn't the ROE been moving up?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. A good question. And I think Terry actually covered that, at least, briefly, but I think reasonably well, right at the end of his commentary. Where we're sitting at today, as you observed, is right at that sort of 9.8%, 9.9% level that is consistent with where it was a year ago. And in answer to your question about why it has not improved, there's really 2 things that have impacted that in a pretty significant way. One of those was the actuarial assumption review that we did in third quarter 2012 was one factor. And the other factor is the purchase of Cuprum, where, again, just the way the accounting works when you buy an asset at greater than book value, it's going to have a depressing impact on ROE. If you sort of adjust for those, because those, again, are kind of temporary issues, that's about 100 basis points. So if you ask me today, Eric, what I would tell you is, I believe that we've moved our ROE over the last 12 months, roughly from 9.9% into that high 10% level. And I think, honestly, if you just look at that ROE level, near 11% today, say, between 10 3/4% and 11%, in a environment with a 1.7% 10-year treasury, that's actually a pretty respectable ROE. And I think it does lend credence to the fact that our fee-based model will allow us to generate higher ROEs over time. So we're roughly at 11% today. Going forward, we still expect to be able to achieve that sort of 50 to 80 basis point sort of improvement in ROE. So I think expectations would be, again, all other things being equal, no particular macroeconomic events, no particular issues relative to acquisitions, we'd be in that 11.5% sort of range by the end of the year. Does that give you a good picture?
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, yes, that's helpful. And I'll follow-up with John. My second and final question relates to the international business. It's a little -- it was, to me, frankly, a little bit concerning, it was -- not concerning, that's not the right word. It was curious that, in the face of a dramatic increase in assets year-over-year, you reported out flat earnings. Now I know a lot of the asset growth had to do with the addition in the final hours of the quarter, so to speak of Cuprum, and I know, too, that your earnings this quarter were depressed by the inflation considerations in Chile, as well as by the, I guess, the depreciation of the Brazilian real. But I mean, even if you take out the effect of the addition of the Cuprum assets, you still had very strong growth in your asset base. So my question is, is there anything else that we need to understand that is sort of retarding or breaking the growth of earnings internationally to prevent those earnings growth from moving up in lockstep with the asset growth?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, there's a lot packed into there, but that's a -- there's some good questions in there. So again, if you go to Slide 11, I'm not going to try to repeat everything that's on Slide 11. I'm going to ask Luis to comment when I finish here. But if you go to Slide 11 on the website, you'll see a pretty good reconciliation of the kind of issues of the quarter. So what you'll see in there is, because of the repatriated -- the tax on repatriated capital from Hong Kong, if you adjust for that, reported earnings would be up 6%. If you adjust for FX, foreign exchange and if you assume more normal inflation, you'd be up 17%. That does include Cuprum just to be clear, so the 17% does include Cuprum. I would say that the -- over the longer term, the revenue growth is going to be closer to the AUM growth, but there's always going to be some lag. There's always going to be some differential between that. That differential is not going to be as high as what we see here in the U.S., where if you look at Full Service Accum, you might grow revenue 8% or 9%, but you may only -- or yes, you may grow AUM 8% or 9% which may only grow revenue 3% or 4% or 5%, so that's a fairly big differential. There is a differential in international. It's a little bit smaller because of the slightly less competitive nature of that. But again, I'd reiterate this is a sort of double-digit growth business, a number of macroeconomic factors in this particular quarter, plus the accounting elements that Terry mentioned. So a noisy quarter, but I want to reiterate the fundamentals are very, very much in place. And maybe ask Luis to talk a little bit about AUM growth versus revenue growth.
Luis Valdez: Yes, I'm going to reiterate what you said that it's a kind of noisy quarter, so it is not allowing to us to show entire potential of Principal International. As you said we continue growing at a double digit in the 17%, 18% growth. Just a single comment. Still our trailing 12-month margin is still 55.6%, so it's within the range that we presented our outlook for 2013. So we don't have any other particular comments to make other than this is a very strong quarter for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Actually, I want to go back to start with, maybe, Seth's question. I guess, just thinking about the margins in FSA a little bit, you talked about the competitive environment showing signs of stabilization. You've talked about kind of the remixing of the business to a little bit higher margin mix. It sounds like small, medium, et cetera. So I know you don't like talking about individual quarters, and you kind of like to focus on trailing 12 months. But if I just look at the FSA margins, I mean, are we at that point of stabilization in that number, or kind of looking at the business that you're adding to the books versus the existing and what that gets repriced at, should we still be assuming some compression?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I think -- this is Larry, and again, I'll have Dan comment. I think there's still some -- as I've read different analyst reports, Mark, I would still say I think there's, unfortunately, still some that are sort of looking at this in terms of ROA, return on assets, as compared to return on revenue. This has really essentially become almost totally a fee-based business. So I really do think that return on revenue or return on net revenue is really a better way to think about this. And that's why in our kind of outlook discussion for 2013, you saw us provide guidance around revenue growth and sort of return on net revenue. So I think that's the way to think about the business. And when you sort of look at results over the last -- well, the current quarter as compared to, say, the trailing 12-months, I think you've started to see stabilization in that return on net revenue. Again, there's a little bit, as Dan commented earlier to Seth's question, it varies a little bit when you look at RIS accum because the return on revenue isn't quite the same for Full Service Accum, for mutual funds and for Individual Annuities. But they're relatively close, and so that -- it doesn't move around that much, so...
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Mark, maybe just a couple of comments. It always has been and continues to be a competitive market. We've got to adapt, adjust and make sure that we're pivoting appropriately. But frankly, there are some nice tailwinds coming into the businesses right now. And you see that, and I'm sure as you're fully aware of the economic recovery here, but if I just look at new plan formation, at the peak low, it was down 40%. It's only off 5% now from the high. So there's a lot of us out there that are involved in new plan formation in addition to just the transfer business. If you look salary deferrals, if you look at participation percentages, that's what's contributing to this nice contribution from recurring deposits. And that's been an element of our growth story towards profitability for a lot of years, and frankly, that was absent here in the course of the last 3 or 4 years. We're seeing more and more of the employers, put their matches back in place. We certainly saw that for year-end 2013. And the other contributing factors is some of the investments going into higher margin products, equities in particular, away from some of the fixed income. So whether or not they're stable, I think the rate of decline has slowly -- has certainly slowed up, but I would say continue to be a competitive marketplace. We're going to continue to adjust and adapt, but it's nice to know that we're finally getting some of these economic tailwinds by helping grow this business.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then, I guess, just finally, quickly, it goes under the radar a little bit, but you've actually had a pretty strong ramp-up in Principal Funds earnings. And obviously, there's a contribution from very high sales in the quarter. I'm just curious about your view on the sustainability of these earnings and maybe even what would be the mix between kind of AUM base versus production base in terms of that earnings.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, that's -- first, I really appreciate the observation. Our team that runs that business has really done an extraordinary job. And I would just comment on a couple of things there that I think are important and do make it sustainable going forward, Mark. First of all is that we continue to have outstanding investment performance, and again, there's a slide on the website, and we -- and I commented in my remarks earlier, but you have roughly 75% to 80% of the funds in the top half of their appropriate universe. So investment performance is consistent, and it's very, very strong. Obviously, that's fundamental. Probably, the one that isn't as well understood that's really powerful is this solutions-oriented approach that we've taken. The traditional sort of benchmark aware mutual fund, that's a tough way to sort of go. And it really is about innovation, and it is about outcome-oriented solutions in the mutual fund business, so we refer to things like our Global Diversified Income Fund or our global real asset fund, or even to some extent our lifecycle portfolios like our Strategic Asset Management portfolios and LifeTime. So product innovation really matters. Obviously, investment performance matters. Our team has really done just an outstanding job. And the other thing that I commented on in my opening remarks, if you think about -- we expanded our advisor base by 20% over the last year. That is a very, very significant stat. So we become very much of a player in the U.S. mutual fund business, both retail funds, to some extent funds for high net worth, but also, as Dan said, this investment-only business, so it is sustainable. We do think we've got great traction. We got great performance. We expect these trends to continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I had a question about the margins also. So if I look at not return on assets, and I'm talking about FSA here, not return on assets, but the 2 other ones, Larry, that you're focusing on pretax return on net revenue and pretax margin. It looks like for the quarter, you're pretty much in the range of what you've given us as a long-term sort of guidance. So I guess, my question is, if that's the case, is the earnings growth from this business essentially going to be coming from your growth in assets, your growth in flows, as well as what the market gives you? Is that really what we should look to on a go-forward basis?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I would say -- this is Larry, Suneet. I would say that the lead there, of course, is revenue growth. And so then there's the question about what's the relationship between sort of revenue growth and AUM growth. And again, as we commented, that differential's probably a little bit wider today than maybe what it would be over the long-term, because as assets have -- over the last couple of years, as assets have moved from equity into fixed income, which, generally speaking, don't have the same revenue streams, that differential between AUM and revenue growth's probably a little wider today than what it might be on a go-forward basis. As Dan has said, then it's really our responsibility. It's our management team's responsibility to then manage the expenses of the business in line with those revenues, and ultimately be able to grow operating earnings at a differential to the revenue growth. So I don't know, Dan, anything further?
Daniel J. Houston: No, nothing further, Larry. That's right on track.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Then my follow-up question is, I think, in your prepared comments, you talked about pricing discipline in this business. And I guess, on past calls, you've commented that competition has resulted in sort of pricing on renewal business to be down, I think you used 10% to 12%, relative to when you originally put it on the books. So if that was kind of the past practice, I'm just curious how those trends look today. It seems like you're walking away from some business. Can you talk about that and then what your -- to the extent you are repricing existing business or renewal business, how much of an increase are you getting in terms of pricing, if any?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, 2 quick comments, and then I'll let Dan handle the bulk of the question. I frankly don't recall that we've -- I think, you commented about reducing renewal pricing 10% to 12%. I don't recall that I've said that or that we've said that, so I don't know -- in fact, I don't even know what that stat would be. We price renewal business to be competitive. That's -- and I don't have a particular number around that. On your point about walking away from business, again, I want to be clear. Our close rates have continued to stay pretty much in that same range. The close rate was around 12% in Q1 on the pipeline. And you'll remember, and we've said many times that sort of our historical close rate's in that 10% to 12% level. So we're still very, very competitive and our close rates continue to hold up very well. Last thing I'll say before turning it over to Dan is our pipeline's up 6% as well. So all the fundamentals here continue to look very good. It's just that, again, we're working a little bit more and there's a little more activity in that small to medium end of the market, which is advantageous relative to this whole margin issue.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, I guess, I'll own up to the 10% to 12%, because what we've -- what I tried to put that in the context in previous calls, is that if you looked at what kind of concessions you have to make on certain attractive new business, the concession could be somewhere in that 10% to 12%. That's still out there today. Remember that on most plans over $5 million, we're able to do a cost-benefit analysis on each one of those cases. We know what we're having to invest in the case in order to maintain it. As you heard in the prepared comments, we did walk away from a couple of pieces of business that just, frankly, weren't profitable to us. We are going to continue to have that sort of pricing discipline, and of course, as was mentioned earlier, we still have the benefit of some of these shifts towards more proprietary asset management. Jim's performance in many of these accounts has been quite favorable. So as we're out there talking to not only prospective clients, but also at the time of going out and visiting with existing clients, we're out there pitching our very strong proprietary asset management. All of those things, I think, is what will allow us to at least hold the line here on these margins and continue to perhaps improve from here.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so just lastly, to tie it all together. I think in your investor materials presented last year, you showed the 401(k) industry was in outflows, and principle's consistently been in inflows. Given this pricing discipline comment, are you still expecting that will continue going forward, especially as you sort of migrate maybe more towards the smaller case plans, which, obviously, by definition have a smaller level of assets versus your growth over the past several years, which has been skewed maybe a little bit more to the larger case?
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that net cash flow number historically is -- we've guided you toward that 4% to 6%. My guess is, this year, you could see that number closer to 1% to 3% range for net cash flow. Again, we focus on the profitability of these relationships, continue to focus on revenue growth. And our revenue growth is going to come from those small- to medium-sized businesses. Remember, we also picked up a lot of net cash flow from just improving the overall quality of these plans by improving recurring deposits, that's the matches, that's the deferrals and that's participation. So a lot of hard work has to go into it, but I would continue to see our FSA franchise having strong relative net cash flow to the rest of the industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A question for you on Principal International. If I look at that Slide 11, Larry, and I think about numbers, AUM growth on a year-over-year basis, if I take out Cuprum, was about 25%. And I know, I'm digging into 1 quarter and that may, all by itself, throw off the trends here. But then, if I look at that adjusted earnings growth of 17% and that does benefit from 1 month of Cuprum. So the earnings growth rate x Cuprum would have been far lower than the asset growth rate. And so I guess, my question is this, digging a little deeper into maybe Eric Berg's question, when you drill into the various businesses underlying Principal International, are there areas where, similar to the U.S., you're seeing some downward pressure on fee rates or downward pressure on margins that we need to consider?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, John. We've done a great job in growing this business, and it is becoming more significant. And I'm glad to see all of you starting to dig in a little more into some of the details of it. Again, I'll let Luis comment. I would just say from a broad, sort of high-level, again, you don't have the competitive dynamics necessarily in the international markets. That's not to say that, that won't happen over time, because I think it will, and obviously, some markets are more competitive than the others. I just want to make one comment before I throw it over to Luis, which is that the particular point around the 17% increase, if you assume constant foreign exchange, and if you assumed more normal inflation in Latin America, as we said earlier, that does include Cuprum. It also includes some investments that we're making in Asia. So we're in the process of building out a retirement platform in India, and we're also in the process of building up a more independent distribution platform in Hong Kong. And that is -- those are extra expenses, they're investments. There's no deferral allowed on those expenses. And so we're choosing to make those investments in Asia. The reality is that Latin America is a very sort of high-growth market today, and we're reaping the benefit of that. We're trying to execute a strategy over the long-term that allows us to invest in tomorrow, which is going to be Asia. So we want to have the same competitive platform in Asia in 3 years and 5 years and 7 years that we have today in Latin America. And the only way we're going to do that is we're going to have to invest in it, and we're going to have to build those platforms, because they don't really exist today in Asia. So we're sort of having to build them ground up. And you see some of the reflection of that in the Principal International results, and it's been going on and it will continue to go on at some level. So just recognize that there is this investment that has to go on. It will pay off in the long term, I think we've demonstrated through the growth of Principal International over the last 10 years. Luis and his team have done an outstanding job. They know how to manage these businesses. They know how to build these platforms, and it does lead to significant growth over time. So Luis...
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I mean, Larry, sorry to interrupt. I mean, I like the idea of investing in tomorrow's growth markets for sure. I mean, maybe one thing you guys can do for us, and I know there's a disclosure overload potential here, but maybe one thing you can do for us is help us understand and break out what those investments are. So that we can sort of draw a better correlation or a better understanding of the earnings of your existing, sort of, maybe more mature-type business in -- within PI versus the AUM. Because I don't know, I mean, my conclusion, just looking at these numbers, is that you've got margin pressure somewhere, and I don't know where it is. But maybe that's the wrong conclusion. That's what I'm trying to get at.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, and my overly long response, John, was only to say that there is -- it's really investment that's going on here more than it is margin pressure. And again, that's not to say that there won't be margin pressure. But sort of when you look at this quarter, or if you look at last quarter or next quarter, it's more likely to be a question of investing in the business than it is a question of margin pressure.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. My only other question for you is this. So you're a couple of months into having closed on Cuprum, and it appears your expectations for the year 1, if you will, earnings contribution from Cuprum is up double-digit percentage from your initial guidance. I'm just wondering whether you can characterize that improvement as you were maybe overly conservative on your original outlook, or is there something more significant that changed in the business, because it certainly appears that you're run rating the 1-month contribution this quarter.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right, so I'll maybe have Terry or Luis comment. But again, I just want to emphasize that all of the operational elements of Cuprum continue to go exceptionally well. And I said in my remarks, again, the regulator does very detailed surveys of both investment performance and customer service, and Cuprum has historically shown up very, very well in those surveys. I'm not saying that we're going to be #1 every year, because that's -- you can't do that. But having said that, we were, in fact, #1 as far as investment performance and customer service. So operationally, it's going very, very well. And if we -- as our team down there continues to execute, it obviously does lead to improved performance over time. So with that, maybe I'll ask Terry or Luis to comment.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, John, this is Terry. As we talked about earlier, as we onboarded Cuprum, we took a hard look at the accounting of that as well as the other foreign jurisdictions, as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, in the AFORE business in Mexico, as well as Cuprum in Chile. And as a result of that, I think some of our accounting -- excuse me, acquisition cost deferral rates, intangible, amortization periods, et cetera, change from those initial [indiscernible]...
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. I'm sorry, I missed that. Okay, I missed that commentary.
Luis Valdez: John, this is Luis. Just to complement your question about our assumptions with Cuprum. We were not overly conservative, but we were pretty much more realistic. But in reality, Cuprum is performing pretty well in the very first quarter. We have some assumptions about certain chocks [ph] and lapses, and certainly, Cuprum is doing perfectly Well. It's having net customer cash flows positive since day 1, when we announced the closing last year in October. So all in all, the net customer cash flows, sales and their commercial activities is doing fairly well, and we're very pleased with Cuprum, and that is the results of the good numbers that we are getting in the very first quarter.
Operator: And Your last question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I kind of wanted to touch on [indiscernible] FSA and it's outflows and the higher withdrawals in the quarter. The margin commentary in the call is clearly positive, and so it's good to see that moving forward. But it seems to me that this is a higher-withdrawal number in FSA than we've seen in some time, and there was an explanation in your commentary that it had to do with some M&A among your clients, as well as pricing discipline. But I guess, aren't those 2 things really functions of a more competitive marketplace there? Just kind of wanted to drill down on that more, but to me, that sounds like a marketplace that's getting kind of increasingly competitive, with folks choosing to go with maybe a cheaper option or something else more competitive. So just hoping to kind of flush out how we can have confidence in that withdrawal number normalizing going through the rest of '13.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry, Randy. Again, I'll have Dan comment. But I would say that the withdrawal number this time, there was -- again, we've been actually expecting this. To be honest, we'd retained these plans a little longer than we thought. If you look at the macro environment, you're starting to see more M&A activity happen. I'm not talking about related to Principal, I'm just talking about generally in the capital markets. You're starting to see more activity. And we've had a couple of sort of larger size plans, where those employers had been acquired by very large employers. I'm not going to name names, but that had happened maybe 6 months to 12 months to 18 months ago. And we knew that, eventually, we were going to lose these plans, because, again, our particular employer relationship had been acquired. So you have a sort of a pent-up demand, if you will. You have sort of a slightly larger than you would expect sort of withdrawal coming out as these employers transition to the newly acquired employer's plan. So again a little bit of pent-up demand. The sort of potential for higher withdrawals, that Dan was talking about earlier, is more reflective of the fact that we're trying to sort of maintain discipline in our renewal pricing. And so with that, maybe I'll kick it over to him.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, just a couple of comments and I appreciate the question, Randy. You had nearly a 20% increase over beginning of year account balances of withdrawals. That's just based on the fact that these accounts were bigger. And that was really $0.5 billion, $500 million just attributable to that point. We had record retention in 2012. And again, I think, relative to the competitive market, we've written 1,900 new contracts in the last 12 months. 916 of those coming in the first quarter of 2013. So I don't think there's any question, we've got a very competitive offering out there in the marketplace, not only to retain business but to attract business. And I think our strong investment performance, our continued commitment to TRS are 2 of the big contributors to that success, which -- you made other comment about lower-cost options. We have lower-cost options. We have passive investment strategies on our platform. We have CITs, or collective investment trusts, on our platform, and we've got revised service arrangements. So if someone wants a lighter service model, we've got that available for our clients. So again, it's always been competitive, continues to be competitive, but again, between the pricing discipline on a go-forward basis on the in-force and attracting of new business, we feel quite comfortable with our withdrawals and our net cash flow at this point.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just one clarification. So you're saying that about $0.5 billion of the $6.2 billion of withdrawals was attributable to basically higher lumpiness from higher account balances, is that right?
Daniel J. Houston: That's correct. Yes, there up about 19% from a year ago. Yes, that's correct.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing remarks please?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. As I said in my opening comments, we're very, very pleased with the momentum of the businesses, and we're going to remain focused on execution, sort of across the board, as we go forward in 2013. So again, thanks to everybody for being on the call today, and we look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the coming months. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until the end of May 3, 2013. 25954736 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056, U.S. and Canadian callers, or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President James Patrick McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc. 
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement, slides related to today's call and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman, and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdez, Principal International; Tim Dunbar, Chief Investment Officer; and Julia Lawler, Senior Vice President of Investment Services. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, and I'll close with some comments on capital management. As John mentioned, we provided slides related to today's call. Slide 4 outlines the themes for today's call. The company ended 2012 with a very strong fourth quarter. The business momentum continues to be strong, and with a better macroeconomic environment, the business fundamentals were able to come through to revenue and operating earnings. While there were some modest onetime positives, which Terry will discuss, we achieved a 16% increase in total company adjusted operating earnings per share compared to fourth quarter 2011. We ended fourth quarter 2012 with a record $403 billion in assets under management and $30 billion in total company net cash flow for 2012, outstanding results reflecting ongoing momentum in the businesses. This reflects our competitive advantage and the strength of our advisor-focused distribution model, as well as the strength of our joint venture partners. Some of the growth metrics from the quarter include: strong sales of $3.3 billion for full service accumulation, contributing to strong net cash flows of $1.6 billion in the quarter; strong sales of $4.2 billion in Principal Funds, contributing to net cash flows of $1.5 billion in the quarter; record unaffiliated assets under management of $98.2 billion in Principal Global Investors; strong net cash flows of $2 billion for Principal International; $85 million in Individual Life sales in the quarter, an increase of 56% over fourth quarter 2011, reflecting strong sales in all segments and continued success in the business market; and Specialty Benefits sales of 18% in the fourth quarter of 2012 over 2011, driving premium and fee growth of 5%. Turning now to the full year. Total company results were strong, given difficult operating conditions. On an adjusted basis, full year earnings per share were up 12% over reported earnings per share of $2.66 for 2011. Let me highlight some of the outstanding growth metrics from 2012. Full service accumulation had record sales of $11.5 billion, up 36% over 2011, and record net cash flows of $7 billion, which is 6% of beginning-of-year account values. Annualized net revenue on new sales is up 46% over 2011. Principal Funds had record sales of $15.8 billion for the year, up 41%, resulting in record net cash flows of $7 billion for the year. Principal Global Investors had full year unaffiliated net cash flows of $7 billion, reflecting continued strong investment performance and demand for our broad investment expertise. Principal International had record reported net cash flows of $9.3 billion, up 69% over 2011, leading to a record $69 billion in reported assets under management. Total assets for Principal International, including our China joint venture, were $80.5 billion at the end of 2012, up 32% from the prior year. Net cash flows from our Latin American businesses continue to be strong, and we're generating increasing net cash flows from our Asian businesses as well. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, Individual Life full-year sales of $227 million were up 22% compared to 2011, driven by the nonqualified and business owner markets, which drove 55% of total sales. 2012 Specialty Benefits had sales of $256 million, a decrease of 10% from record sales in 2011 in what remains a competitive environment. The strength of our business fundamentals leads to growth in assets, leading to higher net revenues over time and ultimately higher total company operating earnings. Given the ongoing strength in our close ratios and our investment performance, we remain confident about our competitive position and our ability to continue to grow our businesses into the future despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Next, I'll comment on our success in further implementing our strategy in 2012. We announced 2 significant acquisitions last year in Latin America, solidifying our position as a retirement leader in the fast-growing emerging markets in this region. The acquisition of Claritas in April, a Brazilian retail mutual fund and asset management company, complements our existing pension leadership position in Brazil, where BrazilPrev, our joint venture with Banco Brasil, is the fastest-growing pension company in that market. As a reminder, Brazil is the sixth largest mutual fund market in the world and continues to grow at double-digit rates. Additionally, in October, we announced our intent to acquire Cuprum, a premier mandatory and voluntary pension provider in Chile. We received all regulatory approvals and have completed the tender offer for this transaction. We expect to complete this transaction next week, further positioning The Principal as a retirement leader in Chile. And in Mexico, with the 2011 acquisition of HSBC's AFORE and our exclusive distribution arrangement, we've successfully built scale in the AFORE market, which is the key to success in the mandatory pension market. We've proven our ability to create a center of retirement and long-term savings excellence in key emerging markets in Latin America. This expertise serves us well as the long-term savings and retirement markets in Asia begin to develop. Our position in Asia is further strengthened by having large, well-respected joint venture partners like China Construction Bank, CIMB Group in Southeast Asia and Punjab National Bank in India. In addition to strong joint venture partners, the synergies among our businesses continue to uniquely position us in these key emerging markets. In early 2012, we announced that Principal Global Investors was awarded a Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor, or QFII, license in China. Last month, we fulfilled our existing quota of $150 million. This demonstrates that Principal Global Investors' well-established and growing presence in Asia, with our strong equities management capabilities, provides a compelling proposition to clients. Finally, we continue to pursue deregistration as a savings and loan holding company. This process will likely take several months. We remain hopeful that we will retain much of our ability to provide products and services to our principal bank customers without the ongoing oversight of our holding company by the federal reserve. Strong investment performance continues to be a leading indicator of strong net cash flows. Our results continue to be strong across asset classes and are a differentiator for The Principal. As shown on Slide 5 and now referenced in our supplement on Page 1, 84% of our investment platform funds ranked in the top 2 Morningstar quartiles on a 1-year basis, 91% on a 3-year basis and 60% on a 5-year basis. As a result of strong investment performance results, driving large net cash flows, Principal Funds is now ranked 19th in market share for adviser-sold funds and 11th in net cash flows for 2012 based on rankings done by Strategic Insight. Our goal is to continue growing market share as we continue to develop innovative new products and expand and deepen distribution channels. Our Investment Management + strategy, which encompasses a unique set of businesses, focused on the long-term savings, investment and risk protection needs of clients around the world, continues to differentiate our business model. Finally, I'll close with some comments on capital management. We continue to operate from a position of financial flexibility as a result of our fee-based business model, providing increasing amounts of deployable capital. This model allows us to return capital to shareholders, as well as invest in our business through strategic acquisitions. In 2012, we allocated more than $2 billion of capital to common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. In addition to increasing the total 2012 dividend 11% over 2011, we announced last night that our board has approved a first quarter 2013 common stock dividend of $0.23, a 10% increase over fourth quarter 2012 as we seek to continue to increase our dividend payout ratio. Looking ahead to 2013, we expect to deploy approximately $500 million for common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and any share repurchase. The bulk of share repurchases, if any, would be in the latter half of 2013. Before I close, I want to mention that The Principal was recently named the #1 place to work among large money managers by Pensions & Investments magazine. Attracting talented employees is a key component for long-term success as a global investment management company. This recognition is strong validation that our aspiration of being a recognized global investment management leader is being realized. Finally, I want to acknowledge and congratulate Julia Lawler on her new position within the company. Julia has been our Chief Investment Officer since becoming a public company. Julia has moved from her role as Chief Investment Officer to Senior Vice President of Investment Services, where she is responsible for overseeing the portfolios for Retirement and Investor Services, as well as Principal International. She'll apply the expertise she's gained from successfully managing the general account to a much larger share of the company's total assets under management. Tim Dunbar has added Chief Investment Officer to his responsibility, as well as continuing to oversee [Audio Gap]. He's joined the company 25 years ago and has managed operations in Mexico and served in various roles in Principal Global Investors. I'm excited to have both Julia and Tim's expertise in these key investment management roles. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As Larry mentioned, the fourth quarter was a very strong finish to 2012, showing continued business momentum as we move into the new year. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter and full year; net income, including [Audio Gap] the strength of our capital position and balance sheet. Reported fourth quarter 2012 operating earnings of $244 million were up 21% over the reported fourth quarter 2011. Looking at Slide 6, you'll see the positive onetime benefits that helped fourth quarter 2012 operating earnings per share. The extraordinary and accelerated dividends the company has paid in fourth quarter 2012 benefited fourth quarter results by $0.03, and variable investment income from alternative investments added $0.01. Combined, these items benefited current quarter operating earnings by $0.04 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2012 earnings per share were up 16% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting strong execution and lower share count. Looking ahead, first quarter 2013 will be negatively impacted by closing costs for Cuprum, as well as normal seasonality in Principal Global Investors and Specialty Benefits. On a reported basis, 2012 full year earnings per share were up slightly. Adjusting 2012 for the third quarter actuarial assumption review, 2012 earnings per share were up 12%. This is a very strong result despite macroeconomic pressures such as low interest rates, a strengthening U.S. dollar and pricing pressures. Now I'll discuss business unit results. Slide 7 and 8 are the same slides that we provided on our outlook call. They summarize the expected 2013 and 5-year revenue growth rates and margins for each of the businesses. These drivers of profitability provide greater clarity for earnings growth by business unit and are key to how we measure our businesses going forward. We continue to believe we'll achieve the net revenue and pretax margin ranges we announced at our November 27 call. Turning now to Slide 9 on Retirement and Investor Services. Our Accumulation businesses had net revenue growth of 18% in fourth quarter 2012 versus fourth quarter 2011, driving operating earnings up 27% to $134 million. Adjusting for the benefit received from the extraordinary dividends paid by companies during the quarter and variable investment income, operating earnings grew 16% in fourth quarter 2012 compared to the year-ago quarter. Strong growth in account values was driven by very favorable sales and retention that boosted net cash flows and positive asset appreciation. Fourth quarter operating earnings for full service accumulation at $81 million were up 39% from the year-ago quarter, reflecting 17% net revenue growth, improved quarterly pretax return on net revenue and $8 million dividend benefit. Underlying fundamentals within full service accumulation remains strong. The sales pipeline continues to build and close ratios continue to improve. In addition, full year 2012 recurring deposits were up 11% over 2011, reflecting growth in eligible participant count as a result of strong sales and client retention. We expect 2013 full service accumulation sales to be comparable to 2012 based on assets, but expect to achieve double-digit growth in annualized net revenue on new sales. We expect to continue to drive sales across all plan sizes, small, medium and large, but with greater emphasis on small to mid, where we will capture a higher percentage of proprietary asset management. This shift may also result in lower net cash flows in 2013, but again will enable us to drive higher growth in annualized net revenue from new sales. Operating earnings for Principal Funds at $13 million in fourth quarter were up 25% from the year-ago quarter on 23% increase in revenue and improved pretax margin. On a full-year basis, sales and net cash flows were outstanding at $15.8 billion and $6.6 billion, respectively. We continue to see strong investment performance and high demand across multiple strategies, including global diversified income fund, preferred securities, MidCap Blend Fund, high-yield and our target-risk funds. Individual Annuities operating earnings at $31 million, up 12% from the year-ago quarter, benefited $3 million from variable investment income, which partially offset continuing margin compression due to the low interest rate environment. Slide 10 covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Fourth quarter net revenue was down 3%, while operating earnings of $19 million were relatively flat over the year-ago quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax return on net revenue remained stable at 78%. We continue to approach this business opportunistically and we'll issue investment-only and full service payout business when market conditions generate attractive returns. Turning to Principal Global Investors. Operating earnings of $26 million were up 50% over the year-ago quarter. Slide 11 shows fourth quarter revenues grew 11%, driven by higher average assets under management while holding costs relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue is up 8%, and pretax margin expanded to 23%, both strong and expected results. Investment performance remains competitive. The exit of a large Origin client, as well as a restructuring of the emerging market team, caused slightly negative unaffiliated net cash flow in the fourth quarter. However, we believe the negative flows were confined to the fourth quarter as the emerging market team maintained stellar performance following the transition, reflecting the strength and consistency of our investment philosophy and process. On a full-year basis, unaffiliated net cash flows of $6.9 billion was very strong, reflecting positive flows in several categories such as currency, real estate and stable value. Our pipeline is at its strongest in many years, and we're confident we'll have strong net cash flows in 2013. Looking at Principal International, fourth quarter 2012 operating earnings of $45 million are down $5 million from the reported fourth quarter 2011. However, as shown on Slide 12, adjusted operating earnings were up 14% when removing the additional month of earnings from BrazilPrev and the tax credits in the year-ago quarter. Fourth quarter 2012 combined net revenue grew 16% over the adjusted year-ago quarter. Full year 2012 combined pretax return on net revenue improved to 56%. Despite foreign exchange headwinds during 2012, operating earnings, net cash flow and assets under management continued to grow. Now that we're nearing the close of the Cuprum acquisition, let me remind you that earnings from the business will be on top of the existing strong organic growth that we're already seeing in Principal International. We continue to expect roughly $0.12 of total company earnings per share accretion in 2013 from Cuprum. Turning to Individual Life, Slide 13 shows fourth quarter 2012 premium and fees grew at a strong 8% over fourth quarter 2011 due to strong sales in the current quarter. Operating earnings at $28 million were up 2% over fourth quarter 2011, reflecting the headwind from low interest rates. On a trailing 12-month basis, after adjusting for the impact of actuarial assumption review and the amortization basis change, pretax operating margin is 17% within the targeted long-term range of 16% to 21%. We expect to be at the lower end of this range as long as the low interest rate environment persists. Specialty Benefits operating earnings at $32 million were up 23% over the same quarter a year ago. Slide 14 highlights Specialty Benefits premium and fee growth of 5%, a solid result, given continued pressure on employment and wage levels. Fourth quarter 2012 operating earnings also benefited from a lower claims loss ratio. Despite the high group disability loss ratio in third quarter, the overall loss ratio of 68% for the year remains at the midpoint of our targeted range. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax operating margins of 9% is in line with our long-term expectation of 8% to 12%. Let me remind you that operating earnings for Specialty Benefits are very seasonal, where typically we roughly see 20% of annual earnings coming from the first quarter, 25% in the second and third quarters and 30% in the fourth quarter. The corporate segment reported an operating loss for the fourth quarter of $39 million. We experienced additional debt interest expense until we early retired our 2014 notes in late December, as well as some costs associated with the Cuprum acquisitions, which were partially offset by miscellaneous income. Looking at 2013, we continue to expect the normal quarterly run rate for corporate earnings to be a loss of $35 million to $40 million, with an additional $7 million after-tax loss of onetime Cuprum closing costs in first quarter 2013. For the year, total company net income was $773 million, an increase of 25% over 2011, driven by gains from the sale of assets and better-than-expected credit losses. Aftertax credit-related investment losses in 2012 at $110 million, down 25% from 2011, reflect a continued downward trend to a multi-year low. Our investment portfolio continues to perform extremely well. Book value per share, excluding other comprehensive income, finished 2012 at $29.20, a 7% increase over 2011, despite the write-downs due to the change in actuarial assumptions in the third quarter. This represents a solid growth in the company's intrinsic value. 2012 reported return on equity of 9.6% was negatively impacted by the third quarter actuarial assumption review. Adjusting for this, return on equity was 10.7% in 2012, up 50 basis points from 2011 despite the macroeconomic challenges. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimate our year-end risk-based capital ratio to be 415% to 420%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $2.5 billion of total deployable capital. Approximately $1.5 billion of capital is earmarked for the purchase of Cuprum. We expect to complete the transaction on February 4. As outlined in Slide 15, we allocated $2.1 billion of capital for common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchase in 2012. The evolution of our less capital-intensive, fee-based business model allows us to continue a pattern of increasing our dividend payout ratio, representing 30% of 2012 net income. Additionally, we repurchased 9.9 million shares, with approximately $260 million in 2012. Looking ahead to 2013, we expect to deploy $400 million to $600 million of capital with a continued commitment to increasing long-term value for shareholders. As Larry mentioned, last night, we announced our first quarter 2013 dividend of $0.23, a 10% increase over the previous quarter dividend. In closing, we're very pleased with the continued growth and momentum of our businesses, as well as the outstanding execution by our team in 2012. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess first question, can you comment just in terms of the large account that you lost within Origin in terms of maybe what you were collecting on fees relative to the rest of the book?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, this is Larry. I'll have Jim comment on that.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, Chris. The large account that exited Origin was about $800 million in asset value, and the fee was a bit lower than Origin's typical because it's a large account, but it was in the order of below 30s of basis points. So there's a bit of a loss there. However, I would point out that Origin has had growth from other sources, and we're expecting revenues in 2013 to be at or slightly above the run rate when we bought the firm just over a year ago. And just in case I can anticipate your next question, the testing of goodwill, we're well in the right side of that one. So although that was an outflow in the quarter, we are pretty confident of the general situation and the solidity of Origin's client base. Just to elaborate, if I may, this was a case where a large client wanted to move several managers into a single strategic relationship. We pitched for that. I believe we were a very credible finalist but on the day, we didn't get it. I think that's true of many of these large institutional pitches, but we're definitely in the frame and a very credible contender for that kind of case.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 other quick ones. One, in terms of the growth in number of plans. You're getting some pretty nice growth there really in all employer sizes. Can you just comment some on the fee dynamics in terms of what you're seeing in that growth, maybe versus your core book and what you currently have in place?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, yes. This is Larry. I think we said in the earlier comments to give you some kind of insight into that, as you know, the actual new sales were up about 36% in 2012. We commented that the annualized fee revenue of that business was actually up 46% over the prior year. So you can see that we're gaining traction, if you will, in terms of, if you will, revenue per dollar as it relates to new sales. And part of that is as a result of focusing a little bit more on the small and medium. Now I'm always a little cautious because when we suggest that we're focusing more in the small and medium, it sounds like we're sort of running away from a different part of the market, and that's not really the case. This really again is more about deploying additional resources and making additional investments. And so it's not like we're running away from an existing book of business or larger plans. We just think at the moment there remains a great opportunity. Part of this, as an example, Chris, is with our Edward Jones relationship. You may remember we brought that relationship on at the start of 2012. And they're an example of the type of firm that is completely and squarely focused on small, medium business. So just as we follow these opportunities, it's taking us a little bit more in that direction, which, of course, we like financially anyway.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just last quick one in terms of the Cuprum acquisition, the multiple you guys paid 13x. The announcement this morning from Met, they're acquiring a similar business for 10.5x. So just curious why the price that kind of you pay, is it the assets to a participant where you think there's better growth on the voluntary side? A little color would be helpful.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, it's a very good question, Chris. I'll make a couple of comments. Luis may want to add some things. First of all, I think that you would have to be a little careful of evaluating the sort of initial financials that come out in a transaction like this. There's some confusion, I think, about the multiples because there's a piece of the company actually owned by BBVA directly. There's a piece that they control through ADRs. So there's going to be -- I think it's going to take a little while before we ultimately know what that multiple looks like. I will tell you, based on kind of our own calculations, we think the multiples, both on their transaction and our transaction are in that kind of 11x to 12x PE range. So I think by the time all the dust settles, we'll find those are very comparable PEs. If they are comparable PEs, I would still argue that our Cuprum acquisition represents better value. And the primary reason for that is that 2 things. First of all, the average AUM per contributor is much, much higher in Cuprum, and Luis may be able to give you some detail on that. And the other thing is that the real opportunity in Chile, the real opportunity and the growth opportunity in the future is really on the voluntary side. So one of the things that you want to look at very carefully in evaluating an acquisition there is how many of the contributors are eligible for additional voluntary. And so in the case of the industry overall, that's about 50% of the contributors. But in the case of Cuprum, our acquisition, about 70% of those contributors are eligible for voluntary contribution. So that's really the growth opportunity and the longer-term opportunity in the AFP business. So I think there's really no question that sort of pound-for-pound and strategically, Cuprum represents better value than Provida, which is a well-respected AFP, but is more of a middle income, lower middle income, whereas ours is more of a middle income and affluent sort of segment. So Luis, any comment?
Luis Valdez: As Larry mentioned, our preliminary analysis about this transaction is confirming our evaluations for this business in Latin America, in particular in Chile. As Larry mentioned, you could see some differences between Cuprum and Provida. But all in all, we are very clear that we have the right valuation for our acquisitions. And again, we are very clear that Cuprum was a very good acquisition for us and we're very happy about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: When I think about the strong operating results that you showed in the fourth quarter and I look at the assumptions baked into your 2013 outlook, and I think the S&P 500 has performed better than is baked in there, and at least 10-year treasury yields are higher. Should we not think of the outlook as being conservative now at this point?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sean, this is Larry. Well, we all know that a quarter's a quarter. So it's certainly true that the macroeconomic conditions, Sean, that have been in place since our earnings driver call have been more favorable, the macroeconomic events have been more favorable than would have been implied in our earnings drivers. So I accept the premise of the question. I think we'll just have to see, however, because we obviously don't do quarterly guidance. We don't even really do annual guidance. We do guidance on earnings drivers. So I think we'll just have to see as we go forward into 2013 whether those macroeconomic events sort of stay in a favorable mode and may even ultimately become tailwinds as compared to the latter part in 2011 and most of 2012 when the macroeconomic event -- factors were really headwinds. So perhaps some reason for optimism, but it's still very early.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Got it and one follow-up. You said that you are going to close the Cuprum acquisition next week, and you got the shares tendered from Penta. But I thought I saw something in the news about the Chilean regulators having a concern with the tender process. Can you just maybe give us an update on what that concern was and if that's taken care of?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure, I'll have Luis comment, Sean. But again, just to be clear, the tender offer process has been completed. It's been completed successfully, and we do have in hand all the approvals from the pensions regulator. So our intent will be to complete this transaction. We're estimating right now on February 4. So Luis, anything to add?
Luis Valdez: No concerns particularly about the tender offer in particular. The regulator was asking to -- us to clarify certain aspects in the article within our prospect related with expenses mainly, but no concerns in particular. Those items were pretty clarified and the tender offer was declared a very successful one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I wanted to kind of jump to the couple of laws and policy items. One, Larry, you mentioned the S&L deregistrations kind of not affecting the bank performance. But I was wondering if we get a little more color on kind of what that looks like on the ground. And then the other question I have is just around DRD. We're right ahead of the budget that comes out in a couple of weeks or 3 weeks. I mean, any thoughts on how DRD might change with the upcoming budget?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Randy, maybe a couple of comments. I'm not completely sure that I caught the gist of the first question on the S&L deregistration. I think that again, we continue to pursue that. As I said in my comments, we think it will take several months, but we don't -- we haven't seen anything so far that would cause us to think this is proceeding in any way different than we would have expected. It does appear that while there's still actually very few deregistrations that have been completed, it seems like a time frame in sort of the 6- to 9-month period sort of end to end, seems kind of reasonable. But I will also say if you've seen one deregistration process, you've seen one deregistration process because they really are all a little bit different because the entities may want to offer some banking products, maybe not others, another deregistration may not want to offer any at all. So they really are different. But again, I would just say that the discussions have been very, very constructive. I think the right questions are being asked and the right answers are being given and the process is moving forward. So we'll continue to keep you updated on that one, but again, everything is moving as we expect. On the DRD issue, I mean, there is a DRD tax benefit for an obvious reason to avoid double taxation. If we -- I think the only basis on which DRD gets changed, Randy, I think is if there's a broader corporate tax reform that happens in this country. And I would say while in the latter part of 2011 as I make my frequent trips to Washington, D.C. and listen to decision makers there, I might have had some hope in the latter part of 2011 that there actually might have been some corporate tax reform. But I will tell you that as I listen to the dialogue today post the election, I would say my view that the probability of corporate tax reform is going down and is going down fairly substantially. So I'm not expecting and we're not expecting necessarily any significant change in DRD unless a broader corporate tax reform happens. So that's about the best I can tell you on that one.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: No, understood and we agree on that. I guess on the bank -- sorry, if I was vague in my question, but we assume some level of operating earnings from the bank and it's not a huge part of the business. But I mean, I guess so far, that process is not affecting how the business is operating or is it too early to tell?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct, yes. So the bank earns about $8 million a quarter, and it's a little bit too early to tell as to how that might change. I think if we have -- if we're able to accomplish all the things that we want to accomplish with the deregistration, which would still allow us to offer some level of banking products, maybe not the full suite we have today, it could impact that number a little bit. But again, relative to total complex, it's not going to be significant. I hope that helps.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes, it does.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: There seems to be a changing dynamic, you discussed it in detail in your 401(k) business, where asset growth seems to be slowing but meaning you're getting very strong net flows. But because those strong net flows are fairly stable and against a growing asset base, the rate of growth, while still positive, is slowing. It seems, too, that you're changing the nature of -- you're trying to change the nature of your customers in favor of customers who may give you more revenue. I don't know about the profitability but more revenue. There's so much going on here. I guess the first question would be this, maybe, Terry, could you go over exactly what you were saying about the outlook for sales in 2013 for flows and for revenues because those are 3 completely different ideas? And I just want to make sure, for starters, I understand that, sales, flows and revenues in FSA.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, go ahead Terry.
Terrance J. Lillis: Sure. Eric, this is Terry. What I said was that we're expecting sales for full service accumulation in 2013 to be a comparable asset level. However, the revenue that's going to be generated off those new sales should be at a higher level and then actually seeing double-digit growth in that revenue generated by those new sales. Why is that? Because as Larry mentioned, we're going to be focusing on and adding more resources to the smaller to midsize client, not necessarily moving away from the larger client. But as we do that, it will generate more revenue because we'll see more proprietary investment offerings. So as a result of that, there should be some additional profitability for the business.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And just to make -- I'm sorry, just to finish off a comment on the flows because you asked about flows. So -- well first, on a general statement, Eric, you're correct that obviously a growing block of business, it can become more difficult to maintain growth as a block gets bigger and bigger and bigger. Witness Apple as an example as a company. So we sort of all know that's true. In the case of flows, again, what we'd expect is that sales will be relatively flat. Likely what that means, Eric, is that flows would actually be down a little bit. Net flows will be down from $7 billion. Now just so as people don't overreact to that, recognize that $7 billion of flows in 2012 was over 6% of the beginning-of-period account value. And you'll remember that our long-term guidance has been 4% to 6%. So we are outside the high end of that particular range. So the fact that flows maybe a little less shouldn't necessarily be a concern. It's really more back in line with what our longer-term guidance had been. And then finally, you have the issue of revenues, which Terry said, will be increasing our annualized new sales or annualized revenue of new sales another 10% to 15%. So what's happening here basically is that the margin, if you will, on new business and the margin on existing business are now starting to compress and get very close together, which is what's going to stabilize the overall returns on full service accumulation going forward.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could ask just one follow-up and then we'll go on to the next caller. Since you don't -- I don't think you report out that portion of your new money coming in the door that is going to be managed by Jim's group. I don't think you do as opposed to by sub-advised relationships or full third parties, both sort of completely outsiders. We don't get that breakdown. I'm looking for a way to keep score on how you are doing with this effort to bring in more revenue-rich business? And I'm just wondering about the following: do you think that we should be tracking as a way to keep score the rate of growth of your revenues versus the rate of growth of your assets with the idea being that if in fact you are succeeding in taking in more revenue-rich products than in the past, that rate of growth of revenues should be higher than the rate of growth in assets, if you can follow my line of thought?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Absolutely, Eric, this is Larry. I absolutely follow line of thought and agree with -- conceptually agree with what you said. If you look at -- I think it's Page 27. We don't need to talk about it now. We need to move on but on 27 of our financial supplement, you can sort of track what we're talking about in terms of PGI's investments as a proportion of the full service accumulation platform. I would just say as a general comment on that, that percentage has been holding or increasing slightly. So PGI is managing about 55%, 56% -- I'm sorry. In total, the proprietary is about 66%, and PGI manages about 55 points of the 65 points. So we're doing well on that score. And the reason we've included the revenue in the script, we'll continue to do that or think about maybe adding that to the supplement.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Thank you for that reminder about Page 27. That's helpful.
James Patrick McCaughan: Then the page -- I mean Page 29 goes into detail that I think would answer exactly your question, Eric. This is Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you think about PGI's current capabilities? Where do you think you're best positioned? And maybe what asset classes do you think you still need to add to or increase capacity? I guess related to that, can you talk about how you think PGI's positioned if we do start to see a shift from fixed income to equities more broadly?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, and first of all, let me also say, welcome and we appreciate the coverage that you've picked up on us. So with that, I'll have Jim take your questions.
James Patrick McCaughan: With your last question, which is really what happens if the emphasis goes in customer demand from fixed income to equities. As you know, we've done really well in Principal Mutual Funds and full service accumulation, as well as Principal Global Investors from the investor focus on yield-biased assets. We have had very good flows into high yield into preferred securities and then the global diversified income fund that was launched in Principal Mutual Funds. So as you rightly indicate, our strength in fixed income has stood us in very good stead in the last 2 or 3 years as that's been what investors want. We have actually got some very competitive investment products and equities as well, and some were mentioned in the script with the MidCap Blend Fund, which is the same team manages the Blue Chip Fund, which is Large Cap Quality Growth. We have the equity income fund and the capital appreciation fund at Edge. So if the start -- if the bias in investor demand towards equities continues as it seems to have started in January, then we will be extremely well placed to capture that looking forward. On the broader question of how we're managing Principal's investment platform, it's very important nowadays to have really top-performing assets in various categories. And then equities, for example, I mentioned our capabilities managed by Principal Global Equities and by Edge, we also have some very high-quality capabilities at Columbus Circle and at Origin. Their performance is probably broadly second quartile [Audio Gap] with their very strong capabilities that will show well at times. So with those 4 groups, I think we're pretty well placed in equities. In real estate, we've been a leader for a long time. Our big thrust for future development there is likely be to be towards international real estate. We've already got a global client base, a very strong global client base for U.S. real estate. The gap in our product range is really managing a private real estate on an international basis. So we're quite happy there, but we have work to do on the international side. And by the way, that can be both organic and by acquisition. And then lastly on fixed income, as you know, we added to emerging market debt with the Finisterre acquisition. We've been developing very successfully emerging market debt within Principal Global Fixed Income. So I would say our suite of yield-biased assets is probably taking our fixed income and real estate together about the strongest in the industry. I feel pretty good about where we are, but clients will continue to demand strong investment across the board. So as well as adding for gaps, I think some further diversification in our investment capability will be important so that we can continue producing for our clients and for sales channels top-tier investments whatever happens.
Erik James Bass - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Perfect. And then just on that last point, it sounds like you expected that diversification to come both still organically as well as through potential additional M&A. Is that right?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, absolutely. I'll give you a specific example. We took our high-yield capabilities last year and developed short-duration high-yield products, which have gone very well with certain parts of the client base. That's the kind of organic diversification that needs to be done as well to satisfy changing client demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to look at the full service accumulation business from maybe others because -- so new sales were up $3.3 billion this quarter, which clear on an absolute basis is an impressive number. But if I look at it year-over-year, it seems like growth has slowed down a bit. I was hoping to get a little more color on why that was the case.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Yaron, this is Larry. The better metric really is to look at the sales over, I would say, I would recommend, a trailing 12-month basis. And of course, we're now at the point where we're calendar year over calendar year. So I think really the way to look at that would be to look at the whole year, which is $11.5 billion over $8.4 billion in 2011. Within the context of quarter-to-quarter, sales could be a little bit lumpy. So even though the fourth quarter sales 2012 were frankly just a bit higher, that wouldn't be the comparison because these things will kind of ebb and flow. In other words, there's not a lot of difference between having a 12/15 effective date, which is a sale in 1 year versus a 1/15 date, which is a sale on the following year. So you really need to get sort of a trailing 12 months. There's a lot of momentum behind the business. If we look at our pipelines, our pipelines continue to grow, and our close ratios actually continue to hold or get better. So we do have optimism going forward, albeit, as Terry has said I think both in his script and in some answers, what we're really focused on in 2013 is a combination of moving assets and moving net revenues. So it's going to be a balanced approach in 2013.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And then in terms of the increased focus on small mid-level accounts, can you remind us kind of what you would characterize as a small account?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, good question. We normally think about smaller plans as being sort of in the below -- plan assets below the sort of $100 million to $150 million range is normally what we would think of as kind of small- and medium-size plans. So these are -- oftentimes, they're startup and quite often, they have $5 million, $10 million, and midsize would get into the $50 million, $70 million range. But those would be plan assets. Again, about 70% of the business we write is a takeover plan so there are existing assets. So those are -- that's our notion of small and medium.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And do you think about it in headcount numbers as well or is it just assets?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, we actually would probably think about it more in terms of assets per participant. So I mean that would really be the way we think about it. There are plans that have very large headcounts, and some competitors will go after those because they are a large headcount. But as we know in this business, Yaron, what really drives the business is the combination of revenue and profitability and revenue is, for the most part, revenue is tied to assets.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. I guess what I'm getting at here is I've seen the headlines over the potential impact of the health care reform on companies keeping headcount low below 50. I was just curious if that would have any impact on either growth trajectory or plans?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I mean, frankly, I hadn't sort of extrapolated that into the whole equation, to be honest with you. I don't -- I think, really, as long as payrolls continue and salaries continue to sort of hold in at the level they are, as long as we don't get back to a 2008, '09 where you were seeing significant reduction in compensation in an attempt to save expenses. So as long as salaries continue to hold steady and merit increases continue to be given, those are all favorable trends for our business.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yaron, this is Terry. One of the metrics that we look at is the movement in the recurring deposits to get to that point. Pre-financial crisis, we saw a significant increase year-over-year in recurring deposits due in large part due to salary increases, deferral increases, participation increases as well as employment increases. Now we're seeing some of those deferral increases, the participation, the new contracts coming on generating that. But we're not seeing a lot of additional movement inside an existing plan in terms of new employees. Now in order for us to get a quantum leap in that recurring deposits, you'll see when employment comes back, you'll see that increase occur there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Larry, overall, obviously, it seems like it's actually a pretty strong quarter. A couple of points that I thought were a little weak, FSA margins came lower especially if you adjust for the DRD whether you look at it on a return on net revenue or ROA basis. And then PGI flows were a little light. You mentioned the Origin issue, but there's also the restructuring of the emerging markets' teams so do you expect an ongoing -- any ongoing weakness because of that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry. On the point about FSA margins, what I would say on that, and I've said this many, many, many times, is I think it's important not to take a period that's going to be as short as a calendar quarter and try to sort of annualize or divine some inflection point in that. I think the key thing here is that we are adding more revenue per dollar of new sales, we are compressing the revenue rates between the existing book and the new sales book, and that is going to stabilize those margins and move in to that range that we talked about over the long term. So I feel very, very good about where we are with our strategy around margins for that particular business. And I'll let Jim make a few comments on the emerging market restructure and how well that's gone because it's actually a positive point.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, the emerging market restructure led -- some clients obviously are unsettled by any change, and it led to outflows in the order of about $1 billion during the fourth quarter. Obviously, that was offset against the PGI levels some very robust inflows elsewhere. I would characterize the emerging market restructure as firstly, we have managed by recruiting people that know our strategy and have been with us in the past and have followed us closely. We've managed to put a very solid team together that actually is as experienced as it ever was before. And we've been around all of the big clients quite intensively because you obviously communicate very closely on any changes. And I would observe as far as we can see that they're pretty rock solid and actually very encouraging of those in terms of the way we're evolving that process. So we feel we're in a very good situation. Basically, we were very proactive in terms of communication and remain very close to clients and distributors. And I think basically, the $1 billion outflow was a short 10% of the assets managed by that group, and basically it was a fourth quarter event. We're not expecting any material amount going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And Jimmy, this is Larry. I would just make 2 quick additional points, data points. I said in my comments that PGI was recognized by Pensions & Investments as the top place for larger money management firms. It's interesting to note that the primary determinant of that award is based on employee input from PGI. So I think that should give you good insight and comfort about how the broad group of PGI employees feel about both PGI and Principal. And the second thing I would say and Jim's a little bit humble on this one -- the second thing I would say is in the restructured emerging market team, there were actually 2 employees who formerly worked at PGI who came back, who left and came back to PGI as part of the emerging markets' restructure. And I would venture to say you'll find very few instances in the asset management business where people would hold up their hand and ask to return to come back to the place they worked previously. So those are very strong proof points for PGI's capabilities going forward.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And not sort of dance on the call, but the Edward Jones partnership seems like it's gone pretty well so far. But maybe if you talk about it, if it's fully ramped up already or do you expect to further pick up in contribution from that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry. The Edward Jones relationship has gone very well. I think that the buildup of the pipeline to, let's just say, any given level but typically, we think in terms of $1 billion, is faster in the Edward Jones relationship and ramp-up than anything we had seen previously. Although I think in fairness, it reflects the fact that Principal really is a marquee name among financial advisers for either mutual funds or retirement plans. So that relationship's going very well and it is part of the contribution toward the increase in plan count of 1,250 in 2012. So we're very excited about that going forward.
Operator: We reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'd just again like to thank everybody for joining today's call. We're pleased with our very strong finish to 2012, and we think that the continued momentum of our businesses makes us optimistic going into 2013, although we know there will be continued macroeconomic pressure. As we prepare to complete our Cuprum acquisition on Monday, we look forward to creating a best-in-class retirement platform in Chile and in other key markets in Latin America. We continue to believe that our fee-based business model gives us greater financial flexibility and the ability to create long-term shareholder value through capital deployment, as was demonstrated with our increase in common stock dividend announced last night. So thanks again, everybody, for listening. I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the days ahead. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, February 8, 2013. The access code for the replay is 83659918. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers, or (404) 537-3406 for international callers. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services James Patrick McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc. 
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter Earnings Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now before I turn the call over to Larry, I would like to announce that on November 27, we will have our 2013 revenue drivers and outlook call and give an update on our capital deployment strategy. We'll provide more details as the event gets closer. While we will not provide specific EPS guidance, we will discuss revenue growth rates and revenue margins for each of the businesses. This will provide greater clarity of earnings growth by business unit in 2013. Larry?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I will briefly discuss third quarter results. Next, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, including comments about our recent announcement of the Cuprum acquisition in Chile, then I'll close with some comments on capital deployment. As John mentioned, we provided slides related to today's call. Slide 4 outlines the themes for the quarter. As we reported yesterday and estimated at Investor Day, third quarter operating earnings were negatively impacted by $91 million from our actuarial assumption review. As a result of this review, we lowered our long-term interest rate assumption and updated other model assumptions. Terry will discuss these in more detail. Normalizing for this, third quarter total company operating earnings per share are solid, up 10% compared to the year-ago quarter despite persistent headwinds created by pressure on fees and continued low interest rates. Net income for the quarter was strong due to a net gain resulting from the merger of Catalyst Health and our sale of the shares we received as a result of the merger, as well as a continuation of improved credit losses. This contributes to continuing financial flexibility in this challenging economy. Total company assets under management were a record $392 billion, driven by total company year-to-date net cash flows of $25 billion. We continue to see outstanding growth across our businesses, with strong sales and client retention. Our ability to win and retain business is driven by strong investment performance, best-in-class solutions, as well as a distribution model that is a key differentiator for us as we discussed at Investor Day. Key growth metrics from the quarter include: full service accumulation sales were $2.7 billion, almost double third quarter 2011 sales; net cash flows of $1.6 billion are more than triple from the year-ago quarter; Principal funds had record sales of $4.5 billion and record net cash flows of $2.5 billion; Principal Global Investors had record unaffiliated assets under management of $98 billion and unaffiliated net cash flows were $2.2 billion, nearly double third quarter 2011 net cash flows; Principal International reported record assets under management of $66 billion, up 21% over the year-ago quarter and record net cash flows of $2.7 billion. All of our Principal International operating companies had positive net cash flows in the third quarter with increased momentum in Asia. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, Individual Life sales of $48 million increased 17% over third quarter 2011, with 53% of sales from the business market. Specialty benefits premium and fees grew 5% to $361 million over the year-ago quarter. The continued strength in the fundamentals of our business is driving this growth, which leads to higher net revenues and ultimately, higher total company operating earnings. We remain confident about the continued momentum in our businesses despite the continuing challenges of the macro environment. Now let me provide some comments on the ongoing implementation of our strategy. As we discussed at Investor Day, we've been executing our investment management leadership strategy for more than a decade. The company is positioned for long-term growth by capitalizing on opportunities created by global trends such as aging populations, growth of the middle class in emerging markets and financially constrained governments. We've demonstrated an accelerated ability to execute our strategy since the financial crisis. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of Cuprum, the premier mandatory pension provider in Chile, which perfectly complements our existing voluntary savings and payout business in Chile so that we can provide a truly integrated set of solutions to our expanded customer base from hire through retire. Cuprum's customer base consists primarily of upper middle class consumers, making them more likely to add voluntary solutions to their current mandatory retirement plan. With the mandatory and voluntary markets expected to continue double-digit growth, this strategic acquisition strongly positions us in Chile and, combined with our business in Brazil and Mexico, makes us one of the largest retirement providers in Latin America. On a pro forma basis, the acquisition will result in Principal International contributing 23% of operating earnings, and 63% of company earnings will be fee-based. Our strong capital position and financial flexibility of our fee-based businesses allowed us to do this immediately accretive strategic acquisition and strengthens our position in emerging markets. Additionally, the low interest rate environment and the strength of our balance sheet provide us an attractive opportunity to finance this acquisition. As we note on Slide 5, this acquisition is the sixth such transaction since 2010, all done to improve our competitive position in the faster-growing emerging markets and in global investment management. Additionally, it's important to note that for all of these transactions, we either source the deal ourselves or we were involved in a process with a very small set of possible acquirers. What these transactions signify is that the Principal has become an acquirer of choice within our businesses because of our recognized expertise and our ability to execute. We truly believe this is an effective way to create strategically compelling and accretive opportunities, and we plan to execute similar deals over time. I'll quickly comment on other examples of execution. In full service accumulation, we continue to focus on key distribution relationships, especially with Allianz partners and third-party administrators. Our combination of proprietary and third-party distribution gives us premier access to the small- to medium-size business market, which has higher net revenue. We can extend these relationships to employees of these businesses to provide additional products they need through retirement. Investment performance, which is the best leading indicator for growth of our retirement and investment management businesses, remains strong as noted on Slide 6. Demand continues to grow for our full suite of investment solutions that help clients solve for needs. As further demonstration of our expanding global footprint and position as a global investment management leader, Principal Global Investors was awarded $150 million of QFII capacity in China in the third quarter. Additionally, Principal International announced last week the launch of a wholly-owned subsidiary in India named Principal Retirement Advisors. This launch positions us as the retirement expert in this emerging market. Our strategy is to develop relationships with financial advisors to help the growing middle class establish their own retirement and long-term savings solutions. As these examples show, we are in the right markets at the right time with the right solutions and the right distribution model. Now I'll close with some comments on capital management. Following the announcement of the Cuprum acquisition, so far, in 2012, we have committed more than $2.1 billion of capital on common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchase. The increasing amounts of deployable capital provided by our fee-based business model allows us to return greater amounts of capital to shareholders by increasing our dividend payout ratio over time. In the third quarter, we announced and paid a $0.21 common stock dividend, up from $0.18 in the second quarter. Additionally, as we announced last night, we will pay a $0.21 common stock dividend in the fourth quarter. This brings our full year common stock dividend to $0.78, up 11% over 2011, demonstrating our commitment to providing long-term value to shareholders and our confidence in the strength of our businesses going forward. We'll also continue to invest in business growth through strategic acquisitions. While we don't anticipate a near-term deal similar in size to Cuprum, there is an active pipeline of strategic opportunities that we'll continue to explore. Of the $300-million total share repurchase authorizations announced in 2012, we have $42 million remaining at the end of the third quarter. Year-to-date, we reduced our share count 6%. This will provide a nice tailwind to our ability to grow earnings per share heading into 2013. We will continue to consider opportunistic share repurchase as one part of our capital deployment plan going forward. In closing, I believe we have the most strategically aligned set of businesses of anyone in the financial services industry. And our investment management plus model with strong ongoing execution continues to position us as a global investment manager focused on building long-term value for shareholders. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As Larry mentioned, normalized third quarter earnings were solid. This morning, I'll focus my comments on: operating earnings and the impact of our actuarial assumption review; net income, including continued solid performance in the investment portfolio; and the strength of our capital position and balance sheet. Looking at Slide 7, you'll see the impact of our actuarial assumption review had on our third quarter operating earnings. In addition to lowering our long-term interest rate assumption by 50 basis points, we updated assumptions around lapses and deposits and made other model enhancements. Combined, these changes reduced total company operating earnings by $91 million or approximately $0.30 per share. This was slightly higher than our estimated range communicated at Investor Day, primarily due to finalization of our Individual Life and Principal International reviews. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2012 earnings per share were up 10% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting strong execution. Additionally, adjusted return on equity excluding other comprehensive income was 10.2%. Looking forward, we expect 50 to 80 basis points of annual return on equity accretion. In addition, we should benefit from Cuprum once it is fully integrated. Now I'll discuss business unit results. Slide 8 is the same shown in Investor Days. It summarizes the revenue metrics we use for each of our businesses. And as John mentioned, these will provide greater clarity for earnings growth by business unit going forward. Turning to Slide 9 on Retirement and Investor Services, our accumulation businesses had net revenue growth of 9%. On an adjusted basis, operating earnings grew 11% in third quarter 2012 compared to the year-ago quarter. Strong growth in account values was driven by positive net cash flows and asset appreciation. This helped grow net revenues but was partially offset by continued pressure on fees. For full year 2012, we expect Retirement Investor Service accumulation businesses' net revenue to grow between 4% and 6%. Full service accumulation adjusted operating earnings of $75 million were up 8% over the year-ago quarter on 6% growth in net revenue. Pretax return on net revenue is 29% on a trailing 12-month basis. The underlying fundamentals within full service accumulation continue to be strong. The sales pipeline continues to build, and close ratios continue to improve. In addition, recurring deposits are up 9% year-to-date, reflecting growth in eligible participants due to strong sales and retention, as well as success of our worksite counselors in increasing participation and deferral rates. Year-to-date 2012 full service accumulation sales at $8.2 billion were up 58% over 2011. Because 2011 sales were more back-end loaded, we now expect full year 2012 sales to be up more than 30% over 2011. Given the robust sales growth in 2012, we expect future sales growth to be less than our historical averages. However, we expect to drive higher net revenue growth as we put greater focus on the small- to medium-size business market, which drives a higher percentage of proprietary asset management. Operating earnings for Principal Funds at $13 million were up 7% from the year-ago quarter on 13% increase in revenue, reflecting current-period sales expenses. Results included record sales of $4.5 billion and record net cash flows of $2.5 billion, reflecting strong investment performance and high demand across multiple strategies, including global diversified income fund, preferred securities, MidCap Blend Funds, high yield and our target-risk funds. Slide 10 covers the guaranteed businesses within Retirement and Investor Services. Guaranteed net revenue and operating earnings were flat in the third quarter as we continue to approach this business opportunistically. For example, in the third quarter, the $500-million pension closeout sale announced on the second quarter earnings call, funded. Our financial strength and reputation as a proven provider has enabled us to compete for this business, which generates attractive returns. Turning to Principal Global Investors, Slide 11 shows earnings and revenues grew 8% over the year-ago quarter, reflecting our investment for growth. Investment performance remains competitive. This drove strong unaffiliated net cash flows of $2.2 billion into a variety of asset classes including preferred, high yield, currency, stable value and equities, leading to a record unaffiliated assets under management of $98 billion. Looking at Principal International on Slide 12, third quarter 2012 operating earnings of $29.5 million were dampened by $11.5 million due to the actuarial assumption review this quarter. In our Mexican AFORE product, lapse rates are down noticeably from recent history, but we expect near-term lapse rates to be higher than previously assumed. More importantly, we continue to gain market share, particularly in the more desirable high-amount and high-contributing accounts. Combined net revenue growth was flat compared to the year-ago quarter, though it's up 18% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency headwinds are masking double-digit growth in the member companies on a local level. We continue to expect long-term operating earnings growth of 15% to 20% in Principal International. Turning to Individual Life, Slide 13 illustrates third quarter 2012 adjusted premium and fees are down 2% compared to 2011 due to a targeted decrease in single premium sales. Third quarter 2012 operating earnings were down $66 million, of which $63 million was due to lowering our long-term interest rate assumption by 50 basis points and model enhancements. Additionally, operating earnings were down $3 million from the year-ago quarter, reflecting continued impact of the low interest rate environment. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted pretax operating margin at 18% is in our targeted long-term range of 16% to 21%. We expect to be at the low end of this range as long as the low interest rate environment persists. Slide 14 highlights Specialty Benefits' premium and fee growth of 5%, a solid result given continued pressure on employment levels. Third quarter 2012 adjusted operating earnings at $18 million were down $3 million from the third quarter 2011. This was primarily driven by the higher group disability claims in the quarter, which we consider to be normal quarterly volatility. Overall loss ratios for the year continued to be in our targeted range. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax operating margins of 9% is in line with our long-term expectations of 8% to 12%. The corporate segment reported an operating loss of $31 million, right in line with our expected quarterly results of $30 million to $35 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $180 million. Third quarter benefited from a net gain resulting from the merger of Catalyst Health and our sale of the shares we received as a result of the merger. After tax credit-related losses remain steady at $38 million. Our investment-related losses continue to be in line or better than our loss projections and better than market expectations, reflecting sustainable recovery in commercial real estate. Slide 15 explains near-term impacts we experienced on our earnings growth. As long as pressure on fees and the low interest rate environment persists, we expect normalized total company operating earnings to grow 6% to 8%. With a lower share count in 2012, we expect normalized earnings per share growth to remain in our expected 11% to 13% range. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimate our third quarter risk-based capital ratio to be 440%. Relative to a 350 RBC ratio, we have approximately $2.2 billion of total excess capital, up from $1.5 billion in second quarter, primarily due to our September $600-million debt issuance. The $1.5-billion purchase price for Cuprum will be met by using $1 billion of current excess capital in addition to approximately $500 million of assumed and yet-to-be-issued debt. Cuprum is expected to close in first quarter 2013. As Larry noted, the evolution of our business model means that we now have 60% to 65% of earnings coming from less capital intensive fee-based businesses that have limited or no guarantees associated with them. This will allow us to continue a pattern of increasing our dividend payout ratio year-over-year. As outlined on Slide 16, so far in 2012 we've allocated $2.1 billion of capital for common stock dividends, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchase. We announced our fourth quarter common stock dividend of $0.21 payable on December 28. Additionally, year-to-date, we have repurchased 9.9 million shares worth approximately $260 million. Looking ahead to 2013, we again expect to deploy capital with a commitment to increasing long-term value for shareholders. In closing, we're very pleased with the continued growth and momentum of our businesses. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question for you, just in terms of the guidance and I guess the decision to kind of poll the EPS guidance, and I'm just curious why the decision. Because I think, historically, you guys had a pretty strong track record of kind of landing almost right in the middle of kind of the guidance range that you guys have provided.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, this is Larry. I appreciate your comment. Actually, a couple of things about that. First of all, of course we've continued -- as we did on Investor Day, we continue to reiterate, if you will, our guidance, but our view that our EPS growth over the long term should remain at 11% to 13% range. So I would sort of start with that. Second thing I would say is that we actually believe that what we are planning to do and sort of have been doing but plan to do in our call on November 27 with providing you better insight on revenue growth and margin expectations, is actually going to allow you to do a better job of sort of forecasting what the earnings and growth rate in earnings is going to be for each of the businesses. So I'd argue it's actually more valuable to sort of get slightly more granular and get down to the business level, rather than just having us throw sort of one macro number out there that would be an overall company EPS, because I think it's really more important and helpful to understand the trends within each business. And so that's why we've gone to this approach.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. That's helpful. And then Terry, you had mentioned the pension closeout transaction and talked about targeted returns there being attractive. Could you maybe quantify what the return target is there? And then we've seen a number of big pension kind of risk transfer deals out there. I'm curious on your capacity to do those and how big of a player you're willing to be in that space.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Christ, this is Larry. I'll turn it over to Terry for the return comment. I just want to make a quick comment on sort of how we think about that from an overall capacity and capital usage, et cetera. First of all, we've been in this business for 70 years. So this is a business that we know extremely well. Of course it's a business that has been fairly dormant up until lately because it tends to be inversely correlated to interest rates. So when interest rates are low, there tends to be not a lot of that business written. We may be in a period of that starting to change a little bit. Our focus for the business is, for the most part, going to be on smaller placements where we can get the kind of returns that Terry is going to talk about in a second. I would say the third quarter sale, $525 million, was a little bit unusual for us, and you probably wouldn't see us write much more than about $1 billion a year of that kind of business. So I hope that kind of helps frame it, and I'll let Terry talk about returns.
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Chris. This is Terry. As you look at that business, it's -- not only will it be reported on our full service payout line, but it will also get some benefit in our global asset management as well. So we have to look at the return on both basis. However, what you'll see in the earnings will show up in full service payout predominantly. Long term, we're not expecting this to be dilutive to our long-term ROE. This business will probably put on in that -- mid-teen range is what we're looking at. It will vary by the size of the business, and we don't think that it's a drag on the business. We do see that this is a very good diversifier of earnings for us as well. So we're real pleased with this type of business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joanne Smith from Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: I was wondering if maybe Dan could talk a little bit about the various segments of the market for the full service accumulation business and just talk about -- because I've noticed that recurring deposits were up nicely in the quarter, and I'm just wondering where are you seeing the best recovery there and what you think you're going to see going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay. Dan, go ahead.
Daniel J. Houston: So a couple of comments. The good news about the third quarter is the sales were actually split very nicely across what we think of is the emerging market, which is less than $5 million. And then we have what we call dynamic, which is kind of that $5 million to $50 million. And then what we call institutional is greater than $50 million. We really have had and enjoyed good traction and growth in all 3 of those segments, which is a very deliberate strategy for a variety of different reasons. It certainly helps us improve some of the return on asset metrics. It also helps drive our net revenue, growth rates, which you saw expressed in the third quarter results. On the smaller-sized plans, we generally can get a larger percentage of the assets and proprietary investment options. And with Jim's investment performance as of late, we've been able to drive more of those assets into our proprietary options. And the good news there is it's not just the fixed income options, it's equities, it's asset allocation. So it's across the board. TRS continues to be the best solution that we have out there. It still captures about 60% of the business. The TPA strategy, and we've talked about it on this call on many occasions, continues to grow, administering a lot of those smaller plans. And again, we've reiterated, I've reiterated again today, we think the TPA business is just as profitable as the others. So hopefully that helps give you a flavor for the market today.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Dan, I was really looking to see where you're seeing the best recovery in recurring deposits. Because that has been weak off -- pretty much since the financial crisis, and that's kind of key to the overall assets under management growth going forward. So where are we seeing it? Are you seeing it in the smallest plans? The largest plans?
Daniel J. Houston: It's across the board. So that 9% increase that was thrown out during the prepared comments is across all of those segments, small, medium as well as large. There's still plenty of growth for improving on deferral percentages and improving in participation and certainly, contributions through increased salary deferrals and bonuses. And frankly, if you're trying to calibrate it, we're probably half way back from the high-water mark of '07 in terms of those recurring deposits.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would just add a couple of comments, Joanne. I think this was now the 10th straight quarter we've seen an increase in the salary deferral rate. So we're now seeing salary deferrals that are getting into the very, very high 6%, almost 7% range. So that's going to be key. One of the real opportunities, I think, for us going forward is sort of the activity that we call retirement readiness, where I really think that the American workers now recognize, if they didn't understand it before, they recognize that it's on their shoulders to make sure that they're doing the right things to save for retirement. So for somebody that's as big a player as we are on 401(k) and has the local footprint to actually be in the worksite driving higher deferrals, driving higher participation, this is going to be a big advantage for us. So hopefully, what you're going to see is you're going to see that recurring deposit number continue to build. And a lot of that again is going to be based on the reality that I think people now understand they've got to secure their own retirement.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: And Larry or Dan, whoever wants to take this follow-up question, with respect to that, if you're getting an improvement in the recurring deposits and deferral rates, then should we not see over time some counterbalance to the pressure on fees? Because obviously, those assets are kind of -- come with no cost, so to speak.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. So just breaking down cost for just a second. Think about it being in 3 buckets. And again, some of those are account value-based. So commissions are based on account value, and so commission costs generally rise at the same rate as your account values. The asset management fees also follow that similar pattern, and so you have some higher cost there. The third bucket, which is comp and other, and that's where we've been quite careful in managing those expenses. And that's where we're going to get some of that additional margin expansion hopefully as we grow these assets. But you're right, Joanne, in the assumption that whether it's a profit [ph] contribution, increase in deferrals, increase in participation, a lot of that does fall to the bottom line. And we look forward to having that return.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner from FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: In regards to capital management, kind of a 2-part question there. One, your commitment to capital as you covered on the call is $2.1 billion in 2012. That's well ahead of kind of the initial target. And so kind of looking for the updated thought on that, maybe ahead of this November 27 call, you seem comfortable managing capital. And then the other angle I'd like you to cover, if you could, was savings and loan holding company status. It seems like you've been pretty comfortable there. It's been kind of a "getting to know you" period so far with the fed, but some other insurers have kind of exited that status. And so wondering how you're thinking about that and if that's going to have a relation with what you're going to plan for next year.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, Randy, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments on that. Obviously, the $2.1 billion that we've deployed or we've [ph] spoken for in 2012, we of course hadn't planned necessarily on having Cuprum, which is essentially $1.5 billion of that. And as you know, we plan to use about $400 million of excess capital in order to help finance that acquisition. So I think that our capital budget, if you will, is pretty well sort of spent when you take account of the announcement we made last night around the $0.21 share dividend. And I think it's important to sort of reiterate that $0.21 share because again, I believe that board decisions and management decisions around common stock dividends is the best single indicator you have about the strength of the businesses going forward. So going into 2013, again, I think that we need to slightly rebuild our excess capital levels, given that we'll use about $400 million for Cuprum. So we'll need to sort of build that back, which again we're roughly thinking is going to take us probably 2 quarters. So that's why we're sort of thinking, and we'll provide more insight at the November 27 call, we're probably thinking about being an opportunity to have greater amounts of capital to deploy to shareholders, probably in the back half in the continuation of the common stock dividend, and maybe a little bit of share repurchase to offset dilution. On savings and loan holding company, again, I would reiterate that -- as we have said before, I think our conversations continue to be constructive. If you think about the stress test that we all hear about and read about, if you think about the new supposed requirements, which are still very much in proposed stage, those are really things, Randy, that are going to be 2014 and 2015 events. So it's not going to have -- none of that should have a significant impact on our capital management strategy for 2013. Obviously, moving into 2013, one of the most important priorities we're going to have is to ultimately figure out a reconciliation for the savings on holding company and the fed and what impact, if any, it's going to have on our capital deployment strategy. So you'll hear us say more about that I think as we get into 2013. But again, at this point, it's really had no impact on us. And so we're actually very pleased with the relationship, and we're going to continue on work on that going forward.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I appreciate all that. One quick follow-up on the stress test. Is your expectation that it can be an RBC-based approach rather than a more bank-centric Tier 1 approach?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, as it was in the proposed stage, Randy, and again I know you're very familiar with this, but as it was in the proposed stage, I would say there were 2 things in there that were, I would say, question marks. I wouldn't say they were problematic. I just say they're question marks. One had to do with how they treat AOCI, accumulated other comprehensive income, and how they look at that from a standpoint of capital as AOCI goes up and down. The other one, which I think again reflects sort of bank-centric versus insurance-centric, has to do with separate accounts and the extent to which there are requirements for capital in separate accounts. In the insurance world, for the most part, separate accounts or fee-based businesses wouldn't require much, if any, capital against them. And that's certainly true for essentially all, not 100%, but for most of our separate accounts. So assuming we can get some reasonable resolution in those 2 areas, then I think they will have a set of requirements that could work for more insurance-centric organizations like Principal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz from Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, I want to concentrate on the disability issue in the quarter, maybe a deeper dive there. Maybe you could offer -- I realize we're only 3 weeks into the year, but maybe -- or into the quarter, excuse me, but maybe what's going on there so far through October?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay. We'll have Dan talk to that, Steve.
Daniel J. Houston: Overall is -- again, kind of just focused on the group disability line for just a second, we do think it's a bit of an anomaly and not a trend here. We did see an elevation in both incidents as well as severity. Loss ratio, roughly 80% -- 85.5%. Trailing 12 months would be closer to the 75%. And ideally, we'd like to see this number closer to 70%. So we did do a deep dive on this business and looked hard at occupation, diagnosis, plan types. And what we think we have here is just a situation of just normal volatility and would anticipate it straightens out. Also, remember that disability represents only about 20% of our overall SBD line of business as measured by operating earnings. And that when we kind of look at what's happened so far in the fourth quarter, we're maybe trending back towards a more normal run rate for loss ratios. Does that help?
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, it does, thank you. And then just -- that's really what I wanted to ask. But just one off, Larry, obviously you've felt it important to mention the new operation in India. Obviously a very, very big market. What does it do for you that your current operation in India will not?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Steve. What I would say is that the mutual fund industry in India -- with all due respect to Indian regulators, the mutual fund industry in India has been upside down for about 2 years now because the regulators, roughly 2 years ago, said that there would -- they would not allow any sort of front-end commissions in the mutual fund industry. And so the mutual fund sales, surprise, went down by about 90% overnight. So I think that the industry has been sort of searching for, if you will, an alternate strategy for how to drive mutual fund sales. And so we've done a lot of research, actual field research, that would seem to indicate that there is a subsegment of employers in India who sort of get it, that their employees are not going to be adequately prepared for retirement. There really is no particular system over there. There's no private system. There's really no public system. And so this is going to be an emerging area of concern, I think, for employers in India and employees in India. So our approach is to use the branding that we have as a global retirement leader to dialogue both with advisors as well as with some of the more global employers in India to try to educate them and ultimately convince them that by putting in place a sort of payroll deduction mutual fund platform, they can provide a valuable service to their employees and sort of help them begin to accumulate assets for retirement. So we're not sitting around anymore, kind of waiting for the regulators to ultimately put in place a more rational system. We think that the demand is already there, as evidenced through our research, and so we're going to go after it. And actually, we're pretty optimistic. It's going to take a while. It's not going to contribute a lot in the next year or 1.5 years, but it could make us a leader in a very big market over time.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Oh, that's very interesting. Is there a -- just as a follow-up, is there some type of tax advantage or tax deferral for retirement savings in India?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, it's just whatever the normal tax advantages would be relative to mutual funds. So mutual funds do enjoy some tax advantages, but there's nothing special, Steven, related to this particular platform. Again, think about it more like payroll deduct mutual funds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, I had a question just on the pipeline for the FSA business. I think in -- Larry, in your remarks you said that the comps are difficult and the sales will grow. But I was wondering what you -- like, would you still grow off of this base? Or is there a chance that the deposits will actually shrink next year? And then given how strong the market has been, I'm assuming that in the PGI business, you'll have performance fees in the fourth quarter. If you could talk about that as well?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, I'll have Dan comment on the first one. Jim can take the second one.
Daniel J. Houston: So pipeline still remains quite strong for the fourth quarter and for 2013. In the prepared comments, we mentioned a 30% growth for -- a projection for all of 2012, which I think you would agree is very strong. As we look at 2013, we would probably see something more in the lines of a single-digit growth rate, mid-single digit and a mix of that business being different. We're going to put more time and energy and resources across the small- to medium-sized market segment and again, manage that accordingly. But we feel very good about the pipeline, feel very good about 2013.
James Patrick McCaughan: On the incentive fees likely in the fourth quarter, Jimmy, it's true that the equity markets have been quite strong. But our incentive fees are on a number of areas, including currency funds, including some long/short emerging market debt funds. So we have a diversified portfolio of business that has performance-related fees. If we -- it's obviously very difficult to say what this will be at the year end since we're more than 2 months away from the year end. But if you were to draw the line around now, you'd have an increment to earnings somewhere north of $5 million in the fourth quarter, in the range of $5 million to $10 million incremental earnings from the performance fees. And that would place the operating earnings on the Principal Global Investors line in the upper half of the twenties for the fourth quarter, meaning that the whole year would have a significant increment over last year. Now I would caution though that, that really does depend on how we do in the fourth quarter and that nothing is baked yet. But the seasonality of PGI's earnings towards the fourth quarter continues to be quite marked.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just one last one for Larry, just thinking about your long-term earnings growth guidance of 10% to 12%. In the near term, you're expecting growth to be about 4 percentage points below that, 6% to 8%, and I think the 2 main things you've mentioned are low interest rates and pressure on fees. And obviously, rates could go in either direction. But the fee pressure, I'd assume, is probably -- it's been compounding over the last few years, so it's not going to reverse. Maybe it stabilizes. So what gives you the comfort that, over the next 1, 2, 3 years, you can get to 10% to 12% rate? Is it growth in the International? Is it something else? Or what do you really need? Rates to be a lot higher? And are you assuming that the fee pressure completely goes away before you return to that rate?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, those are -- there's a lot baked into there, Jimmy, so I'll try to do my best. But the first thing I would say, of course, is that that 6% to 8% doesn't really -- which again is an OE growth rate, not an EPS growth rate. Again, I know -- I think you were clear on that. So the 6% to 8% OE growth rate doesn't really take account of the Cuprum acquisition. Okay? So that was -- we mentioned the 6% to 8% at Investor Day, which was prior to when we had announced the Cuprum acquisition. So what's actually going to happen, assuming again we get a close sometime in the first quarter, is that we are going to get a bump. We're going to get a bump in OE, we're going to get a bump in ROE, and we're going to get a bump in EPS from Cuprum. So I think what the reality is, is that we'll have to kind of reset everything for all of you once we get sort of -- we get that deal closed, we get that deal integrated. We'll kind of have to reset all of it. I do think that your comments, generally speaking, about where is the delta for the 4%, the difference between 6% to 8% and 10% to 12%, where is that delta coming from, it is coming more from interest rates than it is coming from fee pressure. And we're not necessarily assuming the fee pressure goes away. I think, as you indicated, it's probably more reasonable to assume that it stays at about the level it is today. But as Dan commented earlier, really, our focus is going to be to try to drive -- change kind of the mix of business. So volume of sales will be the same. It'll grow. But the mix of business will be a little bit more towards the smaller and medium size. Or quite frankly, we can drive more proprietary assets. So again, interest rates are going to continue to be a headwind. Cuprum is going to help us. And I think by the time we get done -- we remain very confident in that 11% to 13% EPS as a growth rate over time. And maybe in the near term, it's going to come a little bit more from OE growth, a little less from share repurchase. And then when we get into the back half of '13 and '14, it'll be more normal -- a combination of OE growth and share repurchase. That's probably more than you wanted, but I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan from Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Following up on Jimmy's question about the interest rate pressure, what segments should we expect to see that? I assume Individual Life. But should we look at where the charges were taken in the third quarter as kind of a blueprint for where the interest rate pressure will show up the most?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I'll have Terry make some comments, Sean. This is Larry. First, good to hear from you. I think this might be the first time that you've gotten in the queue. So thanks for that, I appreciate your work. Yes, the short answer is that Individual Life and fixed deferred annuity are going to be the primary areas. If you look at fixed deferred annuities, for example, we write -- we have been writing business since '09 with a 1% guaranteed minimum interest rate. But there is still old business at a 3% rate, and that's about half the block today. The other half, which is at the 1% rate, still has about 40 basis points of cushion left in it. So that would also be an area where there will be an impact of lower interest rates beyond Individual Life. But Terry, anything you want to add?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, I do. Thank, Sean. Sean, you referenced the display that we've provided. For the rest of you on the call, on the website, we have a breakdown of the unlocking that we did this quarter on a line-by-line basis, as well as by line of business basis, which may be helpful to see as well. But as you say, though, the Individual Life line will be the one affected most by the low interest rate environment. Now the fixed annuity -- fixed deferred annuity portion of the individual annuities will also be impacted as well. But other than that, the impact of the low interest rate environment somewhat has an impact on the economy and the size of our clients as much as anything else. So it does affect all of our businesses. But predominantly, those 2.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: And one follow up. The Principal International segment has seen some pretty steady deposit and flow growth. Is that coming primarily from BrazilPrev? Or can you talk about what you're seeing in other markets?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, the good news -- I'll have Luis make some comments, Sean. The good news was, as we said in the comments at the start of the call, we actually had positive net cash flow in every Principal International operating company. So as a general comment, we've actually seen better sales and flows out of the Asian companies, along with continued strong flows in LatAm. But I'll let Luis give you a little more insight.
Luis Valdez: Sean, yes, you're right. And it used to be essentially BrazilPrev and Brazil a year ago. Right now, we have a much more diversified source of net customer cash flows, as Larry said. The main contributor and the main change that we can see this year is particularly Asia. Asia has been much more dynamic, particularly Southeast Asia. So the $2.7 billion that you could see in our last quarter in net customary cash flows, half of that is coming from Brazil, essentially. And the rest is a combination between Asia and our -- and the other operations in Latin America. But in particular, what Larry said, all our operations are having positive net customer cash flows in the third quarter of 2012.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Does that help, Sean?
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question, I wanted to follow-up on Randy's line questioning on the whole thrift regulation. Larry, you mentioned 2 question marks, AOCI and guaranteed separate accounts, and I get those. But I think the bigger issue in my mind was how they were treating some of the regulatory capital, specifically the authorized control level capital and sort of subtracting that from Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. And I know that this featured in the presentation that your company gave to, I think, the Chicago fed earlier this summer. So can we read from the fact that you didn't mention that as a question mark that you've received some sort of clarity on how they're going to approach that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, Suneet. I'm not aware of -- well, first of all, we haven't received any feedback on that. And the fact that I commented on AOCI and that I commented on guaranteed separate accounts is because I do think those are the 2 biggest levels. I don't remember exactly, I think that letter, Suneet, was like a 20-some page letter. So obviously, there's other stuff in there besides those 2. But I think those are really the 2 that I wanted to focus on.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I was actually referring to a presentation that you gave, but I can follow up later. My second question is, I kind of look at the quarter and I struggle here because if I go through the key highlights that you have in your press release, I think you used the word record 4 or 5 times. And I think there's very few companies in financials that are using that word in their releases. And then I look at, yes, the stock being down 3.5% today, and I look at companies like Ameriprise where they're not anywhere near records but they traded a much higher multiple on a price-to-book basis anyway. And so I guess what I struggle with, is should there be more of a balance between kind of near-term ROE and long-term ROE? I get a lot of what you're doing is for the long term, but I wonder if there should be maybe more of a focus on the short term? So I don't know if you have any comments on that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Sure, Suneet. This is Larry. So I mean, again, let's think about, if we just look sort of quarter-over-quarter and again stripping out the impact of the DAC, as you can see from our slides, our view is that our EPS is up 10% sort of quarter-over-quarter. Our view of the year, again setting aside for a moment the DAC noise, is that we'll be very much in the range of that 11% to 13% growth in EPS, 2012 over 2011. I would argue, in a year that continues to have all the sort of economic challenges and all the market challenges that we all know are out there, for us to be able to grow our EPS at 11% to 13% over 2011. And 2011 was a very good year for us and would indicate that we do have momentum, we do have strength and we do have growth both in earnings and in EPS for our businesses. There again remain this number of headwinds around FX, around low interest rates and other things and, in the absence of that, of course you would see even stronger performance, both on an OE and EPS basis. Beyond that, what I'd say is we want to balance out -- we're taking a very long term strategic approach here, Suneet. And so what we want to do is we want to balance out, we want to make sure we're meeting our long-term EPS goals. We do not want to disappoint investors. And I would argue, with our 11% to 13% EPS growth rate, we're right on track with everything that we've said to investors. And in addition to that, I think we're making some very important, very significant long term strategic investments that are going to have dividends -- that are going to pay dividends and create value for shareholders over the longer term. I've been -- this is now my 41st year in the organization. I've never seen us do the kind of strategic acquisitions, 6 of them in total, that we've been able to do since the financial crisis. And so as I said earlier, we're definitely going to take advantage of that. And if that means that we come off of OE growth rate a little bit or we come off a share repurchase, because we'd rather invest to buy premium properties like Cuprum or we'd rather buy great, emerging market managers like Origin and Finisterre, this management team and this board believes that's the right thing to do. And we'll see what happens over the next 2, 3, 4 years. But I'm absolutely convinced that companies that create the long-term value are companies that both focus on OE growth but also invest for the future. And so that's what we're going to continue to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from Dowling & Partners.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Following the Cuprum announcement, Moody's put out a release where they put you on a negative outlook. And within the text, they've suggested they may downgrade your ratings, depending on the amount of debt that you used to fund the deal. So I wanted to know if you still feel comfortable at this point with the original financing plan which includes $500 million of additional debt?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Ryan, this is Larry. I think the short answer to that is yes. But just to be sort of clear -- I was having actually a little bit of trouble hearing you, and so just to see if -- make sure that I'm clear here, what -- first of all, I'd say the rating agencies all responded in exactly the fashion that we would have expected as it relates to the Cuprum transaction. And so you would expect that they would go to a negative outlook pending the -- being able to see in 4 or 6 or 8 quarters kind of how the integration and the earnings flow from the Cuprum business. So I think they reacted in an absolutely proper way. We had great conversations with them. I think they get it strategically. And now it's a question of we'll have to demonstrate the earnings growth coming out of that. So again, I would expect that, that negative outlook will get reversed. In terms of the financing plan, the market remains very open, certainly open for companies like Principal that are perceived as very solid companies with a good balance sheet. And when we did our $600-million debt offering, we had -- that was oversubscribed by a significant amount, let's say 8X to 10X. So there is a lot of interest and appetite in our name. And so I don't think -- we don't expect at this point, we don't expect any issues in completing the financing here in the very near future.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. So there's really no pushback from the rating agencies on the actual financing plan itself?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: No. They're well aware of our plan, and we're proceeding right down the path and having -- continuing good conversations. Don't expect any issues there.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. And a follow-up on your comment on 2013 capital management. You said -- I think what you said was that there may be a little bit of share repurchase in the back half of 2013 to offset dilution? What dilution are you referring to? Just the issuance of employee stock?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. The issuance of employee stock, which typically happens for us in March of each year, Ryan.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg from RBC Capital.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: My question is for Dan. And I continue to be -- it has to do with the profitability issue that to me, at least, continues to loom large over your business. My question is this: Principal -- it's my sense that Principal moved away from the smaller and mid-sized market in the last 2 years precisely because it was -- sort of the secret was out, it was getting more competitive, there were more players in the business. So I have a 2-part question. By going back to the -- by refocusing on the smaller market now, what has happened? Is it that profitability has been restored in that market? And secondly, what other things do you plan? What are the other elements of your plan to try to improve or stop this margin squeeze in what is still Principal's largest business, representing 30% of earnings, 401(k)?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Eric, good to hear from you. I'll let Dan take those questions.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, good to hear from you, Eric. I think we would have to be careful and frank with the words I choose from time to time, because I've tried to stress that we balance it across the board, small, medium and large. And if you looked at large year-to-date, those over $50 million, it's about half those flows. And maybe it ought to be 60%, 40%. 60% on small to mid and 40% on large. So it's not in anyway trying to pull back but to effectively make a bigger investment, especially now that we have our TPA solution in place. It's working for us well. We have good, solid proprietary investment options. So I would say it's reinvigorating our focus on small- to mid-sized plans, also recognizing we added that ESOP capability. And it works really well. But as you know, it's very dilutive to the ROE measures. So we think the best way to go about rewarding shareholders is to see if we can't grow the return on net revenue and grow those net revenue fees for the small- to medium-size business. In terms of how -- what else are we doing here, Eric, it's around deploying our technology. We've got some pretty exciting stuff. We're using our presentations to advisors on the iPad. We are doing a lot online with our -- both our planned sponsors as well as our planned participants, and we'll look for continued efficiencies. But we've never abandoned that market. We think it's a great market. The one that you probably are -- the one I get concerned about is the, say, under 20 employees. Lots of turnover in that group. And again, that's very expensive business to have on the books for a short period of time and have it lapse. Hopefully that helps.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It does. Here is my one and only follow-up. You indicated a couple of times in this call that one of the reasons you like the smaller market is that you're able to use more principal funds in it, at least that's what I think I heard. I'm surprised. I would think that given the fact that mutual funds and mutual fund investing have become so much a part of life today in our country -- I mean, everybody in it seems to know about mutual funds. I mean, the paper everyday -- just given the public's broad knowledge of mutual funds and personal finance and all that, I would think that the demand for open architecture would be just as great in smaller companies as it is in larger companies. So how is it that you're able to get more principal funds into these smaller plans than in the larger ones?
Daniel J. Houston: So a good question to end on, Eric. In large part, it's because we've built that retirement investment services capability that allows us to go out and hire complementary managers to what we're doing at PGI, something we refer to as the foundation option. Small- to medium-size businesses advisors in many instances have the resources to do a good evaluation of the performance of managers. So our ability to combine that management capability among multi-manager, multi-style, multi-asset class yields a higher benefit to small- to medium-size employers than it might to the very largest employers where they could very well outsource that to a third party.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everybody for joining us for the call. Let me just close by reminding you of what John mentioned in the opening, which is our November 27 call where we'll discuss our outlook for our main business drivers going into 2013. Despite the headwinds, we continue to see strong momentum across our businesses, and our fundamentals remain solid. And our focus will be to stay with our investment management strategy and grow those fee-based businesses that gives us greater financial flexibility and the ability to create long-term value for shareholders through capital deployment. So thanks again to everybody for listening. Hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, November 2, 2012. 29872826 is the access code for replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for American and Canadian callers, or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc.  James Patrick McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Julia M. Lawler - Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer of Principal Life Insurance Company and Senior Vice President of Principal Life Insurance Company
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Second Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's second quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement, additional investment portfolio detail and slides related to today's call are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement, Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I'd like to take a quick moment to remind you of our upcoming Investor Day on September 21. We look forward to the opportunity to provide you an update on our strategy and long term growth opportunities, as well as a deep dive into our distribution strategy for each of our businesses. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll briefly discuss second quarter results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, then I'll close with some comments on M&A and capital deployment. As John mentioned, we've provided slides related to today's call. Slide 4 outlines the themes for the quarter. Second quarter saw a continuation of recent trends with strong momentum in sales and flows, while macroeconomic events impacted operating earnings. Despite a 6% decrease from the year ago quarter, second quarter total company operating earnings were solid at $216 million. Earnings per share were up 1% due to our share repurchases during the past year. The operating earnings result reflects persistent macroeconomic headwinds, including negative equity markets, low interest rates, strengthening of the U.S. dollar and stagnant job growth. We also had lower variable investment income in the first half of 2012 compared to the prior year period, which Terry will comment on. Despite these macroeconomic headwinds, the fundamentals of our business remain strong and we continue to see sales pipelines grow. We ended the quarter with record assets under management of $367 billion. Second quarter net cash flows were $7.3 billion, which are more than double second quarter 2011 net cash flows. And so far in 2012, we have over $15 billion in net cash flows. The sequential improvement in operating earnings demonstrates that we remained focused on execution as we strike the right balance between growth and profitability in this challenging environment. Our competitive position remains strong due to our innovative solutions, such as Total Retirement Suite for our retirement clients, voluntary benefit choices for our Specialty Benefits customers and outcome-oriented investment solutions for our mutual fund and institutional asset management clients. We also continue to deepen and strengthen our relationships with key distribution partners. Key growth metrics from the quarter include Full Service Accumulation sales of $2.3 billion, up 34% compared to second quarter 2011. Net cash flows of $1.9 billion were nearly double that of the year ago quarter and reflect not only great sales momentum but also excellent client retention and growth in recurring deposits. Principal Funds had sales of $3.4 billion, our second highest on record contributing to our second highest quarterly net cash flow on record at $1.1 billion. Principal Global Investors ended the quarter with unaffiliated assets under management of $92.3 billion, a 16% increase over the year ago quarter and unaffiliated net cash flows of $2.1 billion, a strong improvement over second quarter 2011. Reported record assets under management for Principal International were $60.3 billion, up 14% over the year ago quarter and net cash flows of $2.3 billion are up 28% over the same time last year despite foreign currency exchange rate pressures and lower inflation in the second quarter in Latin America which reduces investment income. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, Individual Life sales of $45 million were up 6% over second quarter 2011. Specialty benefits premium and fees grew 5% over the year ago quarter to $361 million. Our mix of businesses continues to shift with 65% of second quarter earnings coming from our fee-based businesses. This creates increasing amounts of deployable capital and increases financial flexibility due to the absence of long term equity or interest rate guarantees in this business. Now let me provide comments on the ongoing implementation of our strategy. Our strategy remains the same: To help businesses, individuals and institutional investors save for the long term, invest for growth and protect their assets. At our Investor Day in September, we'll provide greater detail about our investment management plus strategy and discuss how the synergies and interrelationships of our businesses provide an opportunity to be a long term value for our customers, advisers and shareholders, starting with Full Service Accumulation, our Total Retirement Suite platform, an advisor-centric model, position us as a retirement leader, and we continue to gain market share. As the baby-boomer generation continues to move towards retirement, we are focusing on all stages of retirement readiness, from hire through a retire. We are also seeing increased interest in retirement solutions, including payout annuities. Our year-to-date sales of income annuities is $160 million, nearly double the sales for all of 2011 and does not reflect a $500 million single premium annuity sold in third quarter. The growing demand and limited supply of proven providers for this business creates attractive returns for us. Principal Funds continues to drive strong sales due to demand for investment solutions designed to generate income in a near-0 interest rate world, limit volatility and hedge against inflation. We've had 10 straight quarters of positive net cash flows reflecting our success with many strategies across the platform. Investment performance, a key leading indicator for growth for our Retirement and Investment Management businesses continues to be strong overall in several key investment options, including equity income, large growth and diversified international. These strategies represent asset classes that advisers and clients focus on for retirement and retail solutions. In addition, our Principal Global Diversified Income Fund is now a MorningStar-rated 5-star fund. Principal Global Investors' multi-boutique strategy offers a nimble approach that allows us to meet the changing needs of institutional clients around the world. A recent report from CREATE-Research and Principal Global Investors identified investor appetite for a more dynamic approach to managing volatility and asset allocation. The study signaled that in prolonged periods of market turbulence, such as the current market, client demand for Principal Global Investors' multi-boutique and value-added strategies increases. Moving now to Principal International, we are strongly positioned in the emerging markets that continue to experience rapid growth in the middle-class income segment. The acquisition of Claritas, a leading Brazilian mutual fund and asset management company, was announced in the first quarter and closed in April. Entering the Brazilian mutual fund market has been a strategic priority for the Principal. This acquisition is off to a great start, including the launch of a real estate fund that raised $75 million in the second quarter. We anticipate that Claritas will expand beyond the retail mutual fund market to the institutional investor market as that develops over time. We continue to have traction in emerging markets in Asia as well. Last quarter, we announced that the Malaysian government approved a new employer-based defined contribution system and CIMB-Principal, our joint venture with CIMB was one of 8 companies approved to provide solutions in the new market, which begins later this year. Additionally, Principal won AsianInvestor Magazine's 2012 Investment Performance Award for Hong Kong Mandatory Pension Fund service providers. Providing risk protection continues to be a key strategic focus for the Principal. For our U.S. Insurance Solutions business, we continue to focus on the business market, with 54% of second quarter sales coming from our business owner and executive solutions market, along with nonqualified deferred compensation. For specialty benefits, we continue to see growing demand for voluntary solutions that plays to our employee enrollment and education capabilities. Now I'll close with some comments on capital management. We continue to actively deploy excess capital in the second quarter. In the first half of the year, we committed $475 million of excess capital for deployment. During the second quarter, we completed the February $100 million share repurchase authorization, announced the authorization of a $200 million share repurchase and paid $54 million in quarterly dividends to shareholders. We recognize the importance of a quarterly dividend to shareholders and anticipate a pattern of increasing our dividend payout ratio year-over-year as our earnings continue to shift towards fee-based earnings. We remain on track to deploy $800 million to $900 million of excess capital in 2012. We have an active M&A pipeline with opportunities that provide a strategic fit and complement our existing capabilities. However, we will continue to take a disciplined approach in evaluating these opportunities since we have a strong organic growth capability. As evidence of the significance of our fee-based earnings, we have recently done some analysis of our capital deployment for the last 4 quarters, relative to our insurance peer companies. Thanks to our growing fee-based businesses, we rank in the upper quartile of capital deployed to shareholders as a percentage of market capitalization. This is validation of our business model being shareholder friendly with increasing amounts of deployable capital. Excess capital at the end of the second quarter was $1.5 billion, a level that's been pretty consistent over the past year. We have indicated that we intend to hold a higher amount of capital and prior to the financial crisis, but we believe that we will still be reducing our excess capital levels by $300 million to $400 million over the next couple of years. In closing, the trends that have shaped our investment management strategy are now firmly in place around the world. While we expect ongoing volatility in the markets and macroeconomic headwinds from time to time, we remain optimistic about the long term growth potential of our strategy. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As Larry mentioned, second quarter earnings were solid and our growth metrics continued to show strong business fundamentals. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings and the impact from headwinds, net income including continued solid performance in the investment portfolio and the strength of our capital position and strong balance sheet. There are several factors that negatively impacted the year-to-date growth of our underlying businesses but I'm going to focus on 3. First, the first half of 2011 benefited from opportunistic real estate sales, which were not repeated in the second half of 2011 or in the first half of 2012. Second, the continued declining interest rate environment has resulted in increased accrued expenses in 2012 of our postretirement benefits, which we call security benefits. Third, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against Latin American currencies has had a negative impact on Principal International's operating earnings in 2012. Adjusting for these factors, year-to-date earnings increased 3% over the prior year on a 7% growth in average assets under management. Second quarter 2012 operating earnings of $216 million were down $13 million from a year ago quarter, reflecting these same factors. While we expect volatile equity markets, low interest rates and the foreign exchange headwinds to continue to impact 2012, our business fundamentals remain strong as we focus on what we can control. For example, Retirement and Investor Service Accumulation businesses continued to deliver strong sales, client retention and growth in recurring deposits, which will lead to market share gains and future earnings growth. Principal Global Investors will benefit from back-end loaded performance fees and lower expenses. Principal International is expected to continue its strong trends and long term growth despite unfavorable macroeconomics. U.S. Insurance Solutions should benefit from claims seasonality and continued stable loss ratios. And opportunistic real estate sales and expense management will benefit the entire organization. Now I'll discuss the business unit results. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $73 million were down $5 million, primarily due to pressure on fee growth. Pretax return on net revenue was 29% on a trailing 12-month basis. Let me make a few comments related to Full Service Accumulation margins. Slide 5 summarizes the leading factors impacting the trends in margins. These same trends are continuing in 2012. Year-to-date 2012 Full Service Accumulation net revenue is down 2% compared to year-to-date 2011 due to pressure on asset management fees and lower variable investment income. However, we now expect full year 2012 net revenue to grow between 2% to 4% based on an average S&P 500 index level of 1370. Additionally, we expect to maintain pretax return on net revenue of 30% to 32% for the full year because of improving market performance and variable income. Full Service Accumulation is a fee-based business that is focused on growing revenues, managing expenses and maintaining profit margins making return on revenue measures a better indicator of the financial performance of the business. The bottom of Slide 6 illustrates our stable track record of driving revenues to the bottom line even as customers' preferences migrate to different asset types. Return on revenue margins are a key focus for us. The underlying fundamentals within Full Service Accumulation continue to improve. Year-to-date, recurring deposits are growing. The sales pipeline continues to build across market sizes and distribution channels and close ratios continue to improve. We are actively executing on our strategy to win more business and gain market share. Second quarter 2012 Full Service Accumulation sales of $2.3 billion were strong and year-to-date sales were up 49% over the same period a year ago, whereas in 2011, sales and flows were more back-end loaded. In 2012, they're more front-end loaded. That said, we now expect sales growth of approximately 20% to 25% over 2011, and we expect net cash flows to be between 3% to 5% of beginning of year account values. Operating earnings for our Principal Funds at $12 million for the quarter were down $1 million compared to the year ago quarter. This was due to higher compensation and sales-related expenses as we invest in growing the business. Sales of $3.4 billion and net cash flow of $1.1 billion reflect strength across multiple strategies, including global diversified income fund, preferred securities, midcap blend fund, high yield and target risk allocations. Investment performance continues to be strong across asset classes and is a leading indicator of future sales and net cash flows. The strong performance includes particular strength in asset allocation, where at quarter end, 90% of our target date and target risk funds were ranked by MorningStar in the top half on a 1-year basis, 100% on a 3-year basis and 73% on a 5-year basis. Individual annuities operating earnings in second quarter 2012 were $25 million, down $5 million from a year ago quarter due to lower spread and higher DAC amortization. Normalized operating earnings are approximately $27 million, taking into account continued spread compression. Second quarter 2012 earnings for Principal Global Investors were $18 million, down $3 million from a year ago quarter on an 8% increase in average assets under management. With a focus on growing our global investment management leadership position, we added distribution and investment professionals across select boutiques, which has increased expenses compared to a year ago. Unaffiliated net cash flows for the quarter were $2.1 billion, driven by positive flows into a variety of asset classes, including currency, stable value, fixed income and real estate. The recent opening of our office in The Netherlands has already generated $158 million of mandates awarded, with $58 million of that funding in the second quarter. Our strategy to invest for the future is working. Moving to Principal International, operating earnings at $37 million were dampened by roughly $3 million due to one time acquisition expenses from closing to Claritas deal. The underlying growth of the companies on a local basis remains strong. The strengthening dollar has created a headwind of roughly 10% to U.S. dollar reported earnings, which we expect to continue into the second half of the year. As a reminder, our financial supplement now includes foreign exchange rate information used for financial reporting to help you better analyze the impact of exchange rates on Principal International. Individual Life second quarter operating earnings were $28 million, up $4 million from a year ago quarter due to better mortality experience in the current quarter. Second quarter 2012 results were in line with expectations. Turning to specialty benefits, second quarter operating earnings were $23 million, down $3 million from a year ago quarter primarily due to stable loss ratios and stronger than normal net investment income in 2011. The increase in sequential earnings is due to normal seasonality in dental claims and sales-related expenses. With the negative impact of seasonality behind us, we would look to see consistent loss ratios, strong retention and growth in premium and fees for the remainder of 2012. The corporate segment reported an operating loss of $31 million right in line with our expected quarterly result of $30 million to $35 million. For the quarter, total company net income was $173 million. After-tax credit related losses remained steady at $27 million. Our investment-related losses continue to be in line or better than our loss projections and better than market expectations, reflecting sustainable recovery in commercial real estate. This improvement has given us additional financial flexibility. Moving to our balance sheet, our net unrealized capital gain position of $2.3 billion increased $300 million from first quarter 2012, predominantly due to lower interest rates. As a reminder, because of the strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement do not result in an economic impact, and in periods of stress, do not force us to sell assets. The evolution of our business model means we now have a much higher portion of earnings coming from less capital intensive, more fee-based businesses that have limited or no guarantees associated with them. As the low interest rate environment persists, our earnings will continue to grow but at a slower rate as shown on Slide 7. We view this modest headwind to earnings growth as very manageable, which speaks to the strength of our investment management plus strategy. Although we continuously monitor all assumptions, including the interest rate environment, third quarter is historically when we conduct our periodic review of assumptions and actuarial model enhancements. The persistent low interest rate environment could result in a reduction in the long term interest rate assumption used to model deferred acquisition costs and related actuarial balances. If we were to lower our long term interest rate assumption by 25 basis points for every segment across the company, it may result in an additional one time after-tax reduction of operating earnings of approximately $25 million. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimated our second quarter risk-based capital ratio to be 440%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.5 billion of total excess capital, with over $500 million of the excess capital in the holding company. As outlined on Slide 8, so far in 2012 we have allocated $475 million of capital for strategic acquisitions, opportunistic share repurchase, and 2 quarterly common stock dividends. During the quarter, we completed the remaining portion of our $100 million February share buyback authorization and started our $200 million May authorization. So far, we have purchased approximately $125 million worth of the current authorization. As Larry said, we anticipate a pattern of increasing dividend payout ratio year-over-year. We remain on target to deploy $800 million to $900 million of capital in 2012, with approximately $400 million left to deploy. With our commitment to increasing long term value for shareholders, our focus continues to be on deploying excess capital through quarterly dividends, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will be prudent as we continued to look for additional opportunities to deploy excess capital. In closing, we are very pleased with the continued growth and momentum of our businesses throughout the second half of 2012 and beyond. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So it -- you covered in prepared remarks a lot of the pressures that we're seeing, but I was hoping we could talk a little bit more about your guidance and perhaps some of the changes in the environment and maybe specifically, quantifying some of them, how that impacts your outlook relative to what you were originally baking into your guidance a few quarters ago. I mean, for instance, your guidance now is assuming the S&P averages I think 1370, that's actually 100 points or about 7% higher than your original guidance assumed, so that -- I would think that's a tailwind. I would think your organic growth is probably better than you were assuming, but obviously some serious headwinds, rates, et cetera. so maybe you could tie that all together for us?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: John, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments and then I'll see if Terry wants to add anything. I'll start by saying, of course, we don't really update guidance. We've provided based on conditions back in December. We gave you our best forward-looking estimate of what we thought 2012 earnings would be. But to try to be responsive to your question, let me just walk through a number of the factors that you mentioned and hopefully, this will provide some help for you. If you take the first 2 quarters, what we know is we've got $1.42 of EPS so far in the first 2 quarters. To your point, we also know we've had a fair number of headwinds that I think we could all sit and speculate for the rest of this call about whether they're going to turn around to become tailwinds, but let me just hit a few of the business fundamentals and how they may act in second quarter as compared to first quarter. For example, we know, generally speaking, in the second half of the year, SPD, Specialty Benefits has positive claims seasonalities. You can sort of look at past practice and see if you can quantify that. We also know, in the past, historically, there have been some performance fees in Principal Global Investors. Again, you can get a sense of what the magnitude of that might be. Relative to Principal International, I would say, again, that's been the one that has been most impacted by macroeconomic conditions. And so I think in the second half, the performance in the local markets is very strong. The question will be, will we see stabilization or maybe even turnaround in FX rates and will we see the return of higher inflation, particularly in Latin America, which would have a positive impact on net investment income. Then, of course, we could talk about whether we're going to see any equity market growth. Again, typically, in our guidance, which we gave last December, we would have assumed 2% per quarter. So we would assume in the second half of the year something like 4% equity market growth. And then finally, what I would say is, the one thing we do know relative to having a tailwind is we should see about a sort of 5% roughly increase in EPS just based on the change in the share repurchase for the share counts that have happened between the start of the year and the end of the year. So you put all that together, you take the $1.42, again, you have to apply your own assumptions, John, as to what you think equity market FX is going to do. But clearly and particularly relative to the second half of 2011, you would think we would see some increase. Again, just for the record, in 2011, in the second half of the year, EPS was $1.27. And again, we're running at about $1.40 right now. So I hope that gives some help.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's really quite helpful. And then, Larry, I've got one more for you and maybe a little bit tougher sort of topic, but I can't recall a 2 quarter or a 1/2 of the year period where Principal has generated the kind of organic growth that you guys did in the first half of this year. But I look at -- in the face of that, your stock is flat, and the S&P is up 9%, broader financials are up 12%. I'm just curious what you and the management team take away from that relative underperformance at least in your stock price, and whether it causes you and management to think differently about how you deliver value.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well, again, those are all great questions and they are questions that we spend a lot of time on as a management team, and we spend a lot of time on them in discussions with the board. That's why, John, we have been trying to communicate. But first of all, let me just speak to sort of relative share price performance. I would say, first of all, while we haven't necessarily significantly outperformed peer companies, if you define them more from the standpoint of your peer set, insurance companies, and we might differ on it a little bit, but if we just take that peer set for a second, what I would say is our performance has been in line or slightly better than sort of has been the average of that peer performance. So the point is, is that all financials, all sort of peer insurance companies continue to be heavily impacted primarily by what is perceived to be the impact of very low interest rates. We have tried to make the point again and again and again and I think it's a point of opportunity for buy-side investors. We have tried to make the point that we are less impacted by low interest rates than many of our peers because 65% of our earnings come from fee-based earnings. In addition to that, you've seen the board, our board be very responsive to the situation by deploying significant amounts of capital primarily through common share dividends. And as I said in my comments, if you actually look at capital deployed, capital deployed adjusted for market capsize, we're in the top quartile and there really are very few companies that have been more active in deploying capital either through increased dividend, share repurchase or M&A than we've been. So I think we're doing all the right things. I think the reason that the share prices had sort of modest relative outperformance is because of interest rates. And probably until the macroeconomic conditions turn around, you're not going to see substantial change. But these sets of conditions aren't going to be around forever. The world is going to go on. These economies are going to grow and our earnings are going to continue to grow. If you take our $2.66, which was our EPS for last year, and again, you take our $1.42 and you can do whatever you want, but I think you can see that we're certainly still on track for some sort of 7% to 10% growth in EPS in a year, John, that quite frankly is very, very challenging. So we're going to be very much in line with our long term belief in EPS and hopefully, investors will see that over time and they'll reward us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to hone in a bit on the FSA growth potential there. Can you walk us through how the changes in that market is affecting you broadly and then how that's filtering down to the results?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Jay, this is Larry. I'll have Dan talk to you a little bit about the competitive environment. I just want to make one, hopefully, helpful comment on the latter part of your question, Jay. And that is that walk through, how all this translates into earnings. I just want to make a quick comment and then have Dan talk about the competitive environment, which, of course, shows that we're performing very well. But if you look at second quarter as an example and you look at the change in the Full Service Accumulation account value during second quarter, that essentially was all done through net cash flow generation and most of that was done through new sales. So essentially, the increase in account value is all coming through new sales. And when you think about, which sources of account value are more lucrative relative to revenue and earnings, the best way to get account value revenue earnings growth is when the market gives it to you. The toughest way to get earnings growth is when you have to go out and sell new plans where you take on acquisition expenses and administration expenses to bring on those new dollars. So frankly, when we look at the performance of Full Service Accumulation, given where the increase in account value came from in second quarter, I think the performance of the business was actually decent. Again, when we get back to a mode where we're seeing more 2% per quarter equity market growth, then you're going to see the revenue increase at a faster rate. You're going to see earnings increase at a faster rate. So with that, let me ask Dan to talk about the competitive environment.
Daniel J. Houston: So from a competitive environment, we still have some of those headwinds that we've talked about in the past and there's a handout in your online, in the Investor section talking about the business mix. We still see migration away from general account. We still see healthy sales and ESOP. There is a movement from proprietary to nonproprietary options that generally increases when you sell larger cases that certainly gives us the window of opportunity to go in and resell those plans on additional investment options provided by Principal Global Investors. The second component from a competitive perspective is there's still -- we're not recovered on the recurring deposits. Those are still weak, relative to historical past although they're improving. It's still one of our main contributors to success. And then as it relates specifically to the competitive environment, we're continuing to win business in the same manner we have in the past. We've done it with Total Retirement Suite, the TPA strategy is working, the alliance strategies are working, the one area that we continue to see pressure on, obviously, is around just the competitive pricing from the competition. And when we look at that, we think back to the pre-crisis mode. There is occasionally some outliers that were aggressive in their pricing. During the crisis, there weren't a lot of movement. I think small and medium-sized employers frankly were more focused on their -- running their businesses and then you had advisors trying to just retain business. In the post-economic crisis environment, the fee disclosure environment and the excess capacity in the industry, there is more pressure on getting revenue growth and that certainly impacts not only new case, but it also impacts your ability to -- on your enforced block and so retaining of that business. So one of the things we did during the crisis was to give our customers choices on pricing, choice pricing as we called it, dialing up and down their services. Today, in the marketplace, with excess capacity, there are competitors that are selling bundled Full Service solutions at discounted prices. We don't know if that's a short term or a long term problem that we'll have to confront. Obviously, we'll take the necessary steps as we historically have to align our expenses with what the revenues are that customers are willing to pay us. But this thing is clearly a mixed bag of a lot of variables, clearly our ability to retain business. Clearly, our ability to attract new business is a sign that they certainly value the local service that we provide, Total Retirement Suite, and again, about 60% of all new sales are tied to a bundled to Total Retirement Suite approach. Hopefully, that helps, Jay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple, if I may. The Chilean peso -- not the Chilean peso, but Chilean inflation obviously left a bit of a mark. You've referenced that a couple of times, Terry. Could you possibly put a number on that?
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Steven. This is Terry. As you look at the Chilean inflation this quarter, it had about a $2 million impact on the operating earnings. Now, that was this quarter. Last quarter, we actually received a favorable $2 million. So year-to-date, it does -- is volatile and fluctuates quite a bit. So on a year-to-date basis, there's probably no impact, but this quarter, it was about a $2 million reduction.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Larry, I think you referenced a very big SPIA deal, $500 million in the third quarter. Could you talk about maybe what that is?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, these are, Steven, these are kind of the traditional single premium, both immediate and deferred annuities that we've been active in this market for 70 years. Our -- we've been one of the top sort of 3, 4, 5 players in the plan termination market. These are essentially defined-benefit type obligations that, for whatever reason, are needing to be wound up. So this particular one was again similar to a couple of the one's that you've seen in the marketplace, a $500 million placement. Credit quality matters here, so your financial strength ratings matter. And so there is, as I said in my comments, Steven, there's kind of a limited supply of proven providers in this marketplace and we feel fortunate that we're one of the ones that's there. So that -- as I said, we have $160 million of sales in the income annuity space in the first 2 quarters, another $500 million sale in the third quarter, so we are seeing more interest there. We'll certainly stay disciplined as we price those particular deals, but we would expect that we'll see more opportunity there and if and when interest rates would ever rise, I think you would see even substantially more growth in that part of the business.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was interested, if it was a termination deal, what kind of return are you pricing for in that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I mean, normally, what we're looking for is something that's clearly well in the double-digit range and, of course, the thing with a deferred and immediate annuity like that, Steven, is you're not going to really know what you'll get for another 30, 40 or 50 years as far as the return. But certainly our pricing is sort of based on, if you will, a fairly conservative set of future interest rate assumptions. And so we calculate our IRR's against that fairly conservative set of assumptions, so again, you're well into the double-digit range here.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then Dan, if I may, one more. So we've been in the new disclosure regime now for all of the month, but I am wondering if any surprises have come out of it.
Daniel J. Houston: Steven, it really hasn't. The call center volume has been muted. Remember that we've gone out with notification to our clients back in November 2011. Requirement was by July 1 it had to be out. And of course, the next step is the participant disclosure and we have no reasonably that that's going to create a huge volume of work for us as we near year end, fourth quarter when those requirements will be in place.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking about your bank status and if there are any plans to potentially change.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments. The comments I would have today would be I think entirely consistent with the comments that we've said in the past. Again, as I think most of you know, we're a savings and loan holding company, so we are -- after July 1, 2011, we have the Fed now regulating the savings and loan holding company. We continue to have what I would consider to be extremely positive discussions. They are coming up to speed on how to think about a company like Principal Financial Group with primarily fee-based businesses, although many still think about us as an insurance company, but our businesses are mostly fee-based businesses. I think they're -- they've been, in my view, Chris, they've been very thoughtful in our interactions. We consult with them very regularly. I said in my comments that if you look at the last 4 quarters, so those would be exactly the 4 quarters that we've been regulated by the Fed. If you look at the capital that we have deployed, either for common share dividend or share repurchase or for M&A, if you aggregate that and adjust for market cap, we would be within the top 2 or 3 or 4 of our entire competitive peer set in terms of how much capital we've deployed, so that would say, I think, the conclusion there would be that we've not found anything there that is necessarily concerning. I think going forward, the question will be -- that there is a notice of proposed rule-making that is out there relative to it non-bank financials and so that process will go on and we will provide our comments, as well as everyone else and then we'll see where we end up. So this one is near the top of the agenda of things that we're watching and we're investing a lot of time and energy and having them understand our business. But ultimately, the board will make the right decision for shareholders over the long term. So I'd say, again, so far, so good. Great interaction. I think they have great respect for how we've run our businesses, certainly have not been disruptive at all and we'll just have to see where we go going forward.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on inflation that you guys have been talking about in terms of Latin America, and I understand potentially some of the near term earnings headwinds from lower investment income. But doesn't lower inflation really help accelerate your retirement and asset management strategy in that region, so curious how you're thinking about the balancing of these 2 areas?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I'll maybe ask Luis to comment in just a minute, but just for the sake of clarity, Chris, maybe I'll just try to set the stage on sort of what we mean when we talk about inflation. Latin America, as a region, is a region that has been sort of plagued, if you will, with inflation for many, many decades. So unlike the way fixed income markets work here in the U.S., in Latin America, at least particularly Brazil and Chile, not quite so much Mexico, but certainly in Brazil and Chile, it is very common to have inflation-linked securities. So the fixed income return is directly linked to, and in many cases, the product, the crediting rate for products is directly linked to certain inflation indexes. So when inflation is higher than -- investment income is higher and the crediting to the customers is higher. When we talk about the impact of inflation, essentially what we're talking about is the net investment income we're receiving on the, if you will, the surplus that we have invested in those companies, in Latin America. So I hope that's helpful in terms of understanding how inflation impacts and maybe ask Luis if he has any thoughts on what the inflation outlook might be for the second half.
Luis Valdez: Yes, interesting to repeat what Terry said. If you're look at the entire year, first quarter and second quarter, essentially we had a kind of positive environment in the first quarter and a kind of negative one in the second quarter. The whole year 2012 looks kind of washed. But anyway, it's fair to mention also that the second quarter 2012 was the kind of unusual. We had a depreciation of the local currency, normally, when you're having that kind of depreciation of the local currency are coming with higher inflation. This particular quarter, we had the 2 unusual things, the depreciation of the local currency and also this kind of lower inflation. So we think that going forward, those 2 things have to come much more in a kind of by-the-book process going forward. And anyway, we don't have any particular assumption about inflation in Latin America different than in the neighborhood of the 3% and still, those countries are, particularly Mexico and Chile, they are still on track in order to get that kind of inflation for the whole year, 3.0%.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And maybe Jim McCaughan wants to make a comment here as well.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, Chris, I think one of the things that's really going to make longer term difference here is when those Latin countries converge towards a capital market structure that is more like we have seen in the developed world. What I have in mind here is take our very big business in Brazil. The investors there, both by regulation and by preference, have concentrated on Brazilian assets, short term Brazilian government debt and you really can't blame them when the yield on it was 11%. It's hard for international investments to compete. If you look at much lower rates that we're now seeing with the financial and currency recession that Luis described, you were getting to something of a tipping point here where investors based in those countries are likely to see much more attraction in equity investment capabilities and international capabilities. That is going to be a huge opportunity for the next 2 or 3 years for Principal Financial Group. So I think there is good and bad in the lower interest rates and maybe it doesn't affect the quarter-to-quarter but there's a longer term optionality here in terms of providing international services to those investors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify the comment on the $25 million reduction relative to 25 basis point kind of decrease in the overall earned rate. I guess that seems like it will be part of the third quarter DAC review and in that 25 basis points reduction, I mean, that's really just the typical portfolio bleed you'd see as you turn over the portfolio in a low rate environment. Are those correct takeaways?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, Randy. I mean, I would say that's generally correct. Let me see if Terry wants to add any additional to that.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Randy, this is Terry. What we talked about in terms of the long term interest rate assumption and the reduction of 25 basis points in that would be the impact that it would have on a reduction on our DAC and actuarial balances. So it would be more of a one time hit to earnings. As you mentioned, in the third quarter, it's typically when we review our assumptions and interest rate will be one of them, as well as look at enhancements to our actuarial models. Now we also look throughout the year, but the third quarter is when we really focus on that and that's what I'm referring to, in the $25 million hit or a 25 basis point reduction in the long term interest rate assumption.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And that would be -- that's 25 after tax?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes.
Terrance J. Lillis: That would be -- yes.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Just one other quick cleanup item. I just want to clarify this kind of -- in the context of the guidance discussion. So if there's a variable income kind of catch-up or a tailwind, if you will, in the back half of '12, would that mostly be from potential CRE sales?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: That's right. It would be mostly from CRE sales. That's, generally speaking, what we're talking about when we talk about variable investment income and I don't -- Julia, would you like to make any further comments?
Julia M. Lawler: No, that's exactly right, Randy. It's coming from our opportunistic portfolio where we purchase value-added -- real estate, and when the market is right, we sell it.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Is the market right for that right now? Is it a good market for that?
Julia M. Lawler: Yes.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And this is Larry, Randy. Just to give you again a sense, in the first half of 2011 and again I think this is a pretax number, but we had about $22 million in gains on this sort of activity in the first half of 2011. So that just sort of shows you, that was the reason Terry went through the differences and sort of talked about even though reported earnings are down, if you actually kind of strip out the one timers and things, actually there's earnings growth first half 2012 or first half 2011 because we had these front-loaded real estate sales last year.
Julia M. Lawler: And I might just add that since Larry gave the dollar amount last year, that's going to be hard to replace, that size of a sale that was a very large opportunity we sold at a gain that was -- really exceeded our expectations, so I wouldn't expect that kind of opportunistic sale, but we still have opportunities out there, so...
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Is there something more like maybe $0.03 or $0.04, but not as big as first half [ph]2011?
Julia M. Lawler: Probably something lower than that?
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath with UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I want to start with a follow-up to the comments that Larry was making in response to Jay's question about it mattering where the growth comes from in FSA, meaning if it comes from the markets, you don't have the acquisition cost and I thought that was a great point. But that leads me to Page 6 of your conference call deck, where I look at the margins, and I'm not talking about ROA, I'm just talking about the pretaxed return and net revenue and the pretax margin. And if I look at 2011 and I compare that to 2015, there's not a whole lot of upside. Meaning, you're kind of right in the range already and I would imagine that this illustration that's sort of based on an assumption that there is sort of normal market growth between now and 2015. So I guess my question is, why aren't we seeing sort of upside in those margins as we move sort of forward in time?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Let me just make a couple of comments and I'll see -- kind of looking at Dan and Terry. Let me make a couple of comments relative to pretax return on net revenue. As I said before, if you look at a quarter like second quarter and again, we should all be careful to take a quarter and somehow annualize that or assume that, that now reflects a new dynamic going forward because as I said, particularly in second quarter, because of the strong sales, strong net cash flow, I would say it's highly unusual when all of your -- actually, more than the increase in account value all came from net cash flows, meaning the market was negative and it was a net cash flows that grew your account value. In that scenario, again, there's going to be pressure not only on ROA, there's going to be pressure on return on net revenue. That's why you've seen a slight diminution in return on net revenue in this quarter. If you go out to this, 2015 and you say, "Well, why aren't you going to see more sort of lift in that pretax return on revenue?" What I would say to that, Suneet, is we'd like to sit here and tell you that there's tremendous operational leverage, but the reality is, think about it, if the reality is, if a $25 million plan becomes a $50 million plan by 2015, they're not going to allow you to charge the same fees when their $50 million plan in 2015 that you charged in their $25 million plan in 2012. So what happens in this business is what would happen in any sort of competitively efficient business, in that you're going to see sort of a paralleling, if you will, between the fees. The fees are going to go down as the plan gets bigger and you're going to have to just kind of reprice that periodically and that's just the new dynamic of the environment we're in. So that's why you hear our comments, talking about aligning expenses, aligning expenses with revenues. And so that's the reality of the business. But we should not be negative about that because again, you talked about a pretax return on net revenue of 30%, that would be one of the highest returns in all of financial services. And if you talk about an ROA, return on assets of 24 to 26 basis points, that's an ROE that's again, in that 25%, 30% range. So these are very, very healthy margins. And again, to assume that we could increase them further I think would be a little bit nave. So hopefully that helps.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, it does. It does. I don't know if Dan wanted to comment.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, just -- maybe just a couple of quick comments in terms of where you get additional lift as there continues to be pressure on the margins. Obviously, the investment preference, we think it will swing back towards equity. We think there's good upside in some of the emerging market. Again, our investment performance proprietary is very strong. The whole notion of retirement readiness, getting these group of baby boomers ready for retirement, that's going to involve a lot of taking advantage of our work site deployment strategies. The roll-ins come there and we, in essence, will have an excess of $1 billion of roll-ins this year. And the other point I'd make relative to just the pressure we have on Full Service Accum, remember that, with our DCIO strategy, and we have doubled the sales of our mutual fund defined contribution only strategy just here from a year ago, that's getting our investment product on our competitors' 401(k) platforms and their IRA platforms. So again, good growth for overall PFG, although it may not show up in the FSA line. And then as we come out of this very sluggish economy, it's the increase in salary deferrals, it's the increase in participation, that also will contribute to a net growth in these plans in terms of earnings. Hopefully that helps.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It does. I have a quick follow-up in terms of the quarter. I think in the commentary around FSA flows, I mean, I think there was some discussion about the strong client retention, which is obviously a good thing. Just wondering, when we think about the plans that you're retaining, it's particularly the ones that are perhaps up for bid and you keep them, what are the pricing dynamics there? I mean, if you can compare what you're getting on those routine plans today versus perhaps what you got when you originally put them on the books. Is it meaningfully different? And any order of magnitude would be helpful.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. So the reality is they are different. Of course, it all depends on the size of the plan. You don't see as much pressure on our core small to medium-size. I'll put that as -- in plans of less than say, $10 million. There's always points of discussion, but again, they're looking for very comprehensive services. They value the proposition that we bring. On the larger plans, a lot of registered investment advisors are involved. A lot of the reduction in revenue may very well come from that RIA recommending other investment options for a range of reasons, diversity and to the extent that, that's money that moves away from our general account and moves away from our proprietary separate accounts or mutual funds, that does have a negative impact on the plan. And I would say, the order of magnitude, they all vary. But to retain a large piece of business today might involve reducing pricing and that may be 10% to 12% range, but again it all depends on which investments options they've chosen and what services that they're looking for.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And Steve, this is Larry. I'd like to just add one comment, which is, that -- one of the reasons that you -- the best way to sort of mitigate the issue that you talked about is really our Total Retirement Suite platform, and that's really why we put so much emphasis on what percentage of our sales are in TRS and we're now again at the point where well over half of the account value inside the Full Service Accumulation, over half the account value is actually tied to some other program. It's tied to a nonqualified plan, it's tied to a DV plan, it's tied to an ESOP or some combination of those and that's really the way because the reality is, it's much harder in the competitive environment. You can't just move -- I mean, the easiest to move is the 401(k) only. It's really difficult to move one if you got a 401(k), a DV and an ESOP, for example. So the whole key to retention here and the key to being able to provide value-added services really is the TRS strategy and that remains our sort of best-in-class platform today.
Operator: And your final question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I had a question back to FSA, on revenues. If I look at kind of net revenue growth year-over-year, it's kind of down 1% to 2%. AUM is up about 6%. I guess my first question is, can you just help explain the delta there is a little surprising to me just the extent of it. I understand the fee pressures, but I guess the delta is a little surprising to me, so help explain that. And then secondly, what gives you the confidence that, that -- what is negative 1% to 2% can shift to 2% to 4% through the year if my numbers are right?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Mark, this is Larry. I'll have Dan comment. But this is -- this delta that you're describing again is very much to the point of, is the new account value coming from brand new sales where again, the least profitable part of your life cycle of a 401(k) plan is when you set it up, so -- and most of the new account value comes from new sales. The return on revenue and the delta between account value growth in revenue growth is going to be at its widest. The delta between account value growth and revenue growth is going to be at its narrowest when you see large lift coming from the equity market. So that's really the sort of dynamic that's in play, but I'm sure Dan can add some more to that.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. The 1% to 2% negative revenue relative to account value growth of 6% is not new information. This has been going on now for the last couple of years and it gets back to it and I won't reiterate all of my previous comments. But certainly, mix of business is contributing to that, investment preference. All of those drivers were still dealing with 8% unemployment out there in the marketplace, so the recurring deposits have not come back. Again, I might -- I'm confident that long term, we'll get back into this 2% to 3%, 4% growth in net revenues, although I suspect we'll be fighting this headwind for the near future. And again, we'll align our expenses ultimately with what it is our customers are willing to pay for. We actually have a -- our institutional client conference coming up here in September. It'll be our 100-plus large institutional clients. We'll have a 2-day discussion with them and that's where we get into a lot of our discussions around retirement readiness, fees, disclosure and understand the mood. And in addition to having record retention, I would tell you, our customers scores, our customer service feedback scores are some of the highest that we've had. So I think we're going to fight through this pressure that we have on getting revenue growth, but it is not as good as it was say 5 and 6 years ago when you pick up 8% from the market, 5% from net cash flow and then operational efficiencies. And so we'll continue to take steps to manage expenses accordingly.
Terrance J. Lillis: Mark, this is Terry. Just to add on to what those 2 have said. We did have some of the variable income that went through the Full Service Accumulation line last year and that had a benefit too and that caused some of the delta.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, I guess -- but I mean, you have an assumption of 2% to 4% net revenue growth, which I assume is for the full year. In the first half of the year is -- I think by my number, it's negative 1.6%, 1.7%. I guess the question is, is there something specific that you're seeing in the book that is going to have what is actually a fairly sizable shift or is it purely just the assumption around markets improving?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, it's primarily the assumption, Mark, around -- again, our guidance is always based on about 2% per quarter. So we're assuming the second half is going to have some equity market lift, which is going to be the most helpful contributor to sort of getting back to a closer delta between account value growth and revenue growth. They're never going to be equal. That's not possible. That's saying that you could charge a plan at a $100 million, the same you charge at when it was $50 million. That's not realistic, that's not going to happen. But you don't necessarily see that delta be maybe as wide as it was in second quarter just because of where the account value changes came from. So we think we're going to, by the end of the year, we would assume we're going to get back to a more normal Delta between account value growth and revenue growth.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just one final question for Jim McCaughan is -- I understand that there were some expenses in the first half of the year in PGI that are largely nonrecurring in the second half of the year. Can you just frame out how large those expenses were so we can model appropriately?
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, sure, Mark. The only piece that's really company nonrecurring and I'll talk about this in terms of second quarter just reported versus the year ago second quarter. The only piece that's strictly nonrecurring is employee termination costs of about $1 million. We do not anticipate that recurring in the second half of the year. The second piece of increased expense is sales commission, which was about $1 million higher in the second quarter 2012 than it was in 2011. In a way, because that shows your organic growth in the business, I want that number to get bigger. That's one expense category where you don't mind spending a bit. What that implies actually though is that for these pieces of new business we're putting on, the profitability in the first 2 years, when you're paying sales commission, is less than it would -- or quite a lot less than it will be in year 3. So there's a lagged impact of the new business on earnings. And then the third category of the incremental cost is what we categorized as investment for growth. That's spending on increasing our workforce, for example, in China, the Dubai and Amsterdam offices, increasing U.S. sales and getting investment people increased numbers in some of the growth areas of capital markets. Now, from all that, the incremental cost second quarter 2012 over second quarter 2011 was $2 million in the quarter. We actually have got to a point where there are no further plans to increase that investment for growth. So what I'm really saying here is that has been a drag on the earnings in the first half. From now on, that should sequentially cease to be a drag on earnings because we reckon that with the big opportunities we've got, following investment performance, following the development of our investment capabilities, that we have really invested in that growth, the run rate won't increase further. So we should be seeing less of a drag on earnings from that, albeit with the continued, hopefully, increase in flows.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks everybody for joining us. We do appreciate your continuing interest. As we said during our comments, despite the macroeconomic conditions, we do believe our businesses continue to have strong momentum and that we do have the right strategy and the right management team to grow our businesses over the long term. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on September 21 in New York, as John mentioned. And other than that, we hope everybody has a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 P.M. Eastern Time until end of day August 3, 2012. 20811 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 and that's U.S. and Canadian callers, or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services Luis Valdez - Chairman of Principal International Inc., Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc. and President of Principal International Inc.  James Patrick McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor
Analysts: Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's first quarter earnings conference call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Slides related to today's call are also available on our website. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for your questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global investor; Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I'd also like to remind everyone that our 2012 Investor Day will be held Friday morning, September 21, in New York. Details to follow closer to the event. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas: First, I'll briefly discuss first quarter 2012 results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, and I'll close with some comments about our capital deployment strategy. Then Terry will cover the financial results in more detail. As John mentioned, we provided slides related to today's call. Slide 4 outlines the key themes for the quarter.  First quarter with was a solid start to the year as we saw a strong growth across all businesses, along with a strategic acquisition in Claritas and effective capital deployment. Total company operating earnings were $213 million, and we ended the quarter with record assets under management of $364 billion. First quarter 2012 total company net cash flows of $8 billion are higher than full year 2011 net cash flows. As we move through 2012, this record level of assets under management and momentum in net cash flows, along with stronger variable investment income, higher performance fees and less seasonality in claims, will combine to give a stronger earnings in the second half of the year. We delivered strong sales and net cash flows in the first quarter, demonstrating our competitive advantages namely: the strength of our distribution relationships, demand for our products and service and investment expertise. Key growth metrics from the quarter include: Full Service Accumulation sales were $3.2 billion, up 62% compared to first quarter 2011. Net cash flows of $2 billion are more than double from the year-ago quarter. Principal Funds had record sales of $3.7 billion, and record net cash flows of $1.5 billion. Principal Global Investors had record unaffiliated assets under management of $91 billion, and unaffiliated net cash flows were $3.3 billion, a strong improvement over first quarter 2011. Reported assets under management for Principal International were $59 billion, up 22% over the year-ago quarter, and record net cash flows of $2.3 billion are up 77% over the same time last year. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, Individual Life sales of $49 million increased 2% over strong sales in first quarter 2011. Specialty benefits premium and fees grew 5% to $354 million over the year-ago quarter.  Behind our momentum in sales and retention is a renewed excitement across the organization. During the first quarter, I attended sales conferences in the U.S., Asia and Latin America. Enthusiasm among our teams has never been higher and the momentum is the strongest I've seen. We have a well-diversified set of businesses, we are in the right geographic markets and we have exactly the right strategy for future growth. As we emerge from the economic crisis, we're in the strongest financial position in our history, and we continue to gain market share. We have opportunistically invested in the markets we want to be in, resulting in accelerated growth of our fee-based businesses, which creates increasing amounts of free cash flow and increased financial flexibility. We will continue to strike the right balance between growth and profitability. Because of the new deferred acquisition cost accounting rules, there is now a clearer and direct trade-off between growth and profitability. So while increased sales hurt earnings in the short term, we believe it is the right path, which leads to higher earnings over time. Now let me provide some additional comments on the ongoing implementation of our strategy. In Full Service Accumulation, we continue to focus on winning retirement business across small, medium and large segments. Principal Total Retirement Suite continues to set the principal apart, and as part of a broader strategy to provide advisors and the clients they serve with leading-edge retirement programs that cannot be easily replicated by competitors. Our strategy also includes features like auto enrollment, work site education and plan designs that encourage greater savings in support of improving individual retirement readiness. Our independent distribution model continues to drive significant growth in retirement sales. Last quarter, we announced a new relationship with Edward Jones, which focuses on the needs of small and medium-sized businesses. We've already had good traction and have generated a retirement pipeline of more than $1 billion to date from this alliance partnership. Our third-party administration or TPA channel is also a contributor to growth in the small to medium-sized business market with record sales in the first quarter, which are up 23% over first quarter 2011. Principal Funds continues to drive record sales with demand for investment solutions that increase income-generating potential, limit volatility and hedge against inflation. We've had tremendous success to date with multiple strategies, including preferred securities, high yield, global diversified income, midcap blend and target risk allocation. We're also well positioned for future growth with investment strategies launched during the past 2 years that are focused on managing volatility and protecting purchasing power, such as our global multi-strategy and diversified real asset funds. Our global investment management capabilities and asset allocation flexibility creates strategies that when coupled with our distribution reach are clearly resonating with advisers and clients. Strong investment performance is a leading indicator of growth for our retirement and asset management businesses. Investment performance continues to be strong, which is a differentiator for The Principal. Recent accomplishments include 2 2012 Lipper Fund Awards for consistent multi-year performance for The Principal MidCap Blend Fund. Additionally, Finisterre, one of our recently acquired boutiques, won the 2011 Euro Hedge Magazine Emerging Market Fund of the Year. These awards and overall strong performance drive demand and mandates for our multiple boutiques.  Moving now to Principal International, which continues to deliver very strong results. In the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of a majority stake in Claritas, a leading Brazilian retail mutual fund and asset management company. Entering the Brazilian mutual fund market has been a strategic priority for The Principal. Claritas has a strong management team, solid investment track record and diversified distribution through financial advisors, which are all important competencies as we continue to grow our mutual fund and Asset Management business in Latin America. The acquisition closed in early April, and we anticipate future synergies over time that will enable Claritas to expand beyond the retail mutual fund market into the institutional investor market. As another positive development, the Malaysian government has approved a new voluntary, employer-based, defined-contribution pension system. CIMB-Principal was approved to provide solutions in this new market, demonstrating the success of our longtime foothold in Asia and the strength of our joint venture with CIMB. The Principal's evolution to our global investment management leader with strong competitive positions in the key emerging markets for private retirement solutions has firmly taken hold. We will maintain our focus on helping growing businesses, individuals and institutional investors around the world, save for the long term, invest for growth and protect their financial well-being. I'll close with some comments on our capital management strategy. Building on the $1.1 billion of capital deployed in 2011, we continue to actively deploy excess capital in the first quarter, demonstrating the strength of our business model to continuously create free cash flow. In addition to the acquisition of Claritas, we announced the authorization of $100 million share repurchase and paid our first quarterly dividend to shareholders. These actions reflect our continued confidence in the strength and financial flexibility of our fee-based business model, and we remain on track to deploy $800 million to $900 million of capital in 2012. Excess capital at the end of the first quarter was $1.6 billion, a level that's been fairly consistent over the past year. Certainly, as we came through the financial crisis, it was important to maintain a higher level of excess capital. Although excess capital levels will remain higher than precrisis levels across the industry, we expect to see our excess capital levels come down over the next couple of years. Before I close, let me make a brief comment about one of the biggest highlights from the quarter. In February, during his visit to Iowa, I had the privilege to meet face to face with the Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping, the expected next president of China. In his comments, Vice President Xi mentioned Principal as an example of a highly regarded company operating successfully in China. This is a strong endorsement of our efforts to expand our business in China into the enterprise annuity industry in the near future. Finally, I encourage you to check out our 2011 year in review, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. The book highlights 10 trends that affirm the power of our strategy we put in place more than a decade ago and why I'm so confident that our best times are yet to come. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As Larry mentioned, first quarter earnings were solid and our growth metrics continue to show momentum. This morning I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter; net income, including continued solid performance in the investment portfolio; and the strength of our capital position and strong balance sheet. And as a reminder, we adopted new DAC accounting guidance on January 1, 2012, with retrospective application. All financial information presented, including the slides for this call, reflects these changes. The impacts were in line with what we previously communicated. First quarter 2012 operating earnings of $213 million were down 3% from a year-ago quarter. The decline is primarily due to lower variable investment income and higher distribution expenses in the first quarter. We reported earnings per share of $0.70 for the quarter. There were a few items impacting first quarter 2012 EPS. Bank and Trust Services was negatively impacted by $0.01 primarily due to a legal settlement in the Trust company. Principal International was dampened by $0.01 on a net basis from regulatory changes to assigned lives in the Mexican AFORE business, which was partially offset by delayed expenses in Latin America. Individual Life benefited by $0.01 from a change in prescribed accounting practice, and the Corporate segment was reduced by $0.01 from higher tax and legal expenses. Adjusting for these items, we consider the first quarter 2012 earnings per share run rate to be $0.72.  Now let me discuss business unit results. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $70 million were down 4% on lower net revenue from a year-ago quarter. Pretax return on net revenue remained steady at 30% as we expected and previously communicated. Let me make a couple of comments related to Full Service Accumulation margins. Slide 5 summarizes the leading factors impacting profitability since 2004. Factor 1, which had the largest impact, is a shift in business mix, which I'll describe in more detail in a moment. The second factor is the current market environment, which has slowed the growth in recurring deposits. The third factor listed, growth, retention and efficiency, is one we have and will continue to influence through scale and focused execution. Assuming these trends continue, we'd expect 2012 Full Service Accumulation net revenue to grow between 4% and 6% based upon average S&P index level of 1,400 in 2012. Additionally, we'd expect to maintain pretax return on net revenue of 30% to 32%. Slide 6 shows how the mix of business is shifting away from general and separate account investments into mutual funds and employer securities, reducing return on assets but improving free cash flow generation. As this business mix continues to shift and more assets are written on our mutual fund platform and are using more nondomestic equities for investments, fewer dividends are eligible for the dividend received deduction benefit. Return on revenue measures for Full Service Accumulation are better indicators of the financial performance of the business. The bottom of Slide 6 illustrates our stable track record of driving revenues to the bottom line, even as customer preferences migrate to different asset types. Return on revenue margins will continue to be a key focus for us. First quarter 2012 Full Service Accumulation sales of $3.2 billion were very strong, up 62% over 2011. Looking at full year 2012, we'd expect to see Full Service Accumulation sales growth of approximately 20% over 2011. Robust transfer of deposits and strong client retention help drive net cash flows of $2 billion, more than doubling first quarter 2011 results. The underlying fundamentals within Full Service Accumulation continued to improve.  The sales pipeline continues to build across all market sizes and distribution channels, and the close ratio continues to improve. We are actively executing on our strategy to win more business and gain market share. Operating earnings for Principal Funds at $12 million in the quarter were flat compared to a year-ago quarter due to higher compensation and sales-related expenses as we invest in growing the business. Record sales of $3.7 billion reflects strength across multiple strategies, including preferred securities, high yield, income, mid cap blend and target risk allocations. Net cash flows of $1.5 billion were driven by particular strength in our Global Diversified Income Fund, which leverages our ability to combine multiple strategies and managers, as well as the Principal Preferred Securities Fund, managed by one of our Principal Global Investors' boutiques, Spectrum Asset Management. Investment performance continues to be strong across asset classes and it is a differentiator for The Principal. The strong performance includes particular strength in asset allocation, where at quarter end, 93% of our target date and target risk funds were ranked by Morningstar in the top half on a 1-year basis, 94% on a 3-year basis and 73% on a 5-year basis. Individual Annuities operating earnings in the first quarter 2012 were $33 million, down $3 million from a year-ago quarter, due to lower net investment income and a higher tax rate. As the low interest rate environment persists, Individual Annuities will be subject to spread compression. Bank and Trust Services earnings decreased to $6 million, primarily due to a legal settlement in the trust company. First quarter 2012 earnings from Principal Global Investors were $16 million, down 2% from a year-ago quarter on a 6% increase in average assets under management. With a focus on growing our global investment management leadership footprint, we headed distribution and investment staff across our boutiques. On a trailing 12-month basis, pretax margin of 21.1% was down slightly from fourth quarter at 21.4%. On a full year basis, we would expect pretax margin expansion in 2012 driven by higher profits from performance fees in the second half of the year. Unaffiliated net cash flows for the quarter were $3.3 billion, driven by positive flows into our variety of asset classes, including currency, real estate, stable value and equities. We see rising client interest in awarding new mandates for capabilities from our multiple boutiques. In first quarter 2012, new mandates awarded totaled $3.8 billion. Pipelines continue to build and the representative offices in The Netherlands and Dubai are now staffed and operational, giving us continued optimism for the remainder of 2012. Moving to Principal International, operating earnings at $42 million include a one-time loss from the regulatory change impacting Mexican AFORE assigned lives, which was partially offset by delayed expenses in our Latin American operations. Assets under management were $59 billion at quarter end, up 22% from a year ago, primarily driven by strong net customer cash flow and a strategic acquisition. Current quarter record net cash flow of $2.3 billion were driven by a 24% increase in Brazil prev deposits over last year and positive flows in Asia. While the underlying growth of the companies on a local basis remain strong, so far in the second quarter, we're facing headwinds from foreign currency exchange rates and slowing inflation. As a reminder, our financial supplement now includes foreign exchange rate information used for financial reporting to help you better analyze the impact of exchange rates on Principal International. In April, we closed on the Claritas acquisition and approximately $2.5 million of after-tax transaction costs will impact second quarter Principal International results. The acquisition is expected to be EPS-neutral in 2012 and accretive thereafter. Individual Life first quarter operating earnings were $32 million. During the quarter, we changed our method of accounting for reinsurance contracts, and this change was included in our recast results released on April 10. Under the new method, we will recognize reinsurance recoveries as they are received, which creates better alignment between accounting and economic results. Additionally, according to prescribed accounting practices, we changed the amortization basis for certain Individual Life policies. This change impacted several income statement line items that netted to a $3 million benefit for first quarter earnings. These accounting changes will result in a more intuitive earnings pattern for Individual Life. We believe the run rate for Individual Life operating earnings is approximately $30 million per quarter with variability in any one quarter. Turning to Specialty Benefits, first quarter operating earnings were $19 million, down $4 million from a year-ago quarter, primarily due to stronger-than-normal investment performance in 2011. The decline in sequential earnings was due to normal seasonality and dental claims. We continue to experience stable loss ratios. Although first quarter sales were down from our record results in 2011, retention results were strong and premium and fees grew 5% from a year-ago quarter. Continued recovery in employment and salary trends were the main drivers of that results. The Corporate segment reported an operating loss of $39 million, driven by higher tax and legal expenses. Going forward, due to higher ongoing regulatory expense, we expect quarterly operating losses for the Corporate segment of $30 million to $35 million in 2012. For the quarter, total company net income was $202 million, an increase of 11% over a year-ago quarter. A key contributor to the improvement in net income was a continued reduction in after-tax credit-related losses to $26 million. Our investment-related losses continue to be in line or better than our loss projections and better-than-market expectations, reflecting sustainable recovery in commercial real estate. This improvement has given us additional financial flexibility. Moving to our balance sheet, our net unrealized capital gains position of $1.9 billion increased $300 million from fourth quarter 2011, predominantly due to tighter credit spreads. As a reminder, due to our strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement do not result in an economic impact and do not force us to sell assets. In late February, we announced a $100 million share buyback authorization and completed half of it during the quarter. As of today, we've completed 80% of that authorization. Looking now at capital adequacy, we estimate our first quarter risk-based capital ratio to be 440%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.6 billion of total access capital, with approximately $600 million of the excess capital at the holding company. Slide 7 illustrates our recent pattern of return on equity. Current operating earnings are in line with precrisis levels, yet average equity is 34% higher. We are holding considerably higher amounts of excess capital as compared to precrisis levels. As Larry mentioned, higher capital levels are here to stay for us and for the industry. But as our business model becomes more fee-based, we plan to reduce our excess capital of $1.6 billion to our targeted capital reserve currently at $1.15 billion over the next couple of years. For 2012, we feel that an RBC ratio of 425%, 435% is appropriate given our mix of fee-based and risk-based products. Our long-term expected annual return on equity accretion continues to be 50 to 80 basis points. As outlined on Slide 8, so far in 2012, we have allocated $220 million of capital for strategic acquisition, opportunistic share repurchase and the quarterly common stock dividend. And as Larry mentioned, we expect to deploy $800 million to $900 million in capital in 2012. We believe our decision to move to a quarterly common stock dividend and our overall capital deployment actions demonstrate our commitment to creating long-term value for shareholders. Before I close, I want to take a moment to comment on a couple of things that Larry's too humble to mention. First, if you haven't seen it yet, check out the April issue of Institutional Investor Magazine. The magazine did an in-depth and very positive cover profile of Principal's 132-year transformation from a small life insurance company to a global investment management leader. The cover article highlights the leadership team, past and present, at The Principal. Additionally, Larry was recently honored as this year's Plan Sponsor Magazine Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient for his extraordinary contributions to the retirement industry. As a company, we're all proud of Larry's commitment to the company and to the industry and congratulate him on this distinguished award. In closing, we're very pleased with the continued growth and momentum of our businesses as we look into 2012 and beyond. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: I guess, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the strong sales results in your FSA operation. They far exceeded my expectations, and I'm just wondering if you could talk about the trends there?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this is Larry. I'll let Dan comment. But what I would say at a very high level is that we're really in a very nice sweet spot in terms of our retirement sales. And I say that based on, of course, having great distribution presence and continuing strong pipeline. We also have, because of PGI, we have very solid investment performance to present to clients. And of course, the unique bundling that we do around total retirement services, as well as a lot of or worksite activities, really does put us in a strong competitive position. I'll let Dan give you some of the specifics.
Daniel J. Houston: Thanks, Larry. So Joanne, a couple of stats that you might find interesting. The growth really was across emerging dynamic and institutional, which is the way we like to see it. We did have 7 nice-sized institutional plans come in. Those were plans over $100 million but nothing over $1 billion. So again, this speaks right at that lower end of large and high-end of medium-sized marketplace. We had good traction again continuance and the third-party administration area. About 40% of the sales for the quarter were TRS or Total Retirement Suite some combination of DVDC or non-qualified or ESOP. And alliance sales were up roughly 120% from first quarter of 2011, as Larry mentioned in his earlier comments. We did add Edward Jones, which is a really great partner for PFG, and we're looking forward to working with the people at Edward Jones.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Just as a follow up, just on the ROAs. You mentioned in the beginning of the call that the change in DAC induces a trade-off between good sales numbers and near-term earnings. Can you give us an estimate as to how much the increase -- or decrease in capitalized acquisition expenses impacted the ROA?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this is Larry. I would say, it impacts at about $15 million to $20 million in terms of quarterly earnings, so you can sort of work it out from that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Larry, even if I apply a relatively strong ramp to your earnings for the remainder of the year, it appears pretty difficult to get to your guidance. But interestingly, your guidance had originally assumed, I think, an average S&P of about 1275, and that average is already year-to-date 100 points higher. I guess the question is, where is the weakness versus your original expectations when -- I would've expected your business model and leverage to equity markets to frankly be a nice tailwind.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure, John. This is Larry. Let me make a few comments. And what I would say here is a very general comment before I walk through a little bit of detail with you. What I would is say is that guidance is based on a full year. And I'd say, it would be very important to remember that things that happen over the course of a full year don't happen in 25% increments over each quarter, okay? So for example, a variable investment income, as an example. Last year, that was a little bit front-loaded. This year, we expect it to be a little bit back-loaded. You have seasonality in Specialty Benefits, as we've commented before. The general comment you might see specialty benefits first quarter earnings be 20% of the full year earnings, not 25%. So what I would say is if you sort of take Terry's normalized, the $0.72, you ramp it up to 2% to 3% that you'd expect so based in our assumptions of equity market growth. That gets you very near the $2.95 to $3 level. You then adjust for things like variable investment income, specialty benefits. You adjust for the change in share count. And you are, if you will, well inside our previously communicated guidance. Having said all of that, we obviously don't update that guidance, and it really doesn't take into account, John, at all, the very strong asset accumulation and net cash flow growth that we saw in the first quarter, which obviously hasn't yet fed through to financials because it's just received in the current quarter. And as the market stays steady and that continues to repeat itself in subsequent quarters, that's going to be a very significant tailwind on earnings as we go into the subsequent quarters of 2012. So like always, there's a number of assumptions in there. But the key thing, I would continue to remind everybody is things don't happen in 1/4 increments every year. There's front loads, there's back loads. All that's taken into account when we gave our guidance back in December.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. I have one separate one, and that is, are you and the Board giving any consideration to changing your approach to setting your buyback authorization? I asked this, Larry, because obviously with your current approach, you were out of the market for the first 2 months of the year. And that clearly has at least, at the margin, a negative impact on your ability to generate EPS and ROE improvement at a somewhat faster pace.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. So that's an interesting question, John. And I suspect that every management team you talk to might have a little bit different view on share repurchase in the era post the financial crisis. I think we have tried to communicate over several different times, including at our earnings guidance for 2012 that we see share repurchase now as a more opportunistic lever for us. And we frankly see higher levels of common stock dividend as a more regular level -- lever for us to return capital to shareholders. So we see ourselves moving to higher payout ratios over time, and we see ourselves moving to somewhat lower levels of share repurchase over time because we do want to invest in the businesses. And to the extent we would do share repurchase, we would look at that based on sort of our view of the intrinsic value of the shares versus where they're trading at. So in the past, I think share repurchase for many companies has been more of a "automatic lever." And in our case, we're really trying to not see as much capital return in share repurchase and we're trying to be more thoughtful to make sure that we're doing share repurchase at the right times and that we're not doing it at the wrong times. So I hope that helps a little bit.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That does. I guess, my only follow up to that, Larry, would be, I'm not necessarily asking you to put up an authorization that would be a giant number that covers the potential buybacks over a couple of years. But I'm not sure I understand why not just an authorization that would cover at least your expectations for a 12-month period, let's say?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. And again, a lot of that, John, is because I think we are trying to recognizing the changing nature of our business model with more fee-based earnings. I would argue that it's much more appropriate for us as a management team and a Board to think about returning capital to shareholders in the form of common stock dividends more than share repurchases. What you already know from things we've communicated is that somewhere between 65% and 70% of our operating earnings for the year are going to be able to flow through as capital deployed back to shareholders based on whatever amount of M&A we might do. So I don't have to sit and really give you a large share repurchase. I mean, investors already know that the vast majority of our earnings are able to be returned to shareholders. So we've shown in the past, we're good stewards of our capital. Again, the thing I would want to communicate is that it's going to be done more as common stock dividends and higher payout ratios. That's appropriate because we moved to a more fee-based business model, and that's very different than our competitors, where perhaps they're able to return 40% or 50% of their earnings back to shareholders. In our case, that number is closer to 65% to 70%.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess, I wanted to go back to Joanne's question, Larry. I think you give a number of $15 million to $20 million. I actually have the same question regarding what FSA would have looked like were it not for the high sales number. And I want to make sure that I understand your answer correct. So if I look at FSA as kind of pretax earnings of $80 million, are you suggesting that the number would've been $15 million to $20 million higher, were it not been for the change in the accounting or the extraordinary sales? Can you just give us a feel for exactly what you meant by that comment?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. I'm sorry if I confused you, Mark. This is Larry. What I was trying to communicate and answer to Joanne's question was really a more generic question, not answering a question related to the level of sales in the first quarter. I was answering the generic question about what impact we would expect to see to FSA from the change in DAC accounting guidance. So that was the question that I was answering. Does that help?
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: It does but I think it also kind of brings a follow up, which is obviously, you had strong sales in the quarter, good flows in FSA. But I think most of us, including myself, were a little bit surprised that in a market that rallied as much as it had, the ROAs were kind of maybe not as high as maybe we would've expected. So to the extent that there's some of that can be attributed to the change in the accounting and higher cost that occurred this quarter relative to what we would expect to be a normalized cost based on that flow level, it would be helpful to understand kind of how to quantify that number so we can think about that and how we think about ROAs..
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. You're exactly right. While there was some positive benefit FSA in this quarter, it wasn't as great because of the DAC accounting as it would have been under the prior set of rules. So maybe I'll see if Terry wants to comment a little bit about that.
Terrance J. Lillis: Mark, this is Terry. As you look at the change in the accounting rule, there's less capitalization that's going on, and there's also less amortizations because of the $3.2 billion of sales, you're also seeing more of the expense incurred in the current period than you had in the previous accounting. Now what we gave as guidance for the year was an impact of around $35 million to $45 million of operating earnings impact due to the change in the accounting rules. Now we said a little bit over half of that was due to Full Service Accumulation. So that's basically in line. So if you look at the upper end of that range, $40 million to $45 million impact, you would expect about $20 million or $24 million or $25 million due to FSA alone. Now you take 1/4 of that, but as Larry says, it doesn't always occur throughout the year. So you're probably getting a number that's more in the $5 million, $6 million after-tax impact on this quarter because of, once again, lower capitalization and lower amortization.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, I guess, following up on an John Nadel's question. I guess, the focus really is on generating greater pre-cash flow and capital. Why not have a larger outstanding buyback program to be in the market more opportunistically? So I guess, today's kind of the perfect example where you have $20 million left and the stock is off 6%. I think we now need to wait until mid-May to get another authorization?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. Chris, this is Larry. Again, what I would say is that and certainly, we're well aware of some other companies that will announce the potential, the potential for a large multi-year share repurchases. And what I would say is, first of all, I don't think that that's necessarily an approach that as a Board that they necessarily gotten comfortable with. We've tried to take an alternative, which is to recognize that there is a substantial free cash flow generation capability here. And we've now again tried to refine that further by recognizing that there are times that your shares are outside of what you would consider to be the intrinsic value. If we saw an extended period where that was the case, not one day but if we saw an extended period where that were the case, we'd certainly be in position to be able to execute a share buyback. But our focus in terms of capital deployment, our focus really is more on moving to a higher payout ratio over time and continuing to invest in the business as we need to. So again, the fact that we've done 4 acquisitions in the last year exactly in the spot we want and there's always some level of sort of pipeline around M&A that you'd want to be in position to execute on I think makes them, and I completely agree with this, would make me cautious about wanting to promise too much, too far into the future. So that's the reason that we've gone the way we have. And I think that's definitely the route that we'll continue to operate with.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understand that. I guess, as volatile as things still are today, sometimes the opportunities are there at a present time and if you just can't be in the market when things maybe are a bit more rational, just sometimes can be confusing for investors, but I'll leave it there. And the next thing just in terms of, I guess, the trends in terms of number of plans with NDC? You had some pretty good momentum there on a sequential basis. I want to see kind of what your thoughts are around that moving forward?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Dan, you want to comment?
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. We feel good about that. Thanks for noticing that, Chris. So up a couple of hundred plans, and this is to the credit of the team primarily run that the emerging and dynamic area, may take the necessary steps the better job retaining business. There's also fewer plans being terminated. So we're holding onto those plans and then there's actually been some movement towards startup plans again. So we all keep our fingers crossed that we've kind of bottomed out here in terms of the economic fallout and the negative impact it's had on qualified retirement plan. Pipeline is up double-digit for both emerging and dynamic. It's a little bit flat for institutional but that tends to be a little bit lumpy to begin with. So again, the pipelines are very good and close ratios are very solid. So to your point, we feel good about our ability to grow these plans going forward.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one on foreign exchange. I guess with international growing as quickly as it is, Terry, you made the comment around some is some FX headwinds here in 2Q. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about potentially hedging of foreign currency?
Terrance J. Lillis: Chris, this is Terry. We've looked at the possibility of that. But you'll see volatility in any hedging that you do, as well as the volatility and the exchange rate. And there's an additional cost associated with that, that at this point in time, we don't know if we're getting that much more value out of it, but we'll continue to look at it. As in the past, what we've seen is PI as a smaller percentage of our earnings but now it's in that 17%, 18% range and moving up to a larger range. We'll take that into consideration in the future, but at this point in time, we're not providing that hedging of that currency, but we are providing in the financial supplement more detailed as to what the average we're using on a quarterly basis, as well as the spot yield at the end of the period of time. So it gives you more insights as to what the impact will be based upon the different currencies and the different locations that we're doing business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: A question on capital deployment. You disclosed that you allocated $220 million in the quarter and $56 million of dividend, $50 million to buyback. Can we assume the rest is for Claritas?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry. I think the Claritas was roughly $65 million.
Terrance J. Lillis: Randy, this is Terry. The $220 million includes the full authorization of $100 million, and if you actually look, what was deployed was $50 million of it.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So Claritas is around $65 million? And can you disclose what level of assets under management you acquired in the deal? It said it was majority stake. We're just looking for a little more clarification on what was acquired for that $65 million.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure, I'll let Luis comment.
Luis Valdez: Okay. The size of that operation is about $2 billion total AUMs, and we acquired 60% of that, the total ownership of that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Does that help, Randy?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: It does. Just one last one on that is, what is the -- is it fixed income, more equities, or just asset type?
Luis Valdez: It is much more equity and balance funds rather than fixed income.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Balance funds. One of the reasons that we had specifically identified Claritas was because they actually had a slightly -- they had a different portfolio than most mutual fund managers in Brazil. As you probably know, most mutual fund managers are, as you said, invested in not only fixed income but primarily sovereign debt. So again, Claritas is relatively unique because they've demonstrated competency across several different asset classes within the Brazilian sort of security space. So it was very attractive from that perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I want to revisit one more time the FSA -- the effect of sales on FSA without discussing ASU 2010-26, just forget about that. Are we looking at the situation similar maybe to some asset managers where a high level of sales leads to very high expenses before earnings can really come in off of the assets? Is that the situation that we're looking at here?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, Stephen, this is Larry. I'm going to stay away this time and I'll let Dan clean it up for you.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, I think that's exactly right. As we've changed they come to methodology, our Full Service Accumulation, even for group annuity contracts, which has separate accounts as well, will start to reflect -- look more like our mutual fund sales our Principal Advantage product, and that's actually from our perspective a good thing. So we're certainly seeing higher expense as a result of acquiring those. But as long as I'm on that same topic, I was kind of looking closely at where else are we making the investments over and above last year. So what would cause these expenses, where aer we making investments? One is around mobile applications. One is around expense and fee disclosure, which was a significant investment here in the first quarter. Increasing the size of our sales and service teams. We're continuing to build out the size of that ESOP practice and defined benefit capabilities. We're making additional investment in our product development areas as Larry and Terry both commented about the growth in those diversified real asset and real income mutual fund solutions. Allianz Management, we're continuing to build out that team as we added additional Allianz partners. We've got to build out relationship managers to go along with that. Income solutions, this isn't just about the accumulation business so we've got to continue to make those investments around how we're going to help those in nearing retirement and then retirement, draw down those funds. And again, there's a lot of time and resources being spent there. We still think that the workplace is a great place to educate plan participants on the need to save for retirement. And where some of our competitors have pulled back, we've actually bulked up on our deployment of our workplace efforts. And then lastly, you keep hearing us talk about the TPA initiative. That also requires a lot of resources. Some of the expense lines are up only modestly, and at the same time, you can see we've got a lot of work to do. And that's partially to offset some of the erosion that you've all witnessed in the past on changes that are taking place relative to mix of business, as well as this economic headwind that we continue to fight. The other line worth noting there was the recurring deposits are really showing now a nice solid comeback. They're not back to that pre-crisis level, but again, we think that's going to be a nice contributing factor to operating earnings going forward. Hopefully that helps.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That was good. That's really what I wanted to get at with that question. Just a follow up, since you mentioned it, fee disclosure. Any new thoughts on that and how that might affect the company and the business?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. So the 408(b), which is a component relative to notification to the plan sponsors, we started back in November of '11. That's effectively completed at this point in time. The 404(a) is the part that goes to the plan participant. That'll happen after July 1 within those first 60 days. And where the majority of our education specialists and relationship managers are spending their time right now isn't on the absolute dollar of the fees. Those decisions have been made. That's water on the bridge. Now the discussion is pointed towards how does Principal help the plan sponsors go about educating plan participants on behalf of the plan sponsors on what those fees are. So there's a little bit of work. Some employers are making decisions to start paying some of those fees separately. Some of them are revising the investment lineup, that they're making available. So that's where a lot of our time is spent. And I would tell you that certainly by the fall time, we will have fee disclosure really in our rearview mirror at that point.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But on existing plans at current customers that you currently have, the plan sponsors, their change in behavior has neither been negative or positive for the company. Is that...
Larry Donald Zimpleman: That's correct. There's a few on the edges where as long as we're reviewing expenses, they might put it out for a check bid. But I would say, for all intents and purposes, this discussion has now migrated to how we go about rolling it out to the participant more so than the employer going back and forth with PFG.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one for Terry, if I may. Terry, the historical kind of guidance had been for every 2% move in the S&P 500, it was probably 1% move for EPS for Principal. Is there a relationship that we could look at maybe for that net revenue number?
Terrance J. Lillis: Steven, just to clarify, we talked about a 10% shock in the equity market, up or down and then followed by a 2% increase on a quarter-by-quarter basis from there would have a 4% to 6% impact on operating earnings. And that was a pre-DAC change guidance. And we think it's very comparable, but we'll give you more clarity on that as we see it play out. In terms of the net revenue growth, the net revenue growth, I think, is probably -- will lag the growth in the assets under management a bit because of the types of assets that don't all have the same net revenue. But we monitor the net revenue growth on each of our different businesses. And that's why we look at margin, a return on that net revenue by each of the businesses. Now if you look at, and what we've said in Full Service Accumulation, for example, we think that the net revenue growth will trend pretty stable, and the stability is in that 30 to 32 basis points -- excuse me, 30% to 32% range for that. But we also look at it the total company and it's really a relationship between the net revenue and the expenses that we really monitor very closely by each of the different product types.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Barth with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I realized that there was a lot going on here. That's apparent. Between return on assets, return on net revenues, return on revenues, the DAC accounting, you'd have to be a partner at Deloitte to understand what's going on here. All I know is that for a business, any businesses earnings to grow sustainably at a healthy rate, there's got to be revenue growth. There has to be in any business revenue growth. At least this is my view. And so my question is this, even if you add back, absent the variable income that you didn't have, it looks like there wasn't much revenue growth or net revenue growth. Again, even if you add back the variable income to the -- business, this despite the fact that you have respectable asset growth. And so while I do have a second question for Jim on PGI, what I'd like to know is, what is holding back, putting aside all this other stuff about margins and accounting changes, what is holding back the revenue growth even if you adjust for the absence of that variable income given the strong asset growth that you had? And when can we expect the revenue growth and why?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Well, Eric, this is Larry and again, I'll take a shot at this and look at Dan and Terry to clean it up. But for what I would say is if you just focus on sort of first quarter over first quarter, the net revenue would look relatively flat despite the AUM growth, okay? The average account value would be up about 6%. The net revenue would be about flat. The reason that you don't see more net revenue growth, and again, I want to emphasize, this just a very short look quarter-over-quarter. The reason that don't see the revenue growth equal to the asset growth for that particular comparison is for 2 things: One is the variable income that we've talked about before in first quarter '11, we had a fairly substantial amount of variable investment income in the form of real estate sales that was distributed out to the business units as additional investment income that was there in 2011, not there in 2012. The second factor that impacts the revenue is that again, if you will, investor sentiment, investor choice is moving away from guaranteed accounts and is moving towards fee-based accounts. From an investor perspective, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. That is moving towards fee-based accounts. So ROA can be down, okay, ROA can be down but free cash flow is actually up. And again, the primary reason, if you just took quarter-over-quarter, which I would encourage everyone not to do because that's too short a period to determine trends, but that is more tied to the issues around the variable investment income. So you will see net revenue growth. We've said before, we sort of expect at this point, net revenue growth will be in that 4% to 6% range. And so now the question about seeing growth in FSA earnings will come down to that point that I talked about in my comments and that Dan commented on in the earlier question. It's a point of, do we still feel we need to selectively invest in the business because we have an opportunity to grab substantial market share and we're investing for the long-term health of the business. So how many of those investments do we have to make in 2012? Or would we rather put all of that into your earnings growth and the answer is, it will be some of both. So we'll see net revenue growth, we'll see some earnings growth, but net revenue is going to trail assets under management because of these investor shift differences.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question to Jim. Jim, I certainly understand, congratulations to you on what looks like one of the quarters in sometime in terms of net flows. I know you're making these acquisitions, growing your business very successfully but here to, we didn't see earnings growth and I understand that you're investing in your business. How long will these investments sort of last? Will some of these costs go away? And are you -- relatedly, are you dependent on these performance fees to show earnings growth?
James Patrick McCaughan: Okay. Thank you, Eric. There's quite a few pieces to this, to the answer to that question. As we've said, there are number of accounting issues in the first quarter that make the earnings look worse than I think the underlying performance of the business. We've talked about the tax charge being anomalously high. There was a catch up of a few hundred thousand dollars in incentive comp pull in the first quarter, whereas the previous year, there have been a release for the PFG overhead and security benefits. If you take those things out, though, the numbers for Principal Global Investors underlying are that first quarter 2012 versus 2011 saw a 6% increase in assets under management with a 10% increase in revenue. So revenues in the institutional business actually is slightly richer, very slightly richer relative to assets and with expenses up 7%. And that increase in expenses in a way is higher than you think it would be if you were looking at the operational leverage in the business. That's where the investment is. And Terry mentioned Amsterdam and Dubai. There's also other areas. Those are not the only places we're investing. We have put more people in China, for example, this year compared with last. These are looking to the growth over the next 3 to 5 years. And really, I think what I'm saying here is by putting on significant assets under management at a time of change in the investment management business, when a lot of other players are seeing big outflows, we can build a lot of long-term shareholder value. Now as to your question or when will this really show through to earnings, 1.5 years ago, at Investor Day, I really talked about improving the pretax margin on Principal Global Investors towards 30%, which I regard as a really sort of good industry benchmark over a 5-year period. It may look with the growth we've seen and with margins continuing to be a little bit laggard as if we're a bit behind schedule on that. We're probably ahead of the schedule that we set 1.5 years ago in terms of flows in AUM. But I think all in all, I feel that, that 30% pretax margin remains the target. And I'd really like to try and achieve that 5 years from the initial time that we set it, which was 1.5 years ago. I hope that puts it in context for you, Eric.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It does. It helps a lot.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your comments, please.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us for the call today. And as always, we appreciate your continuing interest. As I said in my opening comments, the momentum behind our business remains very, very strong and I do believe that our fee-based business model, along with the improving credit losses, will allow us to continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders while still investing for our future. So thanks again for listening. I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the coming quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until the end of the day, May 4, 2012. The access code for the replay is sick 6987871. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 for International callers.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel J. Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance & Financial Services Norman R. Sorensen - Chairman of Principal International Inc
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Slides related to today's call are also on the website.  Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman; and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Norman Sorensen and Luis Valdez, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer.  Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or change in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas: First, I'll discuss fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful implementation and execution of our strategy. And I'll close with some comments on the financial strength of the company and our capital management plans.  The fourth quarter saw a continuation of a challenging external environment that had a negative impact on quarterly operating earnings. This includes continued volatility of credit spreads, especially on financials, low interest rates and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against emerging market currencies. Terry will discuss all of these in more detail.  Despite these external challenges in the fourth quarter, the diversified nature of our business model allows us to weather these difficult periods without any significant degradation of the strength of our financial position caused by having significant long-term equity or interest rate guarantees. This is a significant differentiator from many of our insurance competitors. Despite these external challenges, good momentum continued to build across our businesses in the fourth quarter, demonstrating our competitive advantage and the strength of our distribution relationships and product leadership. Some of the growth metrics from the quarter include strong quarterly sales of $3.3 billion for Full Service Accumulation, the third highest on record, contributing to strong net cash flows of $1.6 billion in the quarter; record quarterly sales of $3.1 billion in Principal Funds, contributing to record net cash flows of $900 million in the quarter; strong net cash flows for Principal International of $1.7 billion; and strong sales in U.S. Insurance Solutions, including $55 million in Individual Life sales in the quarter. These strong results will lead to improved earnings and continued growth in 2012 and beyond.  Turning now to the full year, as outlined on Slide 4, overall results were solid despite the external challenges. Total company assets under management were $335 billion at the end of the year, up 5% over year-end 2010. Total company earnings for 2011 improved 4% over 2010 to $878 million, the second highest operating earnings on record, driven by strong sales and enhanced efforts around client retention.  Let me highlight some of the outstanding growth metrics from 2011. Full Service Accumulation full year sales of $8.4 billion were the second highest ever and were 27% higher than 2010 sales. We saw sales growth across all distribution channels and across all plan sizes. Full year net cash flows in Full Service Accumulation were $3.8 billion compared to $600 million for full year 2010. This means net cash flow was 3.5%, a beginning of year account value which is close to flows prior to the financial crisis. Additionally, the pipeline has returned to precrisis levels and is up 25% compared to the same period in 2010.  Principal Funds once again had record sales of $11.2 billion for the year, up 20%, resulting in record net cash flows of $2.2 billion for the year against industry flows which were neutral.  Principal Global Investors had $11 billion in mandates awarded in 2011. As of year end, $3 billion had yet to fund, giving us the opportunity for strong net flows in 2012.  Despite the currency headwinds and an equity market decline in emerging markets, reported assets under management in Principal International were $53 billion for the year, up 15% over 2010, driven by strong organic growth, as well as assets from the HSBC AFORE acquisition. This growth is in spite a roughly a 10% drag from unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Full year net cash flows in Principal International were a record $5.5 billion, a 17% increase over 2010.  In U.S. Insurance Solutions, Individual Life full year sales of $186 million were up 13% compared to 2010, and year-over-year premiums and deposits increased 9% over last year. The nonqualified and business owner markets continued to drive sales in this segment, leading to significantly higher growth than the life industry overall. Full year Specialty Benefits sales were $285 million, up 18% over 2010, with all products showing growth and record sales in Individual Disability.  As we think about 2011 and how that positions us going forward, we have a focused set of strategically aligned businesses that are performing well, have good momentum and have exceptional long-term growth potential.  Now I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy, as well as the key differentiators that make our strategy the right one for long-term growth. We remain committed to providing comprehensive solutions to small and medium-sized businesses. In Full Service Accumulation, Principal Total Retirement Suite continues to be a differentiator for us, driving 61% of 2011 sales. Plan sponsors and plan participants like the convenience of having all of their retirement plans from one top-tier provider, driving better close ratios and better persistency for this block. Client retention efforts in Full Service Accumulation over the past few years have resulted in lower withdrawals, contributing to improved lapse rates overall. Our focus on the Allianz distribution channel continues to drive strong Full Service Accumulation sales, with over 44% of total sales coming from Allianz firms. We continue to build out these relationships by adding more products to their platforms and creating more ways to win. Our Allianz distribution relationships were recently strengthened with the addition of another national broker-dealer, Edward Jones. Edward Jones is one of the largest and most recognized broker-dealers in the U.S. and focuses on small and medium-sized clients like we do. We're excited about the opportunity to build upon this multiproduct relationship in the coming years.  Moving now to our efforts to capture and retain more baby boomer assets, our growth in Principal Funds is driven by an outcome-oriented, multi-manager product strategy. We offer mutual funds that meet specific investor needs, such as providing income strategies for helping to protect against inflation and market volatility, especially for investors nearing and in retirement. The most recent fund launched was the Global Multi-Strategy Fund, which seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation with an emphasis on positive total returns and relatively low volatility.  Our product innovation and distribution model continued to be differentiators for Principal Funds. Four funds had more than $1 billion in sales in 2011: the Global Diversified Income Fund, High Yield Fund, Preferred Securities Fund, and Strategic Asset Management Portfolios. Additionally, our broad suite of investment and income solutions, which allows us to capture and retain assets as plan participants retire, contributed more than $1 billion in Principal Funds sales in 2011.  The single best leading indicator of future sales is investment performance. Investment performance continues to be strong across asset classes and is a differentiator for the Principal. The strong performance includes particular strength in asset allocation where at quarter end 94% of our target date and target risk funds were in the top half on a 1-year basis, 84% on a 3-year basis and 69% on a 5-year basis.  2011 was a very successful year in terms of executing our global investment management strategy. During the year, we announced and closed on 3 acquisitions that were exactly the right fit for our strategy. In Principal Global Investors, we acquired a majority stake in Finisterre Capital and Origin Asset Management, both based in London and both focused internationally with an emphasis on emerging markets. These fit perfectly within our successful multi-boutique strategy and through our global distribution platform, we expect to grow assets under management by 3 to 5x in the next 5 years for each acquired boutique.  In the last week, we received approval to launch a Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor or QFII fund, which allows foreign investors to invest in China. This further positions us as a leading global investment manager.  In Principal International, we announced and closed on the acquisition of HSBC AFORE, which is the mandatory Defined Contribution business in Mexico. This acquisition added scale to grow our operations in Mexico, making the Principal the seventh largest AFORE in Mexico and giving us an important 5-year exclusive distribution agreement with HSBC Mexico, which has the fourth largest bank distribution platform. This deal complements our existing infrastructure, is already accretive and a meaningful contributor to Principal International's earnings. This acquisition is just one example of the tremendous growth and success we've seen in Principal International. That's thanks in large part to the contributions from the Chairman of Principal International, Norman Sorensen.  As we announced several weeks ago, Norman will retire at the end of this month. We thank him for his tremendous contribution during his 14 years at the Principal and look forward to his continued involvement on our international advisory council in 2012. As the successful head of our Latin American operations for the past decade, Luis Valdez, President and CEO of Principal International, will continue to lead this division. This transition is part of a planned succession that we announced last year. Norman and Luis have been working closely together and we look forward to additional global growth under Luis' leadership.  Overall, I am very pleased with the continued execution of our strategy across the businesses. With a strategy that is focused on businesses that offer potential for significant long-term growth, our outlook remains positive going into 2012 and beyond. As a global investment management leader, our business mix is the right one. We're in the right growth markets and we know what it takes to stay competitive.  Moving now to some comments on the strength and flexibility of our financial position. As shown on Slide 5, our business model has shifted to a more fee-based investment management model, which means we need less capital to support organic growth. And with realized capital losses now down to their lowest levels since the financial crisis, we can put even more capital to work to build long-term shareholder value. This enables us to deploy more capital towards strategic acquisitions and return more capital to shareholders. As evidence of that, we strategically deployed more than $1.1 billion of capital throughout 2011 while starting and ending the year at the same level of excess capital in what remains a challenging environment. We are very pleased with the combination of capital deployment actions we took this year, and we will use this model as a template going forward.  Further evidence of our commitment to building long-term value for shareholders is our recent announcement that we will move to a quarterly common stock dividend schedule starting in first quarter 2012. This action reflects the migration of our business model to more fee-based businesses and the absence of a significant exposure to products with long-term guarantees that can negatively impact our financial strength.  The solid performance in 2011 is the result of our employees' dedication and focus on successfully executing on our strategy. Despite ongoing market challenges, our employees continue to work hard to serve advisers and clients. I'm proud of the work they do and look forward to our future as a leading global investment manager. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. As Larry mentioned, fourth quarter earnings were negatively impacted by headwinds. However, business fundamentals remain strong. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter and full year; net income, including continued solid performance of our investment portfolio; and the strength of our capital position and strong balance sheet as we enter 2012.  Fourth quarter 2011 operating earnings of $217 million were up 1% from a year ago quarter, on 5% higher average assets under management. There were a few notable items impacting fourth quarter 2011 operating earnings. Fourth quarter 2011 had positive DAC amortization true-ups due to the equity market performance, which benefited Full Service Accumulation, Individual Annuities and Individual Life by $0.01 each. Principal International benefited by $0.03 from foreign tax credits and the removal of a 1-month reporting lag in Brasilprev, thus reporting 4 months of earnings from that operation in the fourth quarter. Full Service Accumulation was dampened by $0.04 from lower spread and higher expenses in the quarter, and the Corporate segment was negatively impacted by $0.04 from lower variable investment income on excess capital held at the holding company from an active credit strategy. Adjusting for these items, we consider the earnings per share run rate for the fourth quarter to be $0.73 and fourth quarter 2011 earnings down 2% on a 5% increase in average assets under management, compared to adjusted fourth quarter 2010.  Now let me discuss the business unit results. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $64 million were down 16% from a year ago quarter on a 3% increase in average account values. The earnings drop was driven by higher quarterly cost for pension and other postretirement benefits, which we refer to as security benefit cost, higher nondeferrable sales compensation expense and less variable investment income. A more normalized earnings results for this quarter would have been $72 million.  In 2012, new regulation for plan sponsor and participant fee disclosures are scheduled to take effect. The Principal has been well positioned for this regulatory change and we were an early adopter of the proposed disclosure regulations in fall of 2011. Advisers and plan sponsors place business with us because of our compelling value proposition, not because we're the cheapest provider. The retirement industry is fragmented, and we expect to see the industries consolidate to the top players, such as the Principal.  Let me make a couple of comments related to the Full Service Accumulation margins. Slide 6 summarizes the leading drivers of the return on assets since 2004. Factor one, which has been the largest impact, is a consumer-driven shift in business mix, which I'll give more detail on in a moment. The second factor is the current market environment, which has reduced recurring deposits. The third factor listed, growth, retention and efficiency, is one we have and will continue to influence through scale and focused execution.  As depicted on Slide 7, the mix of business is shifting away from general and separate account investments into mutual funds and employer securities, reducing return on assets but improving free cash flow generation. As this business mix continues to shift and more business is written on our mutual fund platform in a nondomestic equity investment, fewer dividends are eligible for the dividend received deduction benefit, which also reduces the return on assets. Despite this, we continue to deliver industry-leading return on assets. When we measure results for Full Service Accumulation, we also look at other profit metrics, such as pretax margins and pretax return on net revenue, which are better indicators of the financial performance of the business.  Slide 8 illustrates our stable track record of driving revenues to the bottom line, even as customer preferences migrate to different asset types. Return on revenue margins continues to be a key focus. 2011 Full Service Accumulation sales of $8.4 billion was very strong, up 27% over 2010. The underlying fundamentals within Full Service Accumulation continue to improve. The sales pipeline continues to build across all market sizes and distribution channels, and the close ratios continue to improve. We are actively executing on our strategy to win more business and gain market share despite the shift in business mix and environmental headwinds.  Strong transfer deposits, combined with excellent client retention, drove full year net cash flow of $3.8 billion or 3.5% of beginning year account value, against an industry that ended the year flat as estimated by Cerulli. We also saw modest growth in recurring deposits year-over-year, reflecting improvement in employer matches and salary deferrals. While unemployment rates remain elevated, these trends increase our optimism about improvement in the U.S. economy in 2012.  Principal Funds continues to deliver strong operating results. Operating earnings at $11 million in the fourth quarter were in line with the year ago quarter. On a full year basis, 2011 operating earnings of $48 million were up 22% on 12% increase in average account values. Full year 2011 sales were $11.2 billion, up 20% over 2010, driving full year net cash flows to a record $2.2 billion. Individual Annuities operating earnings in fourth quarter 2011 were $30 million, down $3 million from a year ago quarter. As the low interest rate environment persists, Individual Annuities will continue to experience spread compression.  Fourth quarter 2011 earnings from Principal Global Investors were $18 million, down 9% from a year ago quarter on a 2% increase in average assets under management, primarily due to higher compensation cost and the acquisition cost related with our purchase of Origin Asset Management. In fourth quarter 2011, we earned performance fees on our hedge funds at Columbus Circle Investors, one of our investment boutiques. As is common in the industry, a substantial portion of those fees is shared with the investment managers. On a full year basis, earnings were up 26% on a 5% increase in average assets under management as pretax margins expanded to 21.4%, another step on our road back to the target of over 30% pretax margin. Unaffiliated net cash flow for the quarter was a negative $900 million due to market volatility causing some delay in the funding of mandates awarded until after year end. Principal Global Investors had $11 billion in mandates awarded in 2011, double the amount awarded in 2010. As Larry mentioned, as of year end, $3 billion of the 2011 total awarded had yet to fund.  We remain optimistic about the likely institutional net flows for Principal Global Investors in 2012. We base this optimism on a high level of client interest in awarding new mandates for our capabilities, and also on a generally good client appreciation of our investment performance and service. Additional activities that bode well for the long-term growth are the 2012 launch of the QFII fund, as well as the expanded series of Islamic investments. However, market volatility continues to feed uncertainty about client plans, so we see this as a risk. As we continue to monitor the global economy and focus on things we can control, such as execution and fund performance, we remain cautiously optimistic as we begin 2012.  Moving to Principal International, operating earnings at $51 million include one-time benefits of approximately $10 million. Of this, $7 million results from an additional month of earnings in current quarter results from Brasilprev as we closed the 1-month reporting lag for that business. This also impacts assets under management and net cash flow. After this change, we will no longer have any material operations in Principal International on a 1-month reporting lag. The remaining $3 million benefit came from some foreign tax credits we were able to recognize. Assets under management were $53 billion at year end, down 3% from third quarter 2011. Net cash flow of $1.7 billion and positive investment performance of $1.3 billion was more than offset by the negative $4.8 billion effect of exchange rates from the strengthening dollar. While the underlying growth of the companies on a local basis at approximately 15% remain strong, 2012 began with operating earnings weighted foreign exchange rates, roughly 10% less favorable than the 2011 average rates, providing a headwind to U.S. dollar reported earnings. Our financial supplement now includes foreign exchange information used for financial reporting to help you better analyze the impact of exchange rates on Principal International.  A quick comment on an item that will impact Principal International in the first quarter 2012. In the Mexican AFORE pension market, participants who did not select in AFORE are assigned to various providers. The regulator of the Mexican AFORE pension market has initiated a program to reassign these participants to providers with higher net investment returns. Principal will both gain and lose participants from this recent reassignment. A reassignment of participants out of the Principal AFORE will result in an after-tax write-down of present value of future profits, while participants that transfer in will not generate capitalized expenses. In January 2012, participants were transferred out of the Principal AFORE, generating an after-tax present value future profits write-off of approximately $5 million. Future revenue loss on these accounts will be partially offset by revenues from any future participants assigned to us.  Individual Life fourth quarter operating earnings were $33 million. This was in line with the year ago quarter after adjusting fourth quarter 2010 for the impact of a one-time increase in net reserves following a periodic long-term interest rate assumption review. On a full year basis, Individual Life had record operating earnings of $119 million. Full year life sales of $186 million were up 13%, driven by nonqualified product offerings, as well as continued success in the business owner and executive solutions market.  Turning to Specialty Benefits, fourth quarter operating earnings were $26 million, down $4 million from a favorable year ago quarter. Premium growth and stable claim experience were more than offset by lower variable investment income and higher security benefit cost in the current quarter. On a full year basis, Specialty Benefits earnings were up 5% on a 6% increase in premium fees. Additionally, on a full year basis, loss ratios remained very stable and at the midpoint of our targeted range. Our Specialty Benefits business continues to perform very well.  The Corporate segment reported an operating loss of $43 million, driven by a shortfall in performance on an active credit strategy of approximately $13 million. The loss was primarily driven by the write-down of an MF Global bond. The active credit strategy provided a 4 1/4% annualized return since inception. However, we have completely wound this strategy down as of January 2012 due to the added volatility and the continued deployment of excess capital at the holding company in 2011. As we communicated on our guidance call, we expect full year 2012 operating losses for the Corporate segment of $120 million to $130 million.  For the year, total company net income was $682 million, an increase of 2% over 2010. We also experienced $147 million of credit-related investment losses for the year, a continued downward trend to a multiyear low. The evolution of our business model means we now have a much higher portion of our earnings coming from less capital intensive, more fee-based businesses. As the low interest rate environment persists, our earnings will grow but at a slower rate, as shown in Slide 9.  In addition to the items I previously mentioned that will impact 2012 results in Principal International and the Corporate segment, let me provide a brief update on the impact of deferred acquisition cost guidance that went into effect in January. We continue to refine our modeled impacts from the new guidance, and Slide 10 summarizes our updated estimates. While the 2012 total company earnings impact estimate remains at $35 million to $45 million, there is a slight shift in the business segment split.  Moving to our balance sheet, our net unrealized capital gain position of $1.6 billion was unchanged from third quarter 2011. As a reminder, because of our strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement do not result in economic impact and do not force us to sell assets. In the fourth quarter, we completed a $100 million share buyback authorization, paid $215 million for our common stock dividend and closed on the Origin acquisition for approximately $60 million. Looking at capital adequacy, we estimate our year-end risk-based capital ratio to be 445%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.6 billion of total excess capital, with approximately $600 million of the excess capital at the holding company.  As outlined in Slide 11, in 2011, we deployed more than $1.1 billion of capital. This includes $350 million for strategic acquisitions, $550 million for opportunistic share repurchase, and the common stock dividend I previously mentioned. We expect our 2012 capital deployment strategy to be very similar to 2011. We believe our decision to move to a quarterly common stock dividend and our overall capital deployment actions demonstrate our commitment to creating long-term value for shareholders.  In closing, we are very pleased with the strong underlying fundamentals of our businesses as we look into 2012 and beyond.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a question on ROA. The slides are helpful and the guidance is a little bit lower, the 24 to 26 basis points. I'm just trying to get a perspective on how that might get better or get worse in 2013. It seems like the -- of the 3 bullets you laid out in your presentation, the consumer shift, as well as a lot of your initiatives on retention and efficiency, thus far, it don't change as much or maybe the market would get better. I'm just trying to think about how we want to think about that ROA a little bit longer term.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Randy, this is Larry. I think what you said makes a lot of sense. I don't think we'll see quite as dramatic shift in some of those consumer-driven components. Probably, the one that will have a little bit more impact is that -- and it's a good news event and that's the reality that we are writing on a relative basis, more and more of the business on the mutual fund platform. And it has 2 impacts: One would be, of course, the difference in DRD on the mutual fund platform. And the second is, which is a little bit muted because of the EITF change, but the second one is that we don't DAC anything on the mutual fund platform. So in the short term, that might look like a little less ROA but obviously, in the longer term, assuming again we can continue the kind of client retention we've had, it should contribute to actually improved ROAs over time as that new business becomes less as a percentage of the total.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And just a quick one on FSA as well, the number of cases, it kind of keeps falling and I think this had been a topic on previous calls, but the cases are larger. And is that just -- is that something we can expect to continue? Is that a function of less new business creation? Or is that something you're intentionally doing, maybe to take advantage of scale?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, there is -- our intention, Randy, is to write small, medium and large-sized plans, write them in all categories. And if you actually look at the number of cases written in 2011, they were up 30% over 2010. And you remember, the assets that were written in 2011 were up 27%. So obviously, we're continuing to focus on the small plan, but I'll let Dan comment on the trend overall for the platform.
Daniel J. Houston: Randy, it's certainly our intention to sell across the entire platform, small, medium and large. And with an 80% plus increase in TPA sales, that gives you some indication of our reemphasizing on the small case market. But a couple of stats relative to the startup plans and plan terminations. And again, this is a differentiation between not going to another service provider, but the plan terminated itself. What we've seen is start-ups are themselves are down by about 500 contracts on an annualized basis. And if we look at plan terms, those plan terms are still up by over 10% from a year ago. So most of the shrinkages occurred in that small, less than 500 life employer market. And until we start seeing the economy turn around and we see new startup plans and we see fewer plans terminating, we probably won't see a significant increase in that space.
Operator: Next question is from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The question I have is on the FSA ROA roll forward from 2004. And I guess if you -- could you give us some numbers around the pieces here? Like the general account shift, I mean, I would guess that might be 3 or 4 basis points of ROA. But maybe could you give us some sense of each of those pieces? And then a related question is, you mentioned the greater use of nonproprietary options as a factor behind the ROA decline. I thought that the impact to FSA margins was 0 if depending -- regardless of whether it was a proprietary or nonproprietary fund, and that the benefit of that was where you would see the benefit of a proprietary fund was in the PGI segment. So maybe help us understand that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Ed, this is Larry. I'm going to make a couple of comments, then I'll let Terry kind of deal with that greater bucket about consumer driven. My comment on the nonproprietary, Ed, is really more focused around the issue on new business. The reality is that most of the time, when you write new business -- and the good news is we've been writing more than our fair share of new business, you're not going to drive as much proprietary assets into that new business initially. That's just the way it's worked for decades. And so as you write new business and you write greater volumes of new business on a nonproprietary platform, that will have some negative impact. It will have some degradation in the ROA. Now what happens over time, because of the expertise of our service staff and our relationship managers, we basically convert a lot of that nonproprietary money over to proprietary assets in Years 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 as the investment lineup is reviewed and changed. And as I said in my comment, the great thing here is that our investment performance across our proprietary platform, and particularly on PGI, is exceptionally strong. It's exceptionally strong. So we do believe that we'll see that help us and become more of a tailwind as we go forward. So I'll have Terry comment on the consumer-driven component.
Terrance J. Lillis: Ed, this is Terry. As we look at the roll down of the ROA since 2004 to 2011, there's a lot of components that come into it. But mix of businesses, as the slides indicated, is probably our biggest driver of it now. I'm going to give you some metrics associated with each of these types of investment but you have to realize that these are revenues that are generated, expenses are allocated to it, the equity market and the DAC amortization, all that stuff that comes into play. But in general, the general account is probably the more profitable business because there are more risks associated with that type of investment and more capital associated with that as well. But that's probably in that 70, 75 basis points range would be a profitability. Separate accounts also have profitability associated with them of around 30 to 35 basis points. Now it is where most of the DRD or the dividend received deduction benefit is coming into play. And so that's why we separated that out. As that rolls down, that tax credit we get will probably be a little bit less. But 30 to 35 basis points would probably be a good profitability measure there. The proprietary funds and the nonproprietary funds, they, as you mentioned before, have similar profitability metrics. It also comes into play as to what types of investments that they're making, whether they are passive or active or they are international fixed income equity. All that comes into play. But roughly, we're talking 15 to 20 basis points of profitability for those types of businesses. And then the employer securities, which is more of a consulting relationship, where we'll be able to benefit as those participants cash out of their plan and retain them in other markets. That's probably in that 5 basis points. So if you weight those, you get roughly what we reported in terms of the ROA roll down in our slide deck as well. Now once again, as I mentioned, you got to take into consideration some noise. The equity market improvement or decline has some play as to how much DAC amortization, but that would get you roughly those numbers.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, that's extremely helpful. Just one -- did you say 15 to 20 or 15 to 25 on proprietary?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: 15 to 20.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: 15 to 20. And the number that you -- I can't recall if you had said -- when you gave your outlook, I think maybe you did about expected capital deployment of $800 million to $900 million for this year. Did you comment on how much of that you consider to be just the free cash flow generated versus how much of it is working down on the on balance sheet?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I would say, Ed, that the vast, vast majority is really just coming. If you will, it's basically net income. So the vast majority of that -- I mean, we -- again, we have excess capital of about $1.6 billion that we want to hold an internal cushion probably around $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion. So we'd have what we have considered to be somewhere around $400 million, $450 million of sort of truly excess cash. We'll work that down, but that will be down over multiple years. So for the most part, that represents the net income that we expect in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got a few. Firstly, just a follow-up on Ed's question. The difference between the annuity structure and the trust structure of 30 to 35 on the annuity and the 15 to 20 on the mutual fund structure, is that purely the DRD? Are there any other factors that's driving that change in profitability?
Terrance J. Lillis: Mark, this is Terry. I'd say that's entirely the DRD at this point in time.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a few other clarifications. Just -- I think you stated it in the presentation, but the 22 to 26 that you're looking at for 2015, that compares to the 27. That doesn't compare to the 24 to 26 that you're assuming for 2012 due to the DAC. Correct?
Terrance J. Lillis: The lower number, the 22 to 26 is on a post-EITF basis. That's a reduction. So that would be down from that 27 basis points that we are saying at this point in time. It's probably a good run rate.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sorry, just to clarify. So the 22 to 26 is assuming that the EITF 09-G is implemented. So it does compare to the 24 to 26 that you're assuming for 2012.
Terrance J. Lillis: The 22 to 26 is on the after DAC changes.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: No, the 22 to 26, Mark, is done on the same consistent basis as the 27 in 2011. If you can see from the slide, the slide says all years on a pre-DAC change basis.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, okay.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That was my interpretation. I just want to understand.
Terrance J. Lillis: I apologize.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I agree.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a couple of questions on that. Firstly, in the explanations, you have kind of the market impacts, which I think was a negative 3 basis points. In your 22 to 26, are you assuming any recovery in some of those factors, planned terminations, et cetera? Or are you kind of assuming that where we are today is what we're going to look like 3 years from now with no recovery from market factors?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would say -- Mark, this is Larry -- it would be our best guess that whatever trends we kind of see sort of operating in the market today, which would be, again, generally speaking, sort of a slow economic recovery, those are the trends that we would be sort of looking at between now and 2015. So we're not assuming any particular rapid recovery. We're not assuming any particular significant fall in the economy. We're assuming it looks more like it does today.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the capital deployment, picking up something you actually said in your opening remarks, is there any change in your thinking between M&A and buybacks in the $800 million to $900 million that's not allocated to dividends?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I wouldn't say there's any change in thinking, Randy (sic) [Mark], but the one thing that I always say is that M&A is very, very, very difficult to forecast. It's just very, very difficult to forecast. So when you'd say to anybody who sits in my seat, "How much do you expect to deploy of that $800 million to $900 million, how much do you expect to deploy in M&A for the year?" I mean, that would literally just be throwing a dart at the wall because you really don't know. What I would say is that we have a strategy that has probably the highest level of organic growth embedded into it. If anybody -- any of our competitors, whether it's on the insurance side or the asset management side. So for us, M&A needs to be the right M&A. It needs to be accretive. It needs to further augment our growth capability. And I would just say again, the real success for us in 2011, among other things, were the 3 acquisitions that we did. And if we could do that every year, I would be a very, very happy CEO.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Actually, just one final quick question. In the expectations around 2015 of 22 to 26, what's the assumed AUM growth annually?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, you'd have -- again, generally, Randy (sic) [Mark], what you'd have there would be about 8% equity market growth. You've got some of it in fixed income. So it's not going to grow as fast. You've got a little bit of it in international. It might grow at 9%. And then again, we'd probably be looking at net cash flow, about 4% of beginning account value. That would get you to your total AUM growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just one quick follow-up to Mark's question and I'll have another one -- excuse me. So looking at Slide 8 in the illustration for 20 to 25, as well as the title that says, "pre DAC," given there seems to be this 2 basis point reduction from the DAC accounting change, if we did it on a sort of post-DAC basis, is the 22 to 26 really 20 to 24?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess the other thing that I'm sort of struggling with -- and I appreciate the detail on the slides. But the other thing I'm struggling with is, if you look at this business from 2004 to 2011, you had, I don't know, 84% growth in average account values just using the numbers that are on your slide. So I'm just wondering why this business, why we're not seeing -- in addition to all the issues that you laid out that are resulting in a decline in the ROA, why we're not seeing massive positive operating leverage?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Suneet, this is Larry, and I'll ask Dan to comment as well. We are driving positive operating leverage into the business. As we've shown you on the slide, we think that we've driven somewhere around 4 basis points net, 4 basis points net of efficiency that there are truly scale advantages to this business. And we've commented before about how, in the recent years, we've added very, very -- actually sort of the net employee count is actually down a little bit, but we've obviously been adding business. But one thing I would say here though, just to kind of temper that enthusiasm because there are economies of scale, but at the same time, Suneet, it is absolutely critical that we continue to invest in this business. And that means investing in distribution. It means investing in the IT platform. It means investing to make sure we have the right asset management of things in place. So we will continue to invest in this business because it is critical for the long-term success. So we have to balance that. We have to balance the need to drive operational efficiency and scale, but we also have to invest in the business. And I think, again -- actually, again, net-net on a 4 basis points over the last 7 years, that's actually a pretty good record. But maybe I'll let Dan comment.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, well said. So you set aside those consumer-driven issues and the market impact. I'm very optimistic that as the economy continues to recover here, we'll get those market, environmental component back into our operating earnings leverage. If you just look at the overall contribution that investments would have contributed to net cash flow this past year, it was -- or to our account values, it was 0. That was the overall contribution that we derived from the investment from this $1 billion -- $100 billion plus platform. The other piece of what I would call very good news comes from Chatham, and it's, "Alright, you've reduced your expense structure. You've made some investments. Are your clients satisfied?" Among our emerging clients that we surveyed recently, we had 96% satisfaction. We look at our dynamic, where Principal is 42% above the industry benchmark. When you look at institutional, we were 36% above the industry benchmark. Overall satisfaction is 97% for institutional and dynamic. So not only are we becoming more efficient, not only are we launching new products, but we're retaining customers at very record levels. So I feel as if we are establishing a very solid base here for our ability to continue to be truly one of the nation's leading providers of these retirement services to small to medium-sized businesses. Hopefully, that helps.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, that's great. Just one last quick follow-up. On Slide 8 again, on this ROA versus ROE trade off for FSA, given your commentary, what was the rough ROE of this business in 2004 given versus where it is today?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll ask Terry.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes. Suneet, this is Terry. The -- in 2004, that business had a much more capital intensive because of the general account mix. So it was probably just slightly below the net 20% range. And so it's now plus -- 25-plus percent. So as that ROA has declined, it's freed up capital, less capital intensive businesses, and you've seen the ROE increase significantly as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One more on Page 8. Given what we're looking at here in terms of the return on assets, and particularly the proposed DAC, I don't think this was touched upon -- maybe I missed it. But the ability to take cash out, you've been at 60, 65 for a while. You've got up to around 70 now. If you're looking at just 2015 and this works out the way that you think, how much money do you think you can get out? What kind of percent?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Oh, you're talking -- I'm sorry. Steve, this is Larry. You're talking about the percent of asset -- the percent of the earnings that can be passed through to free cash flow?
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that would be right.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. So I'm sorry. So again, today, my guess is that we'll continue to be able to increase that. I mean, maybe it's in the range of 1 to 2 percentage points every year. So that sort of 65 becomes 67 in a couple of years, becomes 70 in couple of years. That sort of rate.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I can, just on a comment, I think, Larry, you mentioned that FSA pipeline was up 25% year-over-year. Does that imply that we could be looking at a 25% increase in sales for the first quarter?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll let Dan take that one, Steve.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. Knowing that many of our members of the sales force are listening to the call, yes, absolutely. We do like to think that we can convert our pipeline to sales, but you know how this goes. We don't -- we're not 100% successful. We feel good about the pipeline for a couple of different reasons: One is, it isn't filled with just large cases. This isn't just an institutional place. We've got really great traction going on for small, medium and large. Our close rates are up from where they were a year ago and we feel optimistic about delivering a solid sales result for 2011, and we're off to a good start so far.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would just say, Steve, it isn't like that to get a very solid sales result in Q4, we had to clean up the pipeline. Let's just say it that way.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then if I may, one kind of out of the blue, there was -- I think it was an investor. It was one of the trade reps. China, is something going on in the pension market in China? It looked like they might be going to some voluntary individual type of pension plan. Could you comment on that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'm going to let Norman comment on that one. He's been Mr. China here for several years. So Norman, take that one.
Norman R. Sorensen: Basically, what's been happening since 2005 is the Chinese government has established something called enterprise annuity, which is a clone of 401(k), but it doesn't have the tax advantages that 401(k) has in the U.S. So they've been perfecting this. So far, foreign companies have not been allowed. We are first in line for this, and our application stands back to about 2007. So we're very hopeful that sooner than later, we'll get approval to enter that market with a license for the enterprise annuity. By the way, it's not an annuity. It's a misnomer. It is really a 401(k) type plan. We have enormous confidence that, that market will be very, very large. And not only us, but a number of American companies will benefit from it.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So there's nothing new going on. It's just the same process that's been going on now for quite a while.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: That's correct.
Norman R. Sorensen: The process is underway, but they're perfecting it. For example, they're beginning to add some tax advantages to the thing. They see that employees will not contribute as much unless they have tax advantages. So the tax department is working on this. It's a whole roundabout of many -- various ministries that are trying to perfect this system. The key to us, to it obviously, is our entry. We need to get entry first since no foreign company has yet been allowed.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question, in terms of we're seeing some better payroll data, small and medium-sized business data is finally showing a bit more momentum at least, sort of the best since '08. So, curious in terms of how we should think about the potential benefit to sales and flows, if this persists, and then ultimately, what that should imply from an ROA and ROE standpoint, things flowing through the bottom line.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, well, I'll make a few comments on that. I think we'd said, going into 2011, Chris, as you remember, we expected to have sort of a muted economic recovery and we talked, for example, for full service accum, we talked about net cash flow that was in the 3% to 5% range. I would say, as you know, when things are sort of hitting on all cylinders relative to the economy and small and medium employers and we get the startup plans that Dan was talking about before, we'd expect that net cash flow to be more in that 4% to 6% of beginning account value range. So we're sort of 2/3, 3/4 of the way back towards what might be normal under the old conditions. I don't know if we'll get there exactly in 2012. It does look like we're inching closer to that. But whether we'll see that consistent growth in 2012, I don't know. My own personal view is that we've got to deal with some of the longer term and more systemic sort of budget issues. And we may need to think a little bit more about tax reform before we finally see that uncertainty, which has been sort of hanging over the American economy for some time. In terms of ROAs and ROEs and all of that, again, what I would just caution you about there is that again, with the change in EITF, you're going to see some negative impact on those ROAs. And the other thing, again, we're writing more and more the business on a mutual fund platform that doesn't allow any sort of DAC. So it looks less profitable in the early years, and more and more of the business are going on that platform. So that one is a little bit harder to predict. Anything else, Dan?
Daniel J. Houston: No. The only thing I was going to throw out is we're just trying to test the markets for the economic recovery. We know that we track in our Specialty Benefits division the number of workers covered in our life and disability and dental businesses and for the first time now, we have a full trailing 12 months positive growth. It's not up to where it has historically been at that 1.5% growth per year, but it's now turning positive. So again, we feel good that there is employment growth returning to the small to medium-sized marketplace.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up then in terms of the competitive landscape. There's been the finalization of the Fee Disclosure Act that came out yesterday. There's been a lot basically saying that if you're a small business, now is the time to really be shopping 401(k) plans because you're seeing a lot of sort of new entries, Vanguard's coming out with sort of a low -- another low-cost feature. So there's been a lot of sort of pressure around continued shopping. So I'm curious in terms of what you guys are seeing there, potential opportunities and risks from the recent environment.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. That's a good question. I'll let Dan comment.
Daniel J. Houston: Chris, this isn't something that happened just this week or just this year. This has been going on for the last several years. All the advisers are out there, doing their jobs with their respective companies and they've put these plans out to bid. We see the fee disclosure frankly as a very positive move overall. It gives us an opportunity to clearly articulate our value proposition. It resonates with the advisers. It resonates with the plan sponsors. And then another note relative to an article earlier in the week about passive investment options and what's the implication on Principal, we have already in excess of $15 billion of passive investment options on our platform. About 24,500 of our plans, call it mid-30,000 some-odd plans, already have a passive investment option, and we have 6 passive options available to our clients. So we don't see that this is a pivotal event then all of a sudden the money migrates towards passive. And frankly, investment return for active managers like Principal Global Investors has really improved here in the last 12 months and we feel very good about getting out and not only talking about fee disclosure, but talking about TRS, talking about TPAs and option and profiling again so many of these new investment options that we have available to our customers through our relationship managers and our customer service associates that are deployed locally.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to all of you for joining us today. We're excited about 2012 when we entered the year with good momentum across all our businesses. Our financial position remains very strong and with excess capital of $1.6 billion, we look forward to the opportunities that are in front of us. Hopefully, everybody has a great day. Thanks for listening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning approximately 8 p.m. Eastern Time until the end of the day, February 10, 2012. 39011663 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canada callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance and Financial Services Larry Donald Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance J. Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President James Patrick McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Julia M. Lawler - Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer of Principal Life Insurance Company and Senior Vice President of Principal Life Insurance Company John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we will open up the call for questions.  Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Norman Sorensen, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us today is Luis Valdes, President and CEO of Principal International.  Some of the comments made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll discuss financial results. Third quarter had more than the usual amount of noise associated with market events that may mask underlying growth, which remains strong. Second, I'll provide an update on the continued successful implementation and execution of our strategy and I'll close with some comments on the regulatory environment, as well as other items that demonstrate the growing strength of the Principal. Then Terry will cover the financial results in more detail and discuss the long-term impact of low interest rates and impacts to the 2012 results from the new deferred acquisition cost guidance.  Overall, while third quarter financial results were impacted by external market factors which I'll discussed briefly, we are pleased with the continuing momentum of our businesses. That momentum has been building throughout 2011 and is reflected in strong year-to-date results in all of our businesses. Despite the economic and market headwinds, we remain optimistic that the ongoing momentum and strong underlying fundamentals of our business will carry on into fourth quarter.   Let's look at the third quarter financial results in more detail. As Terry will discuss, we incurred approximately $22 million or $0.07 per share of market-related deferred acquisition cost impacts caused by the 14% decline in the S&P 500 for the quarter. In addition, we saw the variable investment income on excess capital held at the holding company be reduced by $12 million or $0.04 per share due to negative marks caused by widening of credit spreads during the quarter. Despite the impact of these on our quarterly financial results, the growth metrics of sales and net cash flow continue to be outstanding for the quarter, including Full Service Accumulation sales of $1.5 billion for the quarter, up 72% over third quarter 2010, driving net cash flows to $350 million compared to negative net cash flows of $200 million in third quarter 2010. Principal Funds' third quarter sales of $2.6 billion drove $180 million of net cash flows this quarter. Principal Global Investors' unaffiliated net cash flows were $1.2 billion this quarter as a result of strong sales and $5.6 billion in deposits. And Principal International net cash flows of $700 million in third quarter 2011 were down slightly from third quarter 2010, caused by slower growth in Asia.  Importantly, pipelines remain strong across our businesses, although continuing economic uncertainty may have an impact over time. Because quarterly financial results are often impacted by short-term economic and market events, it is more constructive to look at year-to-date results for both sales and financial results to see the health of the businesses.  Full Service Accumulation sales are $5.2 billion year-to-date, and year-to-date net cash flow is $2.2 billion. For full-year 2011, we expect Full Service Accumulation sales to increase 20% to 25% over 2010 sales. Principal Funds' year-to-date sales are up 20%, and year-to-date net cash flows have increased 29% over 2010. For the full year, we expect Funds' sales to be up approximately 15% and net cash flows to be approximately 5% of beginning account value.  Principal Global Investors' operating revenues are up 14% year-to-date, and operating earnings are up 44%. Investment performance remains solid, and our unaffiliated pipeline continues to be strong.  Principal International continues to have another solid year, with $3.8 billion of net cash flows year-to-date, which are up 32% over 2010 and record assets under management of $55 billion, which are up 29% over 2010. In U.S. Insurance Solutions, individualized sales are up 14% year-to-date. Premiums and deposits are up 11% year-to-date, driven by sales in the nonqualified and business owner market, which now account for 58% of Individual Life sales. Specialty Benefits sales are up 29% year-to-date, driving premium and fees up 6% year-to-date. Importantly, we have now had 5 consecutive quarters of growth with new sales premium exceeding client lapses. This momentum across our businesses positions us for continuing growth in the U.S. and the international markets where we operate.  We also benefit from the overall diversification in the sources of our revenues and operating earnings, with 60% of operating earnings coming from fee-based businesses. Next I'll provide an update on the continued successful execution of our strategy.  The key differentiator for Full Service Accumulation continues to be our Principal Total Retirement Suite, with 51% of sales on the Total Retirement Suite platform. Total Retirement Suite close ratios continue to be double those of single retirement product sales. Persistency is better for this block as well, with a 20% improvement in last rates compared to non-Total Retirement Suite plans.  Our focus on the Allianz distribution channel continues to drive strong Full Service Accumulation sales, with year-to-date Allianz sales up 46% over the prior year. We continue to gain traction with third-party administrator sales as well. Our increased focus on this market gives us access to a broader base of advisors and helps us capture additional market share.  Moving now to Principal Funds. Sales results are driven by good investment performance and demand for our innovative products, such as the Principal Global Diversified Income Fund. To further meet the growing need for retirement income solutions, this month we launched the Global Multi-Strategy Fund, which seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation with an emphasis on positive total returns and relatively low volatility.  A couple of quick comments about the execution of our boutique strategy in Principal Global Investors. We successfully closed on the acquisition of a majority stake in Origin, a London-based global equity specialist, on October 3. Origin's strong performance track record, combined with our global distribution network, provides us additional capacity in international equities.  The onboarding of Finisterre, an emerging market fixed income boutique also based in London, has been very successful as well. We've had tremendous support from Finisterre's key consultants and have retained all of their clients during this transition. Finisterre's impressive track record combined with our distribution network, sets the stage to attract a significant flow in the future, as investors see opportunities for diversification in emerging markets.  We continue to see increasing demand for higher yield products as well as other areas where we have expertise, such as preferred securities, real estate and emerging markets which generate higher revenue and higher margins. As we said at the Principal International workshop, the carefully selected emerging markets in Asia and Latin America, which we are operating in today, have tremendous growth in middle-class populations and privatization of retirement systems is rapidly taking hold. Our strategy is to export our retirement and investment management expertise to these key emerging markets to work with marquis distribution partners in these countries and to go deeper in these markets through organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions. Our focused execution has resulted in rapid growth of the businesses. We were early entrants into these markets, and we continue to see growth in operating earnings of 15% to 20%. We are well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities in these markets as we move forward.  Overall, I'm very pleased with the continued execution of our strategy across the businesses. With a strategy that is focused on long-term growth, our outlook remains positive despite market volatility and continued choppy economic recovery. Let me quickly comment on the impact of extended period of low interest rates. The evolution of our business model towards fee-based businesses creates a blend of less capital-intensive businesses that helps us weather the current low interest rate environment. Terry will go into more detail on the impact if low interest rates persist over time, but let me simply say that the current low interest rates would have to continue for an extended period, at least 3 years, before they would have a meaningful impact on our operating earnings. Moving now to some comments on the strength and flexibility of our financial position, I'm very pleased with the capital deployment actions we've taken in 2011, which reflect execution of 3 acquisitions, 2 share repurchase programs, and as we announced yesterday, a 27% increase in our annual common stock dividend, which will be paid in early December.  Our shift to a more fee-based business model means we need less cash to support organic growth and enables us to deploy more capital towards strategic acquisitions and return more capital to shareholders. As of the end of the third quarter, we have $1.8 billion of excess capital. This gives us continuing capital flexibility in what remains an uncertain environment.  Let me move to some positive regulatory developments. Based on recent updates, it appears unlikely that we'll be named a systemically important financial institution or be considered a major swap participant. Therefore, I remain confident in our ability to continue with our current successful business model.  In closing, I'd like to take a moment to recognize a significant milestone for the company. Last Sunday was the 10th anniversary of our initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange. Becoming a public company set the stage for a decade of growth, as the Principal continued its evolution from a once-largely insurance-based organization to its status today as an investment management leader. The Principal was named Investment Brand of the Year in the 2011 Harris Poll Equitrend study, which further demonstrates the transformation of our business model over the last 10 years. As the first U.S. company to go public after 9/11, we recognize the significance of moving forward, while never forgetting the tragic events of that day. In commemoration of the 10th anniversary of our IPO in 9/11, we'll be making charitable gifts to several programs in support of families of New York City police and firefighters and deployed service personnel. As further recognition of our commitment to those that serve in the military, the Principal was one of only 15 companies out of more than 4,000 nominations to receive a 2011 Freedom Award from the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve group, a Department of Defense agency. It's the highest recognition given to employers for exceptional support of their employees serving in the guard and reserve. Terry?
Terrance J. Lillis: Thanks, Larry. The trend of strong business fundamentals continued in the third quarter. This morning I'll focus my comments on operating earnings and net income for the quarter, more detail around our modest exposure to a sustaining low interest rate environment, an update on our capital position and deployment strategy and an overview over the projected impact of new deferred acquisition cost guidance starting in 2012.  Starting with total company results, operating earnings of $192 million were down 12% from a year-ago quarter on 11% higher average assets under management. There were a few items impacting third quarter 2011 operating earnings. Two of the major items were: third quarter 2011 had negative DAC amortization true-ups due to the equity market performance which impacted Full Service Accumulation, Individual Annuities and Individual Life by $0.07 in total; and in third quarter 2011, the Corporate segment was impacted by $0.04 from lower variable interest income on excess capital held at the holding company due to negative marks caused by widening of credit spreads. Adjusting for these items, we consider the earnings-per-share run rate for the third quarter to be $0.72, and third quarter 2011 earnings up 12% on an 11% increase in average assets under management compared to an adjusted third quarter 2010.  Now let me discuss business unit results. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $71 million were down 12% from a year-ago quarter on a 12% increase in average account values as a result of higher DAC amortization from negative equity market returns. With the recent market volatility, looking over an extended period of time provides a more normalized view. On a year-to-date basis, adjusting for the equity market impact, 2011 operating earnings are in line with the increase in average account values as compared to 2010. We continue to see our Full Service Accumulation sales pipeline build across market sizes and distribution channels and close ratios that returned to pre-crisis levels. This will help drive full-year net cash flow results that we now expect to be approximately 3% of beginning account values. Principal Funds continues to deliver strong operating leverage. Operating earnings at $13 million in the third quarter were up 47% over a year-ago quarter on a 16% increase in average account values. Though the retail industry experienced outflows this quarter as investors pulled back a bit, our innovative product solutions and multichannel distribution model continue to generate strong sales growth and positive flows.  Competitive investment performance also contributed strong fund sales. This includes particular strength in asset allocation where at quarter end, 84% of target date and target risk funds were in the top half on a 1-year basis, 78% on a 3-year basis and 69% on a 5-year basis.  Individual Annuities' operating earnings at $15 million were lower because of higher DAC amortization due to negative equity market returns in the current quarter, while a year-ago quarter saw a positive equity market returns and had positive true-ups. Adjusting for this, earnings are comparable between the 2 periods.  Earnings from Principal Global Investors at $19 million improved 27% from a year-ago quarter on a 6% increase in average assets under management, reflecting the operating leverage in this business.  Client search activity continues despite current market volatility and because of this, we remain optimistic about flows over the next few quarters.  Moving to Principal International, operating earnings at $37 million were up 11% from the third quarter 2010. Principal International finished the quarter with record assets under management of $55 billion, $62 billion when including China despite recently strengthening dollar. This growth was driven by organic net cash flows of $700 million and $3.1 billion of operations acquired with the HSBC Mexican AFORE business. We closed this transaction in early August and fully integrated the companies in September. This transaction increases our scale in the mandatory retirement business in Mexico.  Since this acquisition leverages our existing infrastructure, it was immediately accretive in the third quarter. The benefit of the third quarter was partially offset by acquisition costs. We expect the benefit of $5 million to $6 million per quarter to be fully realized in the fourth quarter. Individual Life operating earnings were $26 million. Current quarter results were adversely impacted by higher DAC amortization due to negative equity market returns and slightly unfavorable mortality experience. After adjusting for these items, operating earnings remain in line with previously communicated expectations.  Turning to Specialty Benefit, operating earnings declined 12% from the year-ago quarter to $22 million, reflecting quarterly volatility in claims experience.  While third quarter 2010 loss ratios were at the low end of our 65% to 71% targeted range, third quarter 2011 loss ratios were on the higher end of that range. However, the year-to-date loss ratio comparison between the 2 periods is equal, and year-to-date operating earnings are up 14% on 6% higher premiums.  Corporate reported operating loss of $40 million, driven by approximately $12 million earnings shortfall from lower variable investment income on excess capital held at the holding company due to negative marks caused by widening of credit spreads. We view the quarterly run rate earnings for Corporate to be a $30 million operating loss, with some volatility around this result.  Total company net income of $64 million this quarter was impacted by a court ruling regarding some uncertain tax positions and the estimated obligation associated with the New York State Insurance Department's liquidation plan for the Executive Life Insurance Co. of New York. We also experienced $38 million of credit-related investment losses during the quarter. While the credit environment remains choppy, the losses remain manageable and we continue to see improvement in our portfolio, reflecting the benefit of broad asset diversification.  As Larry mentioned, with the evolution of our business model, we now have much higher portion of earnings coming from less capital-intensive businesses. Of our $57 billion of Principal Life's general and guaranteed separate account assets, $19 billion or 34% includes a guaranteed minimum interest rate, and only $7 billion or 12% is currently at those minimums. For the remaining portion not at the minimums, we have an average of 70 basis points of cushion above the guaranteed minimum rate. Given our active interest rate risk management, we estimate a very modest earnings impact due to low interest environment.  If the quarter-end low interest rate environment persists, we would a 1% to 2% impact on our expected 2012 earnings, growing to 3% to 8% impact if conditions persist beyond that. If the low interest rate period were to persist for an extended period of time, it may result in a reduction in our long-term interest rate assumption used to model deferred acquisition costs and related actuarial balances. If we were to lower our long-term interest rate assumption by 25 basis points for every segment across the company, it may result in an additional onetime $25 million to $35 million after-tax reduction to operating earnings. As part of our periodic review of assumptions, we monitor the interest rate environment and do not expect an immediate need to lower our long-term interest rate assumption.  Moving to our balance sheet. Our net unrealized gain position of $1.6 billion was unchanged from second quarter 2011. Our $1.2 billion gain from impact of decreasing interest rates was offset by widening credit spreads. As a reminder, because of our strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement do not result in an economic impact, and it does not force us to sell assets.  Now moving to capital adequacy. As of quarter-end, we estimate our risk-based capital ratio to be 455%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.8 billion of total excess capital as of the end of the third quarter, with $700 million of the excess capital at the holding company. Including the Origin acquisition that closed on October 3, we have deployed $350 million for strategic acquisition and $450 million for share repurchase. Additionally, we have announced a $0.70 per share common stock dividend, a 27% increase over last year's $0.55 per share common stock dividend. This brings our total capital deployed year-to-date to $1 billion and reflects the improvement in the free cash flow generation of our business model that is more fee-based, and the long-term commitment that we made to turn excess capital to shareholders. As always, we'll continue to evaluate additional capital deployment opportunities.    I'd now like to take a moment to provide an overview of the expected impact of the new deferred acquisition cost guidance on our businesses and starting in 2012. In October 2010, the FASB issued an update that narrows the definition of acquisition costs that can be capitalized and deferred by insurance companies. Starting in January 2012, only incremental direct costs of contract acquisitions can be deferred. All other costs are to be expensed as incurred. We expect to apply this guidance retrospectively. This will result in less capitalization of acquisition costs, resulting in increased current period expenses. It will also result in a reduction of our deferred acquisition cost asset, as well as eliminate any future amortization associated with deferred acquisition cost assets written off as of the beginning of the year. For growing companies like the Principal, the reduction in first year costs that can be capitalized could be greater than the reduction in the annual amortization of the lower deferred acquisition cost asset. Consequently, near-term operating earnings will be lower than under the current methodology. However, this is a change in timing of earnings recognition and the economic earnings of the underlying businesses remain unchanged. We are still evaluating the full impacts of implementing this guidance, but we currently estimate that our adoption will result in a reduction to the opening balance of retained earnings between $550 million to $750 million at January 1, 2012. We also currently estimate that adopting this new guidance will result in a net $35 million to $45 million full-year reduction to 2012 operating earnings. These estimates are based upon our current operating assumptions and current interpretation of the guidance and are subject to change. The majority of this impact will be in Full Service Accumulation an Individual Life, with much smaller impacts on Individual Annuities, Principal International and Specialty Benefits division.  On a positive note, going forward we will have less earnings volatility in Full Service Accumulation since there will be a lower deferred acquisition cost asset subject to true-ups from equity market, returns and experience adjustments. Before I close, I'd like to also announce that on December 1 we will provide our 2012 EPS guidance and an update on our capital deployment strategy. We'll provide more details as the event gets closer. In closing, we are very pleased with the strong underlying fundamentals of the businesses as we look into 2012 and beyond.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just want to confirm one thing on the capital permit I thought I had it, and then I got confused again. The original was, I think you were going to spend $700 million between acquisitions and share repurchase. And then you went up to $1 billion. What I'm not clear about is this extra $200 million of dividends. Is that -- was that foreseen in the $1 billion initial guidance? Or are we still sitting here with $200 million of excess?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Steve, this is Larry. I'll comment on that. When we started 2011, we were sort of estimating that the budget that we would have for acquisitions and share repurchase was in the range of $800 million.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: $800 million, okay.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And at the second quarter call a quarter ago, we estimated that we thought that $800 million was probably closer to $1 billion. So those 2 numbers didn't necessarily include anything that we would do with the common stock dividend. So as you know, we now deployed $800 million for acquisitions and share repurchase as compared to the potential budget of $1 billion. And in addition to that, we've now declared a common stock dividend that is, give or take, roughly $200 million. So there would be a potential of an additional amount up to $200 million that could still be in that strategic acquisition and share repurchase bucket. But I would tell you that obviously the world looks a little bit different today than it did at the end of the second quarter, so I think there's a little more caution that we'd want to apply around whether we would actually utilize that full $200 million in 2011 or whether some of that might, in fact, carryover and be looked at in 2012.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, if I may, one more. On Group Life mortality, that looked like a very high number on the loss ratio, maybe 10 points higher than where it had been tracking the previous 4 quarters. I know you think that, that number for this quarter was in line but at the high-end, can we take away from that, that the last 4 quarters have just been running really, really good?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll have Dan comment on that, Steve.
Daniel Houston: Yes, I think -- I mean, bottom line is we had a high quarter, and we actually think that the previous run rate is actually closer to what we would expect relative to pricing. It's a bit of an outlier, and it's obviously not one of those things that allows the customer to gain the system. So again we will look at this as an anomaly relative to a run rate. Does that help, Steven?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a question for Dan, just on the FSA business. I thought you had decent flows this quarter. But just wondering if you could address why your FSA plan counts have been declining. It's down, I think, close to 2,000 plans over the last year. And it's especially down more in the smaller case, sort of core-type market. And then related to that, if you could just talk about what you're seeing in terms of employer and employee behavior in terms of deferrals. Have you seen any uptick in 401(k) loans? Or what are you seeing in terms of behavior, both on the part of employees and employers in terms of matching and deferrals and stuff?
Daniel Houston: Yes. I mean...
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Maybe just make a quick comment, Jimmy. The one thing that you need to take into account when you're looking at that plan count over the last year or so is that there were a number of contracts in there that were in the third quarter 2010 number that fell out in fourth quarter 2010 because of the unwinding of the real estate queue. So the actual growth in contract count based on normalizing for that has actually been positive for a number of quarters. But I'll let Dan get into the detail.
Daniel Houston: Yes. When we just look at just startup plans, if you go back to the era of '05, '06 and '07, there were 1,500 to 1,800 startup plans. If we look at where we're at year-to-date, startup plans was about 820. If you annualize it, you kind of get to that 1,100 or so plans for our full-year 2011. So in terms of just contributing to positive case count growth, we're only running about 65% or 70% of where we had historically been running for those startup plans. The second negative impact that you have on plan counts are just the plan terminations. Again, we've talked about this on previous calls. But it's businesses that have gone out of business, and therefore they've terminated the plan. When we look at the ongoing flow of new cases relative to those that we've lost, we've had 6 consecutive positive quarters now of growth for case count. So again, I think this has far more to do with the external environment about the lack of startup plans and plan terminations due to going out of business than anything else. In terms of deferrals and matches and participation, participation is about where it has historically run, recognizing there's a little bit of downside. There's a bit of a positive upside on participation due to some of the plans having auto-enroll, auto-escalate and those kind of come in at 25% to 30% range. If we look at average deferrals it's up a little bit, which is a very positive component when you think about the number of new people that might be -- being added at the low end of the range. Hardship withdrawals are flat. And then if we look at loans, loans are up about 5% relative to a year ago but those loans, again as a percentage of the total assets, is still a relatively small number. So again the fundamentals of the business, both from case count participation, deferrals look good. My closing comment would be around matching contributions. We've said in previous calls that about 80% of our plans are discretionary, about 20% are stated matches. And of those stated matches that someone had previously made a change in either decreasing or suspending their match, about 1/3 of those individuals or those corporations have now put their match back in place either at the same level or increased it. Hopefully that helps, Jimmy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I'm going to pick up on FSA. The way we measure fees, just as a percentage of overall assets, seems to continue to tick down. And I just wanted to get some color on, I guess, transparency changes with the product and competition and just get a feel for how we should try and model fees relative to assets in the FSA segment going forward?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I'll ask Dan to take that.
Daniel Houston: Sure. So on the fees relative to Full Service Accumulation, remember that about 75% to 80% of those fees are a direct correlation to the account balances themselves. 20%, 25% of those fees are effectively based upon some more fixed amount, either for administrative services. So roughly 75% should track with account balances. This year has been a very good year for us in the ESOP area. About 23% of our new case sales have had an ESOP component. And remember in the absence of having that as part of our TRS strategy, we probably wouldn't have gotten the underlying 401(k) assets along with those. So I would attribute to some of the decline this year in terms of fees tracking account values with the very positive results that we're having for our ESOP consulting division. And maybe I'll just pause and see if there's a follow-up there.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Well, yes. I mean that's helpful. I mean, the flows are improving overall. And then -- so perhaps it's hard for us to model it properly between the asset-tied and the fee-based. But I guess on a go-forward basis, as long as flows are improving, would you expect fees to grow on a gross basis for FSA? Is that maybe an easier way of us to think about it?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: It is. And of course you're looking at mix of the business, too, then depending on whether or not that goes into international equity account versus a money market or a fixed income accounts. And we've talked about this in the past, just in terms of geography of where the money lands, in which buckets. And some, as you know, have better revenue streams than others. And certainly, ESOP has lower revenue streams. But recognize, as I stated earlier, it would if we have the underlying 401(k) assets without those. And the other one is large case versus small case. It's a little richer in the small size case versus the upper end. But again, when you look at where we're coming in on these margins, this 28 to 32 range where -- which is where we've been these last 48 months or so, is still a very positive place to be relative to our competitors and allows us to be very street competitive today. And that's not only true for attracting new business. I would attribute all the same characteristics to our ability to retain customers. And you can tell from the withdrawals, we've really improved that here in the last 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I just have a couple of quick ones. Terry, I was trying to keep up with some of those unusual items that you were mentioning, but I may have missed it. Did you quantify the court ruling impact, the tax item and the executive life costs? And just a clarification, were those in your operating income? Or were those below the line?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: They were -- this is Larry, John. They were below the line, but I'll let Terry give you the breakdown between those 2.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, John, this is Terry. The run rate that we talked about, the items we called out, we said that we had $0.61 EPS. But we thought that, that was low $0.07 because of the DAC asset and the amortization, the unfavorable impact of the equity markets. And that was about $0.03 in Full Service Accumulation, $0.03 in the Individual Annuities and $0.01 in the Life business. And then we also had a $0.04 number we called out in Corporate because of the variable investment income. That had a run rate that we feel is appropriate for this quarter of $0.72. And as Larry mentioned, those other 2 adjustments, the tax decision, the court decision as well as the Executive Life of New York went below the line as -- in part of our other after-tax adjustments.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. On that Corporate strategy, the investment strategy, is there some benchmark or some -- is there some external benchmark that we can look at to sort of get a better feel for how that tracks?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Let me -- this is Larry. I'll have Julia give you a little bit of color around that strategy and kind of how it's performed and why we do what we do. So, Julia?
Julia M. Lawler: Let me give you a little bit of background, first of all. A couple of years ago, we determined that we'd like to earn more than cash return on a portion of that excess capital before that excess capital got deployed. So PGI manages a credit strategy and that's very simply they purchase investment grade bonds, they hedge out the interest rate risk and then they more actively trade that credit. And you know the PGI fixed income has a skill set at that. Because the strategy is more actively traded then the rest of our portfolio, all of that return including the marks, run through net investment income. The strategy worked very well for us since inception through third quarter, so including this quarter. And that has returned about 9%. So clearly better than cash. So third quarter's performance was clearly an underperformance relative to our expectation. And the expectation again for any kind of active strategy is tough, but we would expect that to be in that $3 million to $4 million range per quarter rather than the negative $7 million we had this quarter. Does that help?
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just the last question is, Larry, can you give us some -- with the buyback authorization having been, I guess exhausted, any expectation on the timing for going back to the board?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well as I kind of said it, I think in response to Steven's questions, the world looks a little bit different today than it did in June or July. So we continue to have a very active dialogue with the board. I think the good news is we have more capability to do capital deployment. But again, I think we're going to take a close look at that over time and make some decisions about how much of that budget do we really want to spend in 2011 versus 2012. I would just say again, one of the differentiating points I think for us was fee-based businesses now being 60% of the operating earnings of the company. We're going to continue to be strong capital generators. So I think that's really the key for investors over time and it's much less, whether it's some incremental piece of that capital done in 4Q11 versus first quarter, second quarter '12, it's probably really less of an issue for us over the long term. We're going to be careful, prudent. We're going to work closely with the board as we always have.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, I know. I apologize. I wasn't trying to get at the exact timing of spending $100 million in this quarter or that quarter. Just wondering the timing for getting yourself in a position that you'd have an authorization in place to be able to take advantage of if the market gave you some dislocations.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. I mean our tendency or our approach on this, John, is maybe a little bit different. And again I'm not -- I don't know what's better or worse. But our approach tends to be a little bit different than some other companies in the sense that once we say we're going to do something, then we do it. We're not as -- frankly, we're not as comfortable with sort of the larger multi-year kind of multi-billion dollar. Even though I think our business model gives us that capability, I think we're just a little less. Maybe it's our kind of midwestern conservatism, John. I don't know. But I think we're a little less -- we're a lot less willing to make those kind of big, big type programs. So what you're going to see from us are going to be more incremental. There are going to be programs that we announce and then we execute on, on a consistent basis. And we're going to be doing more of them at a smaller level than some sort of big multi-year authorization.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First Larry, I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about the bank and your current thinking on that and certainly with the transition of fee-based businesses. I mean if I look at the bank, really since you've come public, I'm not sure by the time we get to this year that even cumulatively, on a net basis, it's earned anything. And is there really any strategic reason to keeping this? Secondly, with respect to the realized capital gains and losses this quarter, you certainly highlighted in the press release what came from credit impairments, and again the CMBS problem this quarter. What was the remainder? Was that just derivatives? Or was that on the commercial mortgage book? And then lastly for Dan, could you talk about pressures on fees on 401(k) plans as you're doing renewals and stuff? Are you having to get fees down? Or is that more of a creation of the media?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, I appreciate that, Colin. Let me speak to the kind of the bank issue. And first of all, the bank has been a net contributor to profitability over time. And for example, in the current quarter, it was a contributor in the range of sort of $3 million or $4 million positive for the current quarter. So it has been a positive contributor. We obviously wouldn't -- we wouldn't have a banking business if it wasn't profitable. We don't believe in loss leaders. That's just not part of our makeup. So it's a given that the bank is going to have to perform at an acceptable level, acceptably profitable level and it's done that. Now in terms of the strategic rationale for the bank, I would say the strategic rationale for the bank is really in 2 areas. One is job changers, and the second is retirees. The reality is, is that the most commonly understood financial products by the sort of middle-income population or banking products. And so the ability to use banking products as a receptacle, as a rollover IRA sort of receptacle for job changers has been very powerful. And as you know, we've had a lot of success with asset retention for job changers. We stay right in that sort of low 50% range. And frankly, having the bank is one critical component of that. I think the emerging opportunity for the bank at which, frankly, we have yet to capitalize on, is we need to do a better job, we need to position the bank strategically to be that income management receptacle for people as they enter into retirement. So people today, retirees in particular are quite mobile. And I think the opportunity around an Internet bank so they can get access to funds no matter where they are in the U.S. or internationally is something that's very powerful. But we have to do a little more work to build that out. But I think the strategic rationale of the bank is actually very solid. And obviously we have to match that up against whatever other elements there may be to having a bank, and we're obviously very well aware of all those items. And we'll continue to monitor all of that and see where we come out. But from a strategic perspective, let me be very clear, the bank does have and plays today a very, very meaningful role. So let me have Julia comment on the credit losses, and then Dan can comment on 401(k) fees.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One thing, Larry, before we leave that. How much capital is the bank tying up? Because I think many of us are trying to figure out why isn't PFG's ROE higher than it is? And I'm looking at the bank, I mean, it lost a lot of money last year, broke even the year before. What sort of ROE is it producing? And is it tying up a significant amount of capital or not?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, it is not tying up a significant amount of capital. The ROEs for the bank would be kind of -- are in that range today. That would be in -- I'm going to say in the low double-digit range, the low double-digit range, Colin. Okay? Julia?
Julia M. Lawler: Colin, if you were to look in our supplement on Page 44 that kind of breaks down our realized gains and losses, the fixed maturity or credit impairment is very much in line with last quarter and actually for the last 5 quarters. And even the losses on CMBS are exactly flat from the last 2 quarters. So our impairments related to our fixed income securities are very much in line for the year. And if you look at commercial mortgage, the same is true. In fact, things continue to improve in our mortgage portfolio. So none of the increase comes from really the investment portfolio. What you would see, and if you just compared it to last quarter, you'll recall that last quarter was a positive because we sold stocking catalyst. And we said that, that was kind of a onetime event and not repeatable. That's about $40 million of the change. The other is predominantly in that DAC amortization line. Is that helpful?
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay. And we'll have Dan cover the 401(k) fees, Colin.
Daniel Houston: Yes, Colin. On fees, fees are part of every single conversation with a prospective client, as well as an existing client. There's 3 areas they're going to emphasize. One is going to be fees, the second is going to be the services for those fees and the last one's going to be your investment performance. And I don't know that that's changed in the 27 years I've been around the topic. Fees have probably taken a higher priority in the last couple of years due to small-, medium-sized businesses having pressure on their cost of running their businesses. So what have we done to respond to that? Part of it is  la carte pricing, eliminating services that our customers don't value and unwilling to pay for. We're also managing our own expenses here. We're taking advantage of our scale. We've also tried to make sure that we're emphasizing the value of Total Retirement Suite, which is a different value proposition than just standalone 401(k). Customers put a lot of value on our Retire Secure, our ability to go out there and educate our -- those plan participants from small- to medium-sized businesses. And we also do a fair amount of consulting, as you know, around deferred comp and ESOP and Defined Benefit. And the other comment maybe I would make is on all plans greater than $5 million, which if you look at that based on assets, it's probably 2/3 of our assets, there's a customized expense solution for every one of those clients. Here's the cost that we had in providing our services, and here's the charges that we need in order to reimburse ourselves accordingly. So it is a big part of every conversation. It's not going to go way. We, as you know, have already -- in the midstream of rolling out fee disclosure to the plan sponsors. And we got to be able to represent our products, our services as being a good value for all of our clients.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And I guess to sum it up then, as you're looking at the margins you're making on your 401(k) business today, are they getting better? Are they getting flat? Are they getting tighter?
Daniel Houston: In the most recent 36-month period of time, they're flat and we've not been able to get that expansion for all the obvious reasons. We've had incredible headwinds from the economy. Small- to medium-sized employers are under a lot of pressure. And the real question perhaps is, in the long run, as things recover, as we continue to see some of our competitors not being able to compete in this marketplace because of lack of capabilities or size, we think we'll take advantage of that. And our hope is that we'll see margin expansion at some point. But at this juncture, everyone's fighting the same battle. We know from third parties that our profitability is quite strong, and it's our intent to continue to stay in that 28% to 32% range.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, let me -- this is Larry. I'll just close with a couple of comments, Colin. First of all, if you think -- if you look at this business, how it's performed over the last few quarters by a couple of other metrics, because we've talked about the sort of 28- to 30-basis point ROA, it has about a 29% return on revenue and has about a 26% return on equity based on our own internal allocations of capital. So those are very, very attractive margins by any sort of product in the financial services space. So we're very happy with that, and I think shareholders will be very happy with that as well if we can keep that going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to try and focus some on PGI. I mean you're having success here, probably the most success you've had in 3 years. And I wanted to see maybe if Jim could comment some on kind of behavior and the kind of strategies you're seeing either domestically or internationally in terms of full momentum.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure, we appreciate the question. I'll have Jim respond to that, Chris.
James Patrick McCaughan: Chris, as I think it's hinted in your question, there has been quite a lot of change in client buying behavior over the last 4 or 5 years. What we are seeing is a strong client appetite across many different types of client for income-based products. So our high-yield, preferreds, mortgages and emerging market debt are all seeing very good receptions from clients. And that speaks, by the way, into what Larry and Terry said about the strong growth in principal mutual fund sales, because the retail clients in the U.S. like those income-based products. Secondly, we've seen very strong demand for specialty equity products, including emerging markets. But of course by principal, Global Investors working with Principal International, we have principal of a very strong footprint in emerging markets. And that's been a big positive in terms of the client reception of our investment products. And then thirdly real estate, which is a very long-established specialty of Principal, but one that's come very much into focus in the last year or 2. So if you add these up, that's why we have seen such a strong performance in the last quarter and actually masked by a few large core client redemptions for several quarters now, and why we've expressed some optimism about the pipeline. And then these products that I've mentioned, these capabilities that are appealing to clients, the strong performance is also fed into the asset allocation performance that Terry described in the prepared remarks. So I think all of this is really playing well into the growth of our fee-based businesses across the Principal platform. Principal Mutual Funds, Dan mentioned the importance of investment performance and capabilities for Full Service Accumulation. We are quietly pretty confident about how that whole investment platform is developing for the benefit of our fee-based businesses.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one question, I guess on the portfolio. I mean obviously, there's an incredible search for yield here. And I noticed Page 48 of the supplement within the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. You've been grilling more in the larger loan size amounts, so the $30 million and over versus all the other loan sizes where you've been shrinking here over the past couple of years. So can you talk about maybe if there has been a change in strategy? Or is it just the overall market that's kind of pushing you more towards the larger case size?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. No. No overall change in strategy, but I'll have Julia comment on that.
Julia M. Lawler: Chris, I would say not a change in strategy, but a change in opportunity. Through this recovery period, I would suggest that certain markets and certain property types have performed better, faster. And some of those happen to be in a little larger size range. But those still are allowing us to do very high-quality mortgages, and I'm talking 50% loan-to-value or better. So I would say it's because of the opportunity in the recovery, not a change in strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, just a quick follow-up, I guess, to Colin's line of questioning. Larry, I think when you answered his question, you mentioned the ROA and FSA at 28 to 30 basis points. And I'm pretty sure if I go back to a couple of transcripts ago, Dan was saying 30 to 32. And again I don't want to nitpick, but I just want to know what the benchmark is in terms of where we should be looking for that margin.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well obviously, Suneet, first, let me just say that's going to get recrafted as a result of EITF. So we've been talking around that 30-basis-point range. So whether you want to go 30, 32, whether you go 28, 32, that's -- there's really not any -- there's -- please don't over read or misread anything different around that. It's been holding in that kind of 29-basis-point period. Obviously, the EITF is going to have some negative impact on that. So one of the things we'll be talking about when we get to the earnings guidance in December is kind of what those new ranges are going to be. But that's not because we're recrafting anything, that's just going to be the accounting impact.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So no economic impact? This is just a...
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then, Terry, in your prepared remarks you talked about the interest rate environment. And I think you said if you change your long-term interest rate assumption by 25 basis points, you'd get a onetime hit of $28.5 million to $30 million. My question is if that's right, what is the long-term interest rate assumption that you're using? And how does that compare to sort of where you're investing new money today?
Terrance J. Lillis: Suneet, this is Terry. Long-term interest rate varies by product. Obviously the longer-term product, the longer-duration product has a higher interest rate associated with it. But if you look at all the products across the board, we are probably in the 5.5% to 6.25% long-term. Obviously, the Life would be probably on the longer end and maybe some of the group disability products on the shorter end of that. Now that said, it's considerably higher than what we're currently investing in this environment. However, once again, we're looking at 40, 50, 60 or even longer in terms of some of those longer-term duration products. So what we do is we take into consideration where we are currently and then grade into that longer term over the life of the products. So hopefully that's helpful.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Just to be clear, Suneet, what Terry's talking about here is the DAC interest rate assumption as compared to reserves. Reserves is, again, a line-by-line thing where you can go into Specialty Benefits area, for example, and new group disability reserves are being set up in 4.25. So what Terry is talking about is the DAC interest assumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ryan Krueger with Dowling & Partners.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: I have a -- my first question is for Larry -- actually for Terry. On the 3% to 8% longer-term impact of low interest rate, what time period does that refer to? And is that a cumulative impact over time? Or is that an annual incremental impact?
Terrance J. Lillis: No, Ryan. What we said is if the current interest rate environment persists, over 2012 we'd be 1% to 2%. But as you move out over that 4, 5-year, 6 years, you'd incrementally get a bit larger. So we'd be in that 3% to 8% range during that extended period of maybe in the 4- or 5-year range.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. But in other words, is the 3% to 8% a decline communicatively over that entire period? Or is it increment when you get out 5 years from now, that would happen in one year?
Terrance J. Lillis: When we get out 5 years from now, we'd expect a 3% to 8% drop from current levels of earnings.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then I have a question on FSA expenses. The comp and other line was down 4% sequentially. I was a little bit surprised that you were able to reduce that much in response to the decline in revenue. What led to that?
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'll let Dan talk about that.
Daniel Houston: Sure. I mean, it's -- frankly, it's very disciplined expense management on the part of Greg Rose [ph] and the team leading the FSA business. Some of that may also have to do a little bit with timing of some of those expenses.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Is the run rate from the third quarter a reasonable base to grow going forward? Or was there anything unusual?
Daniel Houston: No, I think probably the best way to look at it over the course of the last 9 months and look at that run rate and make your determinations from that, I think just like most of these, every quarter's got a little bit of noise in it. And although we did a very nice job managing expense in the quarter, there are some issues related to timing. So I'd look at it on a 9-month basis, and let that probably be a better guide for your models.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: Okay. And then quick one for Dan. Can you just give an update on where the pipeline stands in [indiscernible]?
Daniel Houston: Yes. So pipeline is good. It's up over 20%, and it's with -- across our Allianz partners, it's across our various products as well. And I'd be remiss not to make a comment that we're not only seeing good traction in Full Service Accumulation pipeline, we're seeing very good traction with our mutual fund complex. We've got some very competitive products that we've partnered with Jim McCaughan and his team on. And so pipeline for the Funds business looks solid. As you can see sales are very good, and we're finally starting to see some good traction with that DCIO or the Defined Contribution Investment Only, where we don't provide recordkeeping administration. We're getting the traction with our mutual fund offerings on our competitors' 401(k) platform. So again, we feel very good about our pipeline and hitting the 20% to 25% improvement in Full Service Accumulation sales for full-year 2011.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everyone for joining us for the call today. As Terry mentioned in his comments, we'll be releasing our 2012 earnings guidance on December 1. And so let me just close by saying we're very pleased with the momentum of our businesses thus far in 2011, and we'll continue working hard to continue that momentum for the rest of the year. So thanks again. We look forward to seeing many of you out on the road in the near future. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day November 4, 2011. 13931944 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance and Financial Services James McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Larry Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Principal Life, Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Life and President of Principal Life Terrance Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Julia Lawler - Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer of Principal Life Insurance Company and Senior Vice President of Principal Life Insurance Company John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after speakers have completed their prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman; and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Norman Sorensen, Principal International; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I would now like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I'll briefly discuss second quarter and year-to-date results. Second, I'll discuss the ongoing implementation of our strategy and its long-term potential, and I'll close with some comments about our strong financial flexibility and an update on capital deployment. Then Terry will cover the financial results in more detail. We view second quarter results as very good. Total company operating earnings for the quarter are up 25% over the year-ago quarter on 15% higher average assets under management. With 14% earnings growth on a year-to-date basis, we've had a strong first-half of 2011.  Second quarter continued the trend of increasing momentum in our businesses. Let me highlight some of the growth metrics that speak to the strength of our competitive position and success in attracting and retaining business. At the end of the second quarter, total company assets under management stood at $336 billion, a company record, and an increase of $8 billion or 3% over first quarter and up 18% over the year-ago quarter. With 60% of our operating earnings now coming from fee-based businesses, assets under management is the single best leading indicator for future revenue and operating earnings. Full-service accumulation produced very strong sales growth through the first 6 months of the year, up 40% over 2010. With the active pipeline up 13% and close ratios improving, we now expect to grow full-year sales by at least 20% over full year 2010 sales.  Principal Funds continues to drive strong sales, improving 29% over the prior year on a year-to-date basis. Strong quarterly net cash flows from the Retirement and Investor Services Accumulation businesses with net inflows of $1.4 billion as compared to $160 million of net outflows in the year-ago quarter. Principal Global Investors had positive unaffiliated net cash flows of $400 million in the second quarter, reflecting 27% growth in deposits from the year-ago quarter. Deposits this quarter include strong flows of $180 million in the Dublin Series funds, a global platform for non-U.S. investors. Total mandates won by Principal Global Investors and the affiliated boutiques are $5.3 billion year-to-date.  Principal International finished the quarter with record assets under management of $53 billion driven by strong net cash flows of $1.8 billion. On a trailing 12-month basis, Principal International had record net cash flows of $5.9 billion. Momentum continues to build in U.S. Insurance Solutions. Individual Life sales are up 21% year-to-date, with 62% of the sales coming from the business market. Additionally, Specialty Benefits continues to see strong growth with premium up 6% and sales up 42% over prior year on a year-to-date basis.  With our focus on small-to-medium-sized businesses in the U.S., the elevated unemployment rate continues to put pressure on the pace of the economic recovery and on the growth of our U.S. businesses. Despite that, we continued to see growth across our businesses, which reflects the competitiveness of our product solutions and our strong alliances with key distribution platforms in the U.S. market. So while the economic recovery continues to be fragile, we remain optimistic about our growth continuing in the second half of 2011.  Now let me move to some comments on the ongoing implementation of our strategy and how that positions us over the longer term. We remain a leader in the U.S. retirement market. Our Principal Total Retirement Suite strategy continues to be a differentiator that captures assets and drives cash flows. Total Retirement Suite close ratios are double the close ratios for single-product retirement sales, and we see significantly better persistency in this block. Plan sponsors and advisors like the breadth of best in class products that Total Retirement Suite offers, as well as the ability to seamlessly integrate these retirement products.  Since launching this strategy in 2004, 50% of all Full Service Accumulation assets are now from our Total Retirement Suite block. Additionally and consistent with historical results, Total Retirement Suite sales accounted for 66% of total Full Service Accumulation sales in the second quarter, demonstrating the ongoing power of this strategy. We also recognize that about 1/3 of the smaller plan retirement market prefers a third-party administrator or TPA arrangement. We've intensified our commitment to this market by expanding our array of flexible solutions that meet the needs of TPAs in order to effectively capture market share. Our ability to work with TPAs grows our advisor base by giving us access to advisors that prefer this solution and creates the opportunity for even greater success over the longer term as we execute our multichannel distribution strategy.  Year-to-date, TPA sales were $350 million, up 52% over the prior year. This powerful combination of both bundled and unbundled solutions will allow us to extend our market leadership. Investment performance is solid, and longer-term performance continues to improve, particularly in areas where plan sponsors and advisors focus, such as in fixed income and domestic equities. This bodes well for sales and retention going forward.  In a recent survey of retirement plan sponsors conducted by Cogent Research, The Principal received a top ranking in plan provider brand equity. Equally as important, in the same survey, Principal Global Investors is among the top defined contribution investment managers that garnered favorable impression scores from its clients. According to the survey, attributes where Principal Global Investors excels include outstanding service and support, a strong understanding of global markets, and understanding of the defined contribution market.  This recognition, combined with our recent recognition as Investment Brand of the Year in the 2011 Harris Poll EquiTrend study, further demonstrates our position as a leading retirement plan provider and asset manager. These recognitions provide strong affirmation of The Principals leadership in the retirement industry, and we remain very optimistic about our growth opportunities in the retirement market. While our U.S. retirement leadership is reasonably well-known, we continue to successfully implement our International Retirement and Global Asset Management strategies. We will strengthen our multi-boutique platform in Principal Global Investors with the acquisition of a majority stake in 2 asset managers based in London, Finisterre Capital and Origin Asset Management. The Finisterre acquisition closed as expected on July 1, and we expect the Origin deal to close in October. These 2 asset managers have great track records and increase our investment capabilities in emerging market debt and in global equities where additional high-quality investment capacity is in high demand but in relatively short supply.  As a further expansion of our Global Asset Management business, we also recently opened a representative office in the Netherlands and are in the process of opening one in Dubai, further expanding our global distribution footprint. Institutional Investors recent annual rankings of the top 300 asset managers reaffirmed Principal Global Investors at number 29. The recently announced acquisitions and global expansion contribute to our ability to grow even further.  We continue to see exceptional growth from Principal International as we execute our international retirement strategy. The announced acquisition of HSBC's mandatory retirement business in Mexico reflects our strategy to go deeper in the countries we're already in. This deal, which we announced in April and expect to close in August, will be immediately accretive to earnings as we add scale to Principal International, one of our higher margin, higher growth businesses. In short, I am extremely pleased with our strategy implementation as we continue to build 2 significant growth businesses, Principal Global Investors and Principal International, alongside our U.S. retirement leadership. No other company is better positioned than The Principal for the opportunities created by aging populations all over the world and the need for private market solutions. This is the strategy to drive consistent growth over many years.  Now let me close with some comments on our capital deployment strategy and our financial position. Given our original goal to deploy $700 million in capital in 2011, I am pleased with the actions we've taken so far. In addition to the strategic acquisitions, which increase our earnings power going forward, we also reinstated our share buyback program in May. In early July, we completed the $250 million authorization, repurchasing 8.4 million shares in total. These actions fuel both near and longer term earnings per share growth as we continue to focus on creating long-term value for our shareholders. As we have said many times, our hybrid business model, which includes 60% of our operating earnings from high-growth, low-capital intensive businesses, continues to generate increasing amounts of free cash flow as operating earnings recover post the financial crisis. This allows us to invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders while still maintaining a strong financial position.  Given the strong operating earnings year-to-date, along improvement in credit characteristics of our general account portfolio, we now have up to $1 billion available capital for deployment in 2011. This is a $300 million increase to the original full year estimate of $700 million. Year-to-date, we have announced acquisitions and a share repurchase totaling $600 million, giving us up to $400 million of capital available for deployment in the second half of 2011. This is in addition to capital we expect to use for our annual common stock dividend, which we will announce in pay in the fourth quarter. Of course, given the uncertainties in the markets, we will be prudent as we proceed with this deployment.  Our financial position remains at its strongest point in our 132-year history with $10.7 billion of stockholders' equity. Book value per share excluding AOCI increased 7% to $29.20, and book value per share including AOCI rose 20% to $31.43, which are both record levels. This includes $2.1 billion of excess capital as of midyear and a risk-based capital ratio of 445% for the life company, which Terry will discuss in more detail. Before I turn the call over to Terry, I want to mention some additional recognition we received this quarter that I am extremely proud of.  First, The Principal received a 2011 Freedom Award from the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve Group, a Department of Defense agency. The Freedom Award is the Department of Defense's highest recognition given to employers for exceptional support of their employees serving in the guard and reserve. The Principal was one of only 15 companies to receive the award out of more than 4,000 nominations. Additionally, The Principal was recently named a Best Place to Work in Information Technology by IDG's Computerworld magazine, which marks a decade of consistent appearances on this list for The Principal.  We have an exceptionally talented and committed group of employees, and I am very proud of the work they do every day. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks, Larry. In second quarter 2011, we continued to create momentum across our businesses. This momentum resulted in very good growth in the second quarter and, more importantly, will carry forward as we move into the second half of the year. This includes strong, diversified earnings and building sales momentum across multiple products as well as a strong balance sheet with tremendous flexibility. This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter; net income, including the continued solid performance of the investment portfolio; and some additional detail on our 2011 capital position and deployment strategy.  Starting with total company results, once again, we ended the quarter with record assets under management now at $336 billion. Total company earnings of $237 million are up 25% from a year-ago quarter on 15% higher average assets under management. There were a few items influencing comparability between second quarter 2011 and second quarter 2010. Second quarter 2010 had a higher economic interest in our Brasilprev joint venture for 2 of the 3 months. Reserve and amortization changes negatively impacted second quarter 2010, and model and assumption changes negatively impacted Individual Life in second quarter 2011.  Adjusting for these items, second quarter 2011 earnings were up 21% on a 15% increase in average assets under management compared to second quarter 2010, a very good result reflecting continued operational leverage. There can be volatility for many reasons on a quarter-by-quarter basis, which levels out when you look at a longer time frame. Therefore, when we look at the first half of 2011, operating earnings are up 19% over 2010 when we adjust for the reduced economic interest in our Brasilprev joint venture. This improvement in earnings reflects ongoing momentum of our businesses. Let me quickly comment on the items impacting second quarter 2011 reported earnings per share of $0.73. Principal International benefited in second quarter 2011 from gains on the sale of bonds in our Brazilian joint venture. Individual Life was negatively impacted by model and assumption changes and unfavorable mortality. The net impact of these items was negative $0.01 in second quarter 2011. On an adjusted basis, we consider the EPS run rate for this quarter to be $0.74. This continues the steady trend of EPS improvement quarter-over-quarter.  Now let me discuss business unit results. Retirement and Investor Services earnings of $161 million in the second quarter were driven by record account values of $187 billion at quarter end. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $83 million were up 22% from a year ago quarter on an 18% increase in average account values. On a trailing 12-month basis, Full Service Accumulation return on assets was 30 basis points. We maintain that the long-term run rate for return on assets for this business is 30 to 32 basis points, though there will be volatility around this target as market conditions fluctuate.  In addition, we continue to invest in our businesses to take advantage of future growth opportunities, such as building out our TPA infrastructure and other technology enhancements. Full Service Accumulation sales in the second quarter were very strong at $1.7 billion, our highest second quarter ever and nearly double that of second quarter 2010, as we continue to see an increase in proposal activity and improvement in our close ratios.  Strong transfer deposits and favorable retention drove net cash flows of nearly $1 billion contributing to the record account values of $115 billion at quarter end. As Larry mentioned, we continue to see our sales pipeline build across all market sizes and all distribution channels, giving us momentum for strong full-year sales, which we expect to be at least 20% higher than full year 2010.  Principal Funds continues to deliver strong operating leverage. Operating earnings at $13 million in the second quarter were up 28% over the year-ago quarter on a 24% increase in average account values. Principal Funds delivered strong sales of $2.6 billion dollars in the second quarter and strong net cash flows of $530 million. On a trailing 12-month basis, Principal Funds delivered $11 billion in deposits, demonstrating the strength of our multiproduct and multichannel distribution model.  Competitive investment performance also contributed to the result. This includes particular strength in asset allocation where, at quarter end, 84% of our target date and target risk runs were in the top half on 1-year basis, 78% on a 3-year basis and 77% on a 5-year basis. Individual Annuities and Bank and Trust Services achieved solid operating earnings this quarter. Both divisions finished the quarter with strong account values contributing to record overall account values for the Retirement Investor Services Accumulation Businesses.  Earnings from Principal Global Investors at $21 million improved 69% from the year-ago quarter on a 9% improvement in average assets under management as pretax margins expanded to 25%. This strong operating leverage result was driven by improving fees for actively managed funds and increasing real estate mandates. Principal Global Investors year-to-date mandates awarded grew to $5.3 billion. As of quarter end, approximately $3 billion of these mandates had funded.  In addition, since quarter end, a large Latin American Central bank mandate has funded, giving a strong start to third quarter deposits. We are pleased with improvement from the year ago quarter and sequentially in both deposits and redemption and look for flows to continue to improve over coming quarters.  As Larry mentioned, our acquisition of Finisterre Capital, an emerging market debt manager, closed on July 1 as expected. Integration teams are in place, and the transition is going as planned. We were also excited about the growth and potential of our announced acquisition of Origin Asset Management, a global equity manager which is expected to close October 2011. We expect both of these transactions to be neutral to earnings per share in 2011 and accretive in 2012. Combining our global distribution platform with the expertise of these asset managers, we expect the assets under management for both firms to grow 3 to 5 times over the next 5 years. This growth is consistent with that achieved following the acquisition of other boutique managers such as Columbus Circle Investors and Spectrum Asset Management. These acquisitions, again, demonstrate our commitment to reinvesting capital in our high-margin, high-growth businesses with strong strategic fit. Moving to Principal International, operating earnings of $38 million are up 7% from the second quarter 2010 despite a lower economic interest in our Brazilian joint venture, Brasilprev. Adjusting for the lower economic interest and for a $2 million benefit in second quarter 2011 from gains on the sales of bonds in Brasilprev, earnings growth is in line with the 38% growth in average assets under management.  Principal International finished the quarter with record assets under management of $53 billion, driven by strong net cash flow of $1.8 billion. The total exceeds $60 billion if you add the assets of our Chinese joint venture, which are not included in reported assets under management. We expect to close HSBC retirement unit acquisition in early August. This transaction will increase our scale in the mandatory retirement business in Mexico. We reaffirm that we expect an immediate $0.02 to $0.03 earnings per share accretion in the second half of 2011 and $0.06 to $0.08 for full year 2012. This acquisition aligns with our existing platform. We anticipate minimal integration risk and expect to capitalize on significant synergies.  U.S. Insurance Solutions' operating earnings were $50 million for the quarter, essentially flat compared to the year-ago quarter. Individual Life operating earnings were $24 million. Current quarter results were dampened by $7 million reflecting 2 items. First, a $3 million shortfall was due to unfavorable mortality experience in the quarter. Second, the remaining $4 million was due to model and assumption changes. During the second quarter, we performed a review of our integrated life reserve model and assumptions, which created volatility within certain income statement line items that essentially offset each other.  We believe the run rate for Individual Life operating earnings remains in the range of $31 million to $33 million per quarter with expected volatility in any one quarter. The favorable mortality experience that we saw in the first quarter of 2011 was offset by current quarter's unfavorable mortality experience. With the exception of the model and assumption changes, we feel that the first 6 months earnings are on track to meet full year expectations.  Turning to Specialty Benefits, operating earnings improved 8% from a year ago to $26 million driven by membership growth and stable loss ratio results, which are key drivers of profitability. Specialty Benefits had sales of $60 million this quarter, up 23% over second quarter 2010. Additionally, the wind-down following our decision to exit the Insured Medical business is progressing well and continues on plan.  Shifting to total company net income, we delivered $258 million this quarter, our best quarter of net income since before the financial crisis and nearly double that of second quarter 2010. With credit-related investment losses of $39 million after-tax, we continue to see improvement in corporate credit and commercial mortgage whole loan losses. CMBS losses also improve and continue to be manageable.  Our investment portfolio performance continues to reflect the benefit of broad asset diversification. The evolution of our hybrid business model creates a blend of less capital-intensive businesses as we derisk the organization over time. It also helps us weather the current low interest rate environment. Of our $57 billion of Principal Life's general and guaranteed separate account assets, $19 billion or 33% includes a guaranteed minimum interest rate, and only $6 billion or 11% is currently at those minimums. For the remaining portion not yet at minimums, we have an average of 75 basis points of cushion above the guaranteed minimum rate.  Given our active interest rate risk management, we estimate a very modest earnings impact due to the low interest rate environment. If the quarter end interest rate environment persists, we would expect less than 1% impact on our 2011 and 2012 earnings.  Moving to our balance sheet, in [ph] street reflects the ongoing improvement in credit markets as the U.S. economy rebuilds. And at $1.6 billion, our net unrealized capital gains position increased $300 million from first quarter 2011 as a $500 million gain from the impact of decreasing interest rates was partially offset by widening spreads. As a reminder, because of our strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest-rate movement do not result in an economic impact.  Now moving to capital adequacy. As of quarter end, we estimate our risk-based capital ratio to be 445% after a distribution of $300 million this quarter from the Life company up to the holding company. This follows the $200 million distribution in first quarter.  Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $2.1 billion in total excess capital as of the end of the second quarter. $1.1 billion of the excess capital is at the holding company. Of the $700 million we originally identified for acquisition and share repurchase in 2011, year-to-date, we have committed a total of $350 million towards acquisition, and $250 million has been used for share repurchase. We still have $100 million available to deploy in the second half of 2011.  However, due to improvement in our earnings and in the credit characteristics of their general account portfolio, our available capital position has improved. As Larry said, we now have up to an additional $300 million to deploy for strategic acquisitions and additional share repurchases during the second half of 2011. This is in addition to the deployable capital for our annual common stock dividend. We're pleased with the financial flexibility our business model provides as we generate meaningful amounts of free cash flow quarter after quarter.  A couple announcements before I close. First, we announced a few weeks ago that we will host a Principal International workshop on September 16 in New York City. At this event, we will provide greater detail about our international businesses and show why it is a tremendous growth opportunity for The Principal. Additional detail around the key drivers and metrics will also be provided. We'll provide more information as the event gets closer. Second, our third quarter earnings call will be held Friday, October 28. To capitalize on efficiencies gained in our financial close process, we will be moving up our earnings call to an earlier date starting next quarter.  Again, we are very pleased with the strong financial results of our businesses this quarter. Momentum continues to build as does our long-term growth potential.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: A question on FSA. Could you give us a little bit more detail, maybe color around where the real success in the quarter was from a sales perspective? I'm really thinking more about size of case.
Daniel Houston: Couple of comments. In terms of large wins. On the last 6 months, we got 4 large wins worth about $1.2 billion. For the quarter, we had one large case that generated about $800-and-some-odd million. If you compare that to the second quarter of 2010 through 6 months, we had about $560 million. So you saw nice increase in large wins, but at the same time, it doesn't tell the whole story because across our emerging and dynamic space, we had really strong sales. TPA sales were up 52%. Our Allianz relationships were up roughly 37%, TRS continues to be the lead offering from PFG. So across-the-board, TPA, Allianz, large and small, we had a really, really strong year. And we're fortunate not to have all that falling in any one category. The other comment I would make is we did not lose a single institutional case, which speaks to our favorable contract retention for the period.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. So just a follow-up then. I guess when we're looking at year-over-year sales in the first half of the year, I think 40%, little over 40% growth. I guess it's sort of the -- maybe you're being a bit conservative thinking about maybe some of these larger case sales don't repeat in the back half, and that's why sales growth is sort of at the upper end of your prior 15% to 20% as opposed to something better.
Daniel Houston: John, just a reminder. Remember in the second half 2010, that was really a strong year for us. We really poured it on, and we're off to a good start this year. And again, we feel good about that 20% number. We're optimistic, as Larry cited, in his opening comments, pipeline, active pipelines up about 13%, good activity, and frankly, we're just looking for this economy to continue to find some stability to start contributing in a more meaningful way to the reoccurring deposits as well.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And if I could just sneak one more in, you guys provided some information on peripheral European exposures in your investment supplement, the total of $1.7 billion. It was hard to tell from that disclosure how much of that is in the general account versus in Principal International. And I guess -- I assume that it would be fair for us to think of the exposure in Principal International as really having no risk to shareholders, maybe more of an earnings issue or a flow issue. But can you split out the $1.7 billion between the general account exposure and Principal International?
Terrance Lillis: John, I don't actually consider any of the $1.7 billion to necessarily be at risk relative to shareholders.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I hope you're right.
Terrance Lillis: Well, just to be clear on that. Because, again, in many cases, they may be cited there. They don't necessarily have businesses there. But the split in rough terms is about $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion general account, and it's about $500 million in Principal International. But most of the PI stuff really are the 2 large Spanish banks, although we don't really see any particular risk there. So hopefully that gives you a little better insight.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I had a question on FSA, the draws. In the past couple of years, the draws have actually gone up in the second quarter. This quarter obviously was much better than the first quarter was. So maybe you could talk about what it is you're doing on the retention side. And then secondly, on the PGI, you had very good flows this quarter. Obviously, the last few years have been weak. You've had large withdrawals in the past. So just talk about your outlook for flows in the PGI business and also if the large withdrawals youve seen in the past few quarters are done already.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, this is Larry. I'll just make a high-level comment on the withdrawals. I think we've commented in quarters before that our team has been working hard on that. Frankly, one of the things thats helped a lot is just the economic headwinds aren't quite as strong. They remain, but they're not quite as strong so at least we're seeing membership, generally speaking, membership is staying sort of flat. Participant deferrals are actually up a little bit on a year-to-date basis. So the key elements that sort of go into withdrawals, some of that noise has gone away, but the last thing I'd say, as we commented, Jimmy, is we're seeing very, very good investment performance. Our service teams and our relationship managers are just doing an outstanding job of performing day in and day out. As Dan said, we've had no withdrawals from our institutional blocks, so he may want to add a comment or 2 and then I'll have Jim talk about PGI flows.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that really does capture it, Larry. We're very fortunate. We had a lot of customer contact. The other comment I might throw out, and this is in large part due to Jim's strong investment performance within Principal Global Investors, but we continue to see a rebound in our asset allocation investment performance along with our fixed income investment performance, and that goes a long way towards aligning our interest with those of our customers. Then lastly, as you know, we had that RESA queue [ph] in place. That no longer's in place. Those things kind of flushed out in the latter half of '10, first part of '11. So we've got a lot of the investment noise out of the system, and again, it can stand a good overall customer service at this point.
James McCaughan: And Jimmy, on the Institutional Principal Global Investors withdrawals. I'd remind you in the first quarter of this year, we had the large withdrawal of $2.1 billion from core fixed income by the State Board of Florida. I think I'm safe in mentioning that because it was widely covered in the trade press at the time, and they allocated away from all of their core fixed income. They remain a client for real estate and for international equities, so actually, they remain, if anything, a more important client than they were a year or 2 ago when we had that mandate. This is very characteristic of what we're seeing in the industry, which is core mandates are tending to be rebalanced away from, with clients moving to passive and liability-driven investing. In the fourth quarter last year we had a similar one with a mandate over $1 billion, another a very low fee core mandate that we lost. This quarter was mercifully free of that. So what you're seeing is some degree of reallocation by clients. But the merits of our high-added value strategy that really suits the tendency that clients have to move towards satellite and higher added value mandates. And that's contributing both to the positive flows and to the richer revenues we're seeing. As we sit right now, we don't see any core mandates that are really at critical danger, and we're pretty optimistic for flows given the investment performance that's been referred to and the change in client buying behavior that really suits our multi-boutique structure.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And lastly, could I -- Larry, maybe you could talk about the $400 million that you have to deploy for the rest of this year. How does the deal pipeline look? And I'm assuming you're still looking within asset management or international and then just comment on how the environment is for acquisition.
Larry Zimpleman: Jimmy, this is Larry. So again, I think the nature of our transition to fee-based businesses is what's giving us the additional flexibility here, plus, as we said, some improvement in the overall for the credit conditions in the general account. Having said that, I'm obviously not going to comment on any specific deal. What I would say is that we do think there continues to be some level of opportunity as we've done earlier this year with the HSBC acquisition and the 2 boutique acquisitions. Our priorities remain exactly as they have been in the past. Our priorities are around our international businesses, both to add scale and add competencies as well as asset management. So we will continue to be active, and we would expect to hopefully have the possibility, but it's probably going to be a quarter or 2 before you see that happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a quick one on the SFI thing. It seems like Principal and some of the other midsize life insurers are at last a part of that conversation and even Met and Pru seem quite confident they would be non-bank SFIs if at all. Your capital deployment comments certainly don't feel that constrained by it. So just kind of wanted to get an update there if you've made any progress on how you feel about how that might affect your capital planning.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, Randy. Just maybe a few comments on that. There's still uncertainty around the whole issue of SFIs. But having said that, I guess I would personally have kind of an intuitive feeling that whatever the probability might have been at the start of the year that we would have fallen into that bucket, I would say that my feeling today is the probability is lower than it was at the start of the year. And I say that for several reasons. Number 1, it seems a little bit clearer that the FSOC, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, it seems now more likely to want to have a relatively smaller number of institutions in that designation than perhaps I might have thought 6 months ago. So I think that helps us. Two, I think they're starting to understand the insurance industry better. As you may know, they confirmed this week the insurance member to the FSOC, so we think that will add further education and understanding to that. So the last thing I guess I would say around that is that we have made efforts. First of all, our financial flexibility is high, and our capital position is strong. And weve made our best attempts to convert, if you will, our current capital ratios over to what they would be if we tried to apply sort of the banking interpretations to those. And when we do that, assuming again, we've done that in a correct way, and that's a bit of an assumption because there's a translation that's needed, we would find ourselves already with capital ratios that would be at or above the level that Basel III would require. So again, we think as long as we're able to maintain the sort of high capital ratios and financial flexibility we have, we don't see that as having a significant impact going forward. But again, there's more to come on that. But that's the feeling today.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And if I could sneak one more in on international. There's increasingly good sales there, and there's a rule of thumb we've had for FSA where, like 60% of sales drop down in the first quarter, then 20% in each of the next quarter. Is there a rule of thumb that we could think of that's similar to that for international?
Larry Zimpleman: I think the rule of thumb is that sales equal deposits because there's not really across those businesses, Randy, there's not really anything that is sort of , of any magnitude. There's nothing that's really a kind of payroll-deduct business where there's a transfer deposit and some of that may come in over a period of time. So it operates much more like our U.S. Mutual Fund business, pretty much where sales equal deposits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with UBS Security.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: First question, I'm just curious with the potential for U.S. credit rating downgrade. What are you doing to prepare potentially for that in terms of liquidity and your investment portfolio, if anything?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. I'll make a few high level comments, and then Julia can add to that. On one hand, certainly, the disruption or uncertainty that has been present in the market over the last, I don't know, certainly several months as the debt ceiling debate has been discussed, has been concerning, to say the least. And people smarter than me seem to be forecasting that whether the U.S. would lose its AAA credit rating, now or 2 months from now, or 6 months from now, or 12 months from now. It's probably more likely that it's going to happen somewhere in the kind of near to intermediate term. To your point, I don't know that there's a lot that you can do about that, and I'll have Julia give you some of the rules of the road. But having said that, we don't see it as being particularly disruptive, given that we have a very, very small percentage of our portfolio in anything that would be closely tied to that. So we only have about 5% or 6% in treasuries or agencies that would be at immediate risk if the U.S. were to be downgraded. But I'll have Julia fill in some of the blanks.
Julia Lawler: Larry got that exactly right. We would see very little capital impact to our portfolio. Our liquidity position going into this is very strong. So we're really not doing a lot different than we were doing. We derisked the portfolio significantly in the last 2 years. We've improved liquidity a lot. So we see little impact, really, for a downgrade. The bigger issue for me, as I look forward, is not so much the rating downgrade but looking forward to the economy. So I'm much more looking forward to what could happen to the economy and that impact than the downgrade.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: And then maybe just shifting back to FSA flows. Clearly, very good progress and on the positive side, I'd be curious as to what you're doing in the TPA channel to get sales up more than 50% year-over-year there. And then, the transfer deposits have been big. Why have they been so strong as well? You gave a few stats a little earlier. But on the flip side, it looks like recurring deposits are down about 7%. So I'm curious what's going on, on that front and whether that might shift in a positive direction as well.
Larry Zimpleman: Just quickly on recurring deposits, don't read too much into one quarter. If you look year-to-date, recurring deposits are relatively flat. Deferrals are actually up a little bit. The profit-sharing contributions are a little bit lumpy. So that's really where -- a slight bit of noise, but I wouldn't draw any conclusions. So my high-level takeaway is that on recurring deposits, were fine, and I'll let Dan talk a little bit about what we're doing around TPA because that's a really good story.
Daniel Houston: So on TPA, as I cited last time we chatted, we do extend to our TPA partners the same set of services that we make available to our full-service clients. And that, I mean that we provide Total Retirement Solutions in that we can provide defined benefit, defined contribution. ESOP as well as non-qualified deferred compensation -- recordkeeping for those TPAs. We do make service reps available. We can implement our retire secure [ph], which keeps [ph] at increasing the participation in local level. I think there was some pent-up demand from Principal not having been out there in the past and, frankly, there's a few other competitors who have changed some of the way in which they're working with TPAs, which is -- perhaps endear them to work with Principal and listen to our value proposition. So pent-up demand and flexibility in services would be the main drivers, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Spehar with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: One question on FSA and one on PGI. First on FSA, there's a lot of focus, obviously, on the ROA and 30 basis points seems to be the magic number that you cross over and people get concerned. I guess the question I have about the driver of FSA ROA, if you were to be below your 30-basis-point target on a sustained basis, what's the chance that, that would come from the spread-based portion of FSA versus the fee-based? Everyone's focused on sort of the pressure on fees, but you look at this quarter and I think you had pressure on the ROA because of the spread business. So that's the first question.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. And I'll just comment quickly on that. I do appreciate that observation. I think we've commented in every earnings call for I don't know how long that you can't look at one single component of this and draw a conclusion. And so to your point, if you look at relative to a year ago, if you look at over the last few years, there has been sort of a steady lessening interest on the part of plan participants for, if you will, guaranteed-type options, which is the spread-based earnings, the spread-based revenue that you're talking about, and that makes perfect sense when you're talking about interest rates that are essentially 0 or something in the order of 1%. So if you look at relative to a year ago, that share, that percentage share that's in the general account guaranteed options down about 2%, and so that alone is going to speak to about 1 basis point decline in revenue. So to your point, there is a shift going on from higher ROA, more capital-intensive options to lower ROA, higher capital flow options, which again we view, quite frankly, as a positive. So it's very, very important not to over-read one quarter, it's very, very important not to over-read one metric like revenue. I would say this block continues to get healthier and healthier, and we're very, very happy with the margins that we're earning.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Then the question on PGI. If I look at the earnings run rate this quarter, is this a sort of sustainable number that would grow based on AUM? And then if we're looking out next year, adjusted up by, let's say, $5 million to $6 million after tax a quarter considering what you've told us about accretion from the HSBC feasibilities.
James McCaughan: On the last point, Ed, note that the HSBC acquisition is in Principal International rather than Principal Global Investors. Having said that, I think the way to think about your question is actually to look at pretax margins, which is how -- the return on revenue, which is how most asset managers would look at it. And during the financial crisis, our really bad year was 2009 when that measure went down to 15%. We're currently running at about 25%, which I regard as a partial recovery to our long-term target, which would be a little bit over 30% pretax margin. So what I'm really saying is over the next 2 or 3 years, absent another financial crisis, like 2008, '09, absent that, we should be able to build back to margins over, or a little bit over, 30% together with the accretion from the couple of acquisitions we've already done plus the acquisitions that we're hoping to do over the next year or 2. So if you put it all together, you're recall that I put a fairly aggressive, or it looked aggressive at that time, projection for Principal Global Investors earnings at the Investor Day last December. The way I would put it is we are ahead of schedule and moving towards that 30% margin I talked about in December. And with what we've said on flows, what Larry and Terry said on flows, we're feeling pretty optimistic about that. So I hope that puts the current run rate into context.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A lot were asked already but I do have 2. Larry, Terry maybe you could give us a -- remind us of the plan to cut expenses in corporate and other in light of getting out of the major medical business and how that is going. And then maybe an update about what you're thinking about in terms of maybe looking at next year free cash flow to operating earnings, how that might work out?
Larry Zimpleman: I'm sure Terry will probably want to comment on both of those. Maybe just a quick comment on the second one, Steven. We, of course, obviously, do continuing projections on a regular basis. We commented in our earlier comments that 60% of our earnings are now coming from our fee-based businesses. So I would say, in rough terms, we would be in position again forecasting a little bit forward here. But next year, we probably need somewhere around 30% to 35% of our operating earnings to support the organic growth of our business. So somewhere between 65% and 70% of our earnings would be available for free cash flow. But the other comment I would make there is that, as you well know, there are some other pieces in there. Primarily, again, issues around C1 credit that could add or subtract, if you will, in terms of cash flow that we can use for other purposes. So over the course of the last couple of years, we've incurred a fair bit of negative credit drift, and this is really the first quarter where we started to see just a very slight turnaround in that. It's probably too early to forecast that of any sizable magnitude given the problems with the U.S. and the potential downgrade of U.S. credit. But that's just something to kind of keep your eye on as we go forward, which could be some positive trends around credit drifts. So I'll have Terry talk about the corporate and other.
Terrance Lillis: Steven, Id agree with Larry's comments on the free cash flow. It does -- 2/3 of the net income is going towards free cash flow, as we don't need as much to support the organic growth. As terms of overhead that we are now seeing in the corporate segment, we said at the beginning of the year that would be about $8 million per quarter. And as we progress through the year, we've reduced that amount, and it is getting lower, currently around $6 million in the current quarter. Other businesses are growing into that overhead. We're reducing some expenses as well. So we are managing that, and we're in line to remove that overhead over the 18 to 24 months that we'd mentioned last fall.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So on a quarterly run rate, we're still talking about another $6 million to go?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, probably $6 million this quarter. We'll be working that down. But for this year, I would say $6 million is a pretty good number for overhead.
Terrance Lillis: It actually will drop off reasonably quickly because the business in the second -- the Insured Medical business will really start dropping off more quickly in the second half when we'll have the ability to basically non-renew, and they'll transition more quickly over to United or some other carrier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Within FSA, based on the number of plans, we're seeing plan count at the larger employers increase while retracting in some of the smaller employers. So can you talk about this shift maybe in the context of what you're seeing from competitors, maybe your outlook for small, medium businesses? And then any shift in strategy within the larger corporations?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, I'll have Dan comment, Chris. Again I would say that our goal remains to be competitive, and we are competitive at small, medium and large. One thing, depending again on what your point of comparison is there and your question whether you're looking at just last quarter or whether you're looking at a year ago, one of the things that you need to remember is the impact of the RESA queue [ph]. So the RESA queue [ph] had about 1,400 contracts in there in the year-ago quarter. So you just need to be cognizant of that as you kind of make your analysis and comparison. But I'm sure Dan's got more comments.
Daniel Houston: Yes, just a couple, Larry. The first of which is just the lack of new plan formation that continues to be a drag in particular in that small to medium-sized market segment which is, historically, where about half of our growth came from. And we're still seeing a fairly steady diet of plan terminations. Not contract terms but plan terms. They're eliminating their plans. That's not unexpected in difficult economic times. Larger employers, more stability, winning on transfer cases, obviously, and we're retaining those. So we remain just as committed to the small- and medium-sized business marketplace. We like it. We have a lot of success. We got good scale. Weve got our TPA initiative. We have our Allianz partners. And so again, we haven't lost our enthusiasm for the small- to medium-sized market segment. Albeit, it's been a difficult economic environment for those small employers.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then given the U.S. debt issues, how are you guys thinking about sort of the risk of some of the budget proposals we have seen in the life insurers over the years actually maybe getting pushed through? And what would the potential impact be on like DRD, et cetera? I think a couple of quarters ago you talked around maybe in the around $0.20. But I just wanted to see sort of how you're viewing that risk as we move forward.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think it's a little early to tell, Chris, whether there will in fact be serious consideration of tax reform in the near future. My personal belief would be is that between now and election in November 2012, it'd be highly unlikely that we would get into a debate that's going to be as confrontational as that one is. I think if the election in 2012 provided some clarity either way, relative to political party, then there's maybe some possibility of that in, say, 2013. So that -- my point is, it would be a ways out there if there was going to be any discussion, and it would be very much dependent on the election. Having said that, we are, of course, much less, if you will, life insurance than many of our peers. So if inside buildup is an issue, that's a little bit less of an issue for us. And the last thing I'd say is that sort of DRD, as we've said in the past, that's somewhere in the range of a benefit of roughly $80 million a year.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just one last quick one, if I could, maybe for Terry. Have you done any sort of preliminary work around the EITF 09-G in terms of what the implications could be if you're going to look at it retrospectively or not?
Terrance Lillis: Chris, we have looked at this, and we're anticipating it will probably on a retrospective basis. But we're working with E&Y at this point in time to make sure that they're comfortable with our methodology as well. And we'll probably discuss that later in the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I guess during the quarter, one of your competitors in the Full Service business was, I guess, a lot less enthusiastic about it relative to the past. And in follow-on discussions with them, one of the things they cited was this trend towards increased unbundling sort of making its way into the small case market and perhaps that having an impact on the business. So can you just talk a little bit about how you're viewing that? Is it a risk to your margins? Are you prepared to go to a complete unbundling strategy if that's what the clients want?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, Suneet. This is Larry. Let me just assure you that our enthusiasm for what we do in terms of the U.S. retirement space is as high or higher than it's ever been. And I think that, at a high level, what happens here is people, other companies look at that space, they understand just how appealing it is, they move into that space, and then they discover that, you know what, there's actually a lot of issues around that. And again, having been in this business 35 years, I've seen and I've commented before many competitors kind of come in and out and sort of -- we know who you're referring to that sort of has come in a couple of years ago and is finding that it's very, very difficult. So again, I would just emphasize here, our long-term record, our very successful record, our very successful platform, the extent and depth of our service team, our sales team, our Allianz sales, so our enthusiasm. And I think frankly, Suneet, our opportunity is as high today as it's ever been. But I'll let Dan talk about unbundling.
Daniel Houston: We do try to use a lot of discipline. Our market segment strategy is helping us do that to make sure we're getting appropriate levels of margins regardless of the size of the case. Tim Minard and his team have done a good job allocating resources facing off each one of those market segments. We still are convinced that the TRS model is a great differentiator. Weve got a very strong value proposition for our Allianz partners, they value the local sales and services that we provide. We continue to make investments in that. We've leveraged those Allianz relationships, not only to include Full Service but mutual funds and annuities. So again, it's a very comprehensive view. It's inclusive of also asset management and our insurance products, payroll deductions, lack of government's commitment to retirement security means its going to go to the private sector. So again, we feel very optimistic about that. And as we work towards fee disclosure and some of the issues around fiduciary, there will be a few competitors that bail out. We're committed to it. We've got the scale, and we've got the right people and the strategy in place to continue to be a strong leader in this area.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Understood. So bottom line, if we go to an unbundled business model, it really shouldn't have an impact on your margins, that's what you're saying?
Daniel Houston: Exactly.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then just the last question on the whole TPA strategy. I get that, that's where the market's going and that's obviously where you need to be. But is there a risk in terms of your non-TPA distribution force, your sales force of perhaps maybe alienating them, or any risk like that as you start to move more towards the TPA channel?
Larry Zimpleman: I just want to make one comment -- this is Larry. I just want to make one comment here quickly, Suneet. First of all, I don't think that there's any evidence that the market is moving toward a TPA solution. Let me be very clear, the market, about 30% of the market has typically preferred an unbundled solution and you can track that going back literally decades, and that continues to be about where that is. The reason we've begun to talk a little bit more about it is because we PFG have begun to be more active in that TPA market than we have historically. So it's not that there are more -- that there's more interest by advisors or by plan sponsors in TPA. It's that we now have, because of the investments weve made over the last couple of years and the distribution alliances, we now have the capability to be competitive in that market. So that's the difference.
Terrance Lillis: And the only thing I would say in terms of competition, its our Full Service Accumulation reps, they've got the benefit of selling a bundled or a unbundled solution. We don't have 2 competing wholesale sales forces out there competing with one another. We're competing against the competitors. And again back to what Larry had said, we think this is about 25% to 30% of the marketplace. So we look to make the pie bigger, not to carve out and reduce the number of cases nor account -- assets for Full Service Accumulation. And then a closing comment there, again, if you look at trailing 12-month sales for Full Service Accumulation, it's up 87% through 6/30 of 2011 relative to 6/30 of '10. And again, it gets back to Allianz, it gets back to TPA, it gets back to TRS. So it's just one of the drivers for growth for PFG.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please.
Larry Zimpleman: I just want to thank everybody for joining us, and I do appreciate everybody's continuing interest. As I said at opening part of the call, we're very pleased with our results for second quarter and year-to-date, but we know that there will continue to be a lot of challenges in the global economy. We do think our transition to a fee-based company with higher levels of free cash flow is going to give us the opportunity for higher growth but also capital flexibility, which is going to remain key in this uncertain environment.  So thank you very much. We look forward to seeing many of you in our visits over the next quarter and hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern time until end of day August 9, 2011. 79538107 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (800) 642-1687 U.S. and Canadian callers or (706) 645-9291 international callers.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance and Financial Services Larry Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Director of Principal Life James McCaughan - President of Principal Global Investor Terrance Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Norman Sorensen, Principal and Financial; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  I would like to now turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. As usual, I'll comment on 3 areas. First, I will briefly discuss first quarter 2011 results. Second, I'll discuss the ongoing implementation of our strategy and the long-term potential of that strategy, and I'll close with some comments about our financial position and our outlook for the rest of 2011. Then, Terry will cover the financial results in more detail.  We view our first quarter financial results as very solid. Total company operating earnings are up on a nominal basis, 8% over fourth quarter 2010 and 5% over the year-ago quarter. On a normalized basis, adjusting for the ownership change of our Brazil joint venture and our decision to scale back our Investment Only business, our operating earnings were up 18% over the year-ago quarter while average assets under management increased 12%.  We've mentioned in the last 2 earnings calls that we have begun to see increasing signs of growth across our businesses. That trend picked up further momentum in first quarter and we view our growth metrics as being very positive. Let me highlight some of those growth metrics.  Full Service Accumulation sales of $2 billion were very solid. And when combined with the fourth quarter sales of $3 billion, our total sales of $5 billion in the past 2 quarters is the highest consecutive quarterly sales total since early 2008. We had another record quarter for mutual fund sales of nearly $3 billion. Strong net cash flow with $870 million for Full Service Accumulation, $620 million for Principal Funds and $1.3 billion for Principal International. First quarter mandates awarded to Principal Global Investors were $2.1 billion as compared to $2 billion for all of 2010. While Principal Global Investors unaffiliated flows were negative due to the loss of a large core fixed income mandate, the new mandates bode well for unaffiliated flows in the next few quarters. Individual Life sales, up 35% from a year ago with the business market representing 70% of Life sales compared to 54% in first quarter 2010. Record sales for our Specialty Benefits businesses this quarter with loss ratio staying well within our targeted range. First quarter sales are up 56% from the year-ago quarter.  In summary, we saw a good growth across our business portfolio, driving company assets under management to $327 billion, which is a company record. Assets under management are a good leading indicator for revenue and profitability for the rest of 2011. While we're pleased by these signs of improving growth, we know that the recovery is still fragile. But we are seeing early signs of employee growth in our employer-sponsored businesses with participation and participants salary deferrals showing small improvements. We expect the ongoing recovery to be slow but we do believe it is sustainable and is gaining momentum.  Now let me move to some comments on the ongoing implementation of our strategy and its long-term potential. We know that 30% to 40% of the Retirement business is sold on an unbundled basis involving a third-party administrator platform as compared to a bundled offering. Several years ago, we began initiatives to capture an increasing share of the third-party administrator market as well as continuing our leadership within the bundled portion of the market. The third-party administrator initiative has begun to gain real traction with record sales this quarter along with strong sales using our Total Retirement Suite platform, which remains best-in-class among retirement providers.  Our investment performance remains very competitive with 78% of funds above median for the one-year period. This performance was recognized by Barron's annual rankings of best fund families by naming Principal Funds as the third best fund family for investment performance across all asset classes for the one-year ranking and the seventh best fund family for the past 10 years. Our focus on the emerging middle class in key developing economies of the world continues to fuel growth for Principal International. Two examples of this, we saw new sales within our Brasilprev joint venture increase 75% and net cash flows increase by 92%, both over first quarter 2010.  In short, we believe we have exactly the right strategy involving a hybrid model of asset accumulation, asset management and risk businesses positioned in the best markets in the U.S. and developing countries to drive consistent growth over many years. This hybrid model will produce increasing amounts of free cash flow that will allow us to continue to build our businesses over time as well as return capital to investors while maintaining a strong financial position.  The highlights of our ongoing strategy implementation in first quarter were the announcements of our acquisition of HSBC's Mexican AFORE pension company and the acquisition of a majority stake in Finisterre Capital, an emerging market fixed income specialist in London. As we have said for several years, our priorities for deploying capital are to first, add mass or scale to an existing business or second, to add new capabilities, which we believe will provide substantial growth opportunities in the future. The HSBC acquisition gives us the scale to be a leader in the Mexico AFORE business. We will be the #4 in number of customers and #6 in assets under management. We expect to close the deal in the third quarter, and it will be immediately accretive to earnings. With the acquisition, we also gain the exclusive right to distribute AFORE products through the 1,100 HSBC branches for the next 5 years, which is the fourth largest bank network in Mexico. The AFORE business compliments our mutual fund and voluntary pension savings businesses in Mexico, adding further growth to our existing businesses.  Finally, as the regulators in Mexico begin to allow AFORE assets to be invested outside Mexico, it will create an opportunity for Principal Global Investors to provide the needed Global Asset Management expertise. We expect the same trend to occur in other emerging markets including China, Brazil and India, which will create increasing synergy between Principal International and Principal Global Investors.  Now, a few comments on Finisterre Capital. They are an emerging market fixed income specialist based in London with a strong track record. While we already have a substantial position in managing emerging market investments with Principal International and Principal Global Investors managing a combined $67 billion, the interest in emerging market securities is enormous. Finisterre Capital adds to this capability with their unique and proven approach, and we expect substantial growth for Finisterre as we help them build through our global distribution platform.  Now let me close with some comments on our financial position and our outlook for 2011. In terms of financial position, our book value per share was at another record level this quarter with book value, excluding AOCI, increasing to $28.38, up 6% over first quarter and book value, including AOCI, at $30.02, up 20% over a year ago. Total common equity stood at $9.6 billion, another company record. In short, we are at the strongest financial position in our 132-year history.  As mentioned previously, we expect that we will have approximately $700 million in deployable capital in 2011. With the HSBC and Finisterre acquisitions, we still have approximately $400 million of deployable capital for the remainder of 2011 for a combination of acquisition and return of capital to shareholders. As always, we'll be disciplined in our capital deployment, staying mindful of accounting or regulatory changes that could impact our capital position.  Looking forward, we are pleased with our first quarter results and are excited about the rest of 2011. Our general account investment portfolio continues to perform well. Our competitive position remains strong, and our employees are excited about our future. In the past 2 months, I've attended sales conferences in the U.S., Latin America and Asia, and I have never seen the enthusiasm as high as it is today. It is clearer than ever that aging populations, global competition among employers to attract and retain top-notch employees and financially constrained governments, together drive an unprecedented need for our businesses. We're in the right businesses in the right markets with employees that have proven their ability to deliver.  Before I turn the call over to Terry, let me comment briefly on our new branding and educational effort called Dream Again with the Principal. Our educational effort provides the tools advisors need to help employers and individuals consider their dreams and rebuild their financial futures. The early indicators say this message continues the positive response to our integrated America Rebuilds campaign as people move on from the financial crisis. In fact, the Principal was recently named Investment Brand of The Year in the 2011 Harris Poll EquiTrend study. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks, Larry. We start out 2011 where we left off 2010 with strong diversified earnings, good sales momentum across the board and flexible capital position. First quarter results reflect the continued momentum that started to build in the second half of 2010.  This morning, I'll focus my comments on operating earnings for the quarter, net income including the continued solid performance of our investment portfolio and the strength and flexibility of our capital position and continued implementation of our capital management strategy.  Starting with total company results. Once again, we ended the quarter with record assets under management now at $327 billion. Total company earnings of $232 million are up 5% from a year ago quarter on 12% higher average assets under management.  There are 3 main items influencing comparability between the first quarter 2011 and first quarter 2010: the reduced economic interest in our Brasilprev joint venture that began on June 1, 2010; the fees due to the opportunistic early retirement of Investment Only liabilities and associated recovery of the receivable in the year-ago quarter; and variances between the periods for the recognition of deferred acquisition cost amortization expense and dividends received deduction. Adjusting for these items, first quarter 2011 earnings were up 18% on a 12% increase in average assets under management compared to first quarter 2010, a very solid result reflecting strong operational leverage.  Let me quickly identify the items impacting first quarter 2011 reported earnings per share of $0.71. A prior year dividend received deduction accrual true-up and stronger than expected DAC amortization true-up negatively impacted Full Service Accumulation by $0.02. Stronger than expected net investment income benefited Individual Annuities by $0.01, amortization expense true-up for rising interest rates in Mexico negatively impacted Principal International by $0.01 and favorable mortality experience benefited Individual Life by $0.01. On an adjusted basis, we consider the EPS run rate for this quarter to be $0.72. This continues the steady trend of normalized EPS improvement.  Now let me discuss the business unit results. Retirement and Investor Services earnings of $159 million in the first quarter are the segment's third highest quarterly earnings. The segment had record account values of $185 billion at quarter end. Full Service Accumulation operating earnings at $76 million were flat with the year-ago quarter on a 13% increase in average account values. As I mentioned, the current quarter was negatively impacted by a lower dividend received deduction accrual true-up than in the year-ago quarter and higher DAC amortization from experience true-ups. Adjusting for these items, operating earnings are in line with the 13% growth in average account values. Full Service Accumulation sales in the first quarter were very strong at $2 billion, up 16% over first quarter 2010 as we continue to see an increase in proposal activity and improvement in our close ratios.  Contract withdrawals moderated from fourth quarter 2010 as we expected. Combined, these items drove net cash flows of $870 million, contributing to record account values of $113 billion at quarter end. In addition, our pipeline continues to build, giving us momentum for strong full year sales, which we expect to be 15% to 20% higher than full year 2010. Principal Funds continues to deliver a series of excellent quarters. Operating earnings at $12 million in the first quarter were up 18% over a year ago quarter on a 19% increase in average account values. Principal funds delivered record sales of nearly $3 billion in first quarter and strong net cash flows of $620 million, the second highest quarterly net cash flow.  During the past 3 quarters combined, Principal Funds has achieved nearly $2 billion in positive net cash flows. We continue to benefit from the strength of our multi-channel distribution model, with strong growth across our national, proprietary and defined contribution Investment Only channels. Continued strong investment performance also contributed to the results. As of quarter end, 87% of our asset allocation funds were in the top half on a one-year basis, 78% on a 3-year basis and 69% on a 5-year basis.  Individual Annuities achieved record operating earnings this quarter of $37 million, driven by strong net investment income and record account values of $19 billion. The stronger-than-expected net investment income for the current quarter benefited from prepayments and gains on sales of assets. Bank and trust services had operating earnings of $9 million and net income of $7 million for the quarter. On a near term, go-forward basis, we expect bank and trust services to deliver quarterly net income of $2 million to $4 million, which is better than previous estimates due to the improving fundamentals and continued paydown and overall improvement in the home equity portfolio.  Earnings from Principal Global Investors at $17 million improved 38% from a year-ago quarter on a 6% improvement in average assets under management. This reflects the improving fees for an actively managed funds, increased real estate mandates and strong operating leverage. Of the $3 billion net outflows of unaffiliated assets under management at Principal Global Investors this quarter, $2.1 billion was due to the state of Florida rotating from a core-plus fixed income mandate to an internally managed passive account. This asset allocation decision was part of the reallocation of billions of dollars away from multiple core-plus managers. The state of Florida remains a client of Principal Global Investors and other asset categories.  We are optimistic about revenue growth and net cash flows in Principal Global Investors for the remainder of the year. Mandates awarded in the first quarter 2011 were greater than full year 2010, and we see an increase in searches and specialized investment strategies where we have expertise such as real estate, currency, high yield and international equities.  As Larry mentioned, we're excited about the growth potential that our acquisition of a majority stake in Finisterre Capital brings us. Assuming a third quarter close, we expect the transaction to be EPS neutral in 2011 and accretive in 2012. Combining our global distribution platform with the expertise of Finisterre Capital and capitalizing on anticipated synergies, we expect Finisterre's assets under management to grow 3 to 5x over the next 5 years. This level of growth is consistent with that achieved following our acquisition of other boutique managers such as Columbus Circle Investors and Spectrum Asset Management.  Moving to Principal International. Operating earnings at $29 million were down 25% from first quarter 2010. Adjusting for the lower economic interest in our Brazilian joint venture, Brasilprev, and an amortization true-up in Mexico, earnings were up 20% over the prior year quarter. Our run rate for the current period earnings is $32 million to $33 million. Principal International finished the quarter with record assets under management of $49 billion, driven by strong net cash flows of $1.3 billion. Given the rapidly growing middle-class populations, we're excited about the organic growth opportunities for defined contribution pensions and mutual funds in the emerging markets where we already have a presence.  The acquisition of the HSBC AFORE in Mexico is a perfect example. This is the fourth AFORE transaction. We have proven success in efficiently merging these acquisitions and quickly gaining synergies. We've seen a compounded annual growth rate in assets under management of 33% from the 3 previous acquisitions. We expect the transaction to be immediately accretive as we add HSBC's assets under management to our existing infrastructure. Assuming this transaction closes in early third quarter of this year, we expect an increase of earnings per share of $0.02 to $0.03 in the second half of 2011 and $0.06 to $0.08 in 2012. This deal is projected to have an ROA of between 70 to 80 basis points, which is consistent with our existing Mexican AFORE business.  U.S. Insurance solutions operating earnings of $60 million is an increase of 35% compared to first quarter 2010, driven by favorable claims experience and increasing momentum in the underlying businesses. Individual Life had operating earnings of $37 million, up 20% over the prior year quarter due to improved mortality experience. The business market accounted for 70% of the total sales in the first quarter 2011, highlighting our success in serving the needs of business owners and key executives. Reflecting growth in the business, the run rate for Individual Life operating earnings is in the range of $31 million to $33 million per quarter.  Turning to Specialty Benefits. Operating earnings of $23 million were up 69% over the year-ago quarter, driven by investment performance and an improved loss ratio that remains comfortably within our targeted range. The decline in the sequential earnings is due to a normal seasonality in dental claims. Specialty benefits had record sales of $113 million this quarter, up 56% over a challenging first quarter 2010. Metrics such as premium, in-force lives and existing case membership continues to build momentum.  Shifting to total company net income, we delivered $196 million this quarter, up 3% over first quarter 2010. After-tax net realized capital losses of $53 million are lower than a year-ago quarter. We continue to see improvement in corporate credit-related and commercial mortgage whole loan losses. CMBS losses also improved and continue to be manageable. Our investment portfolio performance continues to reflect the benefit of broad asset diversification. The strength of our balance sheet reflects the ongoing improvement in the credit markets as the U.S. economy rebuilds. At $1.2 billion in net unrealized capital gains, we were up $300 million from fourth quarter 2010. During the quarter, we had a $700 million gain due to tightening of credit spreads offset by a $400 million loss from the impact of rising interest rates. Let me remind you that because of our strong asset liability management, changes in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement did not result in an economic impact.  Moving to capital adequacy, as of quarter end, we estimate our risk-based capital ratio to be 425%. This improvement from year-end 2010 reflects current period statutory net income and a $200 million distribution from the life company to the holding company in the first quarter. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.9 billion of total excess capital. $1.1 billion of excess capital is at the holding company, with $280 million committed to our recent acquisitions that we expect to fund in the third quarter.  In addition to our capital cushion, we still have more than $400 million left to deploy in 2011 for appropriate acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders. As we continue to shift to a more fee-based business model, less capital is needed to support organic growth, which results in an enhanced stability to generate free cash flow. This furthers our ability to increase shareholder value over time through strategic capital redeployment. The strength of our balance sheet gives us good financial flexibility and we look for opportunities to grow the enterprise in 2011 and beyond. Again, we're very pleased with the financial results of our businesses this quarter. Momentum continues to build as does our long-term growth potential.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Market.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So on FSA. Appreciate the sales guidance there but if transfer deposits, I guess, were lower than our expectations just from a timing perspective and for modeling purposes, I want to get a sense of kind of how those sales work their way in. I guess last year, the first quarter was good and then it kind of dipped down and ended the year strong. Should we kind of expect a similar pattern this year?
Larry Zimpleman: Randy, this is Larry. I think just to reiterate sort of the longer-term sort of guidance we've given around that, I think we've generally talked in terms of sales, about 65% of that turns into transfer deposits within that particular quarter. And then it sort of rolls out roughly 20, 10 and 5. I don't think that there's anything necessarily that has changed that. I would say that the fourth quarter sales -- the first quarter sales didn't quite turn into deposits of that same 65% rate, but these are all within the normal variations. Let me see if Dan's got any more he wants to add on that.
Daniel Houston: No. The only other thing I would call out is we did have a large case, over $100 million in the fourth quarter of '10 and a $1.5 billion total. Whereas in the first quarter of '11, it was $285 million. So what we're seeing in the first quarter is a significant increase in the number of cases partially due to our third-party administration rollout and fewer larger cases. And again, as Larry said, one of the larger cases deposit will actually come in the first part of the second quarter as opposed to funding in the first quarter. Hopefully that helps.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: No, it does. Absolutely. Just one other question, I'll go on the queue. On the DRD, can we go through specifically what affected that true-up and if that could possibly be recurring?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, yes, the DRD true-up, again, is more a comparison, Randy, of what the true-up was this year as compared to what it was a year ago. So this year was a little bit unusual in that the DRD true-up has historically been a small positive, so it's typically been in the range. Last year, it was about $4 million positive, $4.5 million positive. This year was a little bit unusual in the sense that it was actually slightly negative, about $1.5 million negative. So that swing is a little over $6 million, $6.5 million. So that's the item that you kind of need to take into account when you're thinking about what the true return is within the Full Service Accumulation.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I guess why was it negative is the question.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, it's just a matter of estimating it. So you estimated in one quarter and so again, whether you're estimating what dividend flows are going to be coming out of the portfolio as we hold within our -- generally speaking within our group annuity contracts. So it's just an estimation issue. But, Terry, do you want to add anymore to that?
Terrance Lillis: No. No, you're absolutely right, Larry. At each quarter, we're required to look at our estimate of our effective tax rate for the entire year and have to adjust accordingly. And so you have to make an estimate of the dividends that you'll receive, as Larry mentioned, in the first quarter and then throughout the year, you true that up as you go along. However, once you get into the first quarter of each year, you have to true-up for the prior year, and that's where the estimate comes into play.
Operator: The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I had a couple of questions. The first one is just on your FSA plans. They've been going down steadily over the last several quarters. I think you're down about 7% from last year. So what's causing that and what your outlook is? And then second and maybe for Jim, in the PGI business, obviously, your performance has been good and you cited that on the call but you haven't had the positive quarter in terms of flows, I think, since the first quarter of '09. So what your outlook is for flows, what do you think is holding you guys back and do you expect to turn positive flows at some point in the next few quarters? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, let me just make a couple of high-level comments on both of those. Again, I think the plan counts, while it is still a negative story, that is primarily due to the economic environment involving a combination of fewer start-up plans as well as a few more plan terminations, and I'll turn it to Dan in a second to talk about sort of the outlook. And then as it relates to PGI, I'll have -- again, I'll have Jim comment when Dan gets done. But again, the real story there is that the momentum at least in terms of mandates is now beginning to pick up and we saw good activity in Q1. So we're optimistic. But again, I'll have Jim comment after Dan talks about the plan count.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Larry. So we actually did see in that group from 100 to 500, they go up 1%. 1,000 or plus actually went up 5%, and we're a little bit down in that 500 to a 1,000 range. And as Larry pointed out, there's fewer start-ups, which is the largest contributor in the under-100 life market. As we said in the earlier comments on the script, if we look at just case counts, it's up 29% through our TPA model. We hit $384 million in sales in the first quarter. You can roll back a few years ago and that would have been an annual sort of number. So again, 23% improvement in case count sales from the first quarter of '11 from the fourth quarter of '10. If we look at first quarter of '11 versus the first quarter of '10, it's up actually 29% from 640 plans, day 28. So the momentum is coming back in terms of the small group marketplace where we're focusing our sales force in addition to the TPA strategy. And I would just make one closing comment, we're one of the very few TPA solutions out there that actually is inclusive of our TRS model. So they can use DB, DC nonqualified deferred comp and ESOP along with a third-party administrator, which is unique in the marketplace. Larry, I'll turn it back to you.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Jim, you want to comment on PGI flows going forward?
James McCaughan: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Jimmy. I think the point to make really here is that this quarter, the loss of the large mandate for Florida, $2 billion, that is a large core, very low fee mandate. 10 or 11 basis point is typical for that sort of mandate. And you'll recall that we lost one of these large loan low fee mandate last quarter as well. I think it's symptomatic of the fact that institutional buying behavior is somewhat changing, and we're seeing a lot of institutions move to passive and in some cases liability-driven investing for their large core mandates. That is obviously negative for our flows. However, at the same time, they are committing to high added value satellite mandates in a number of areas. You've seen more of a bifurcation of buying behavior. And we are seeing a lot of interest because of our multi-boutique structure in these high added value mandates. This would include high yields and other niche-fixed income; international, including emerging equities, as Terry mentioned; real estate. So we're extremely well-placed to supply in these higher added value at smaller mandates. And do bear in mind that the mandate we lost this time would have been a very low fee. This satellite mandates are more like 50, 60, 70 basis points. Or in some unusual cases, with performance fees, they can be 1 and 20 or even 2 and 20. So I think what I would sum it up by saying is, I have become more optimistic, if anything, about revenues even as the asset potential looks less than I thought it was maybe 6 months ago when we talked at Investor Day. So I think this changed buying behavior is -- is actually, we'll have to see how it goes. But it does make me quite confident about the revenue outlook. Larry and Terry both alluded to the fact that our sales activity, our awarded mandates has picked up very strongly in the first quarter. It's been a long time coming. It's kind of odd that the very sophisticated institutions seem to have taken longer to get their confidence back in a way than many of the defined contribution investors. But I can tell you it is happening. Our pipeline is looking very buoyant right now. I hope that helps.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, sure. And then, Dan, another one just on FSA. If you look at the past couple of years, the first quarter, your flows have been higher than the full year numbers. So could you talk a little bit about the quarterly, better than you expect, should we expect the same this year and that the first quarter will be higher than the year? Or should you -- are you expecting more of an improvement in the second half?
Daniel Houston: Yes. Well, yes, I think we're actually off to a good start. And as we said in the script, we would anticipate sales being up about 15% to 20% over last year's sales and note 2010 sales were 32% higher than the 2009 sales. In terms of the pattern that we cited to the earlier question, some of the first quarter actual receipt of the cash is spilling over into the second quarter. We won't get into the gory details on a couple of cases with that, that transpired but I would anticipate actually fairly up into the right sort of movement for the balance of 2010 transfer deposits.
Larry Zimpleman: I'll give you just 2 quick factoids that might be helpful relative to recurring deposits. In the first quarter, Jimmy, we saw participant deferrals actually increase about 6% in first quarter over first quarter a year ago. And I think one thing that I think shows how profits are coming back is we saw employer matches were 32% higher in first quarter '11 over first quarter '10. So I think It gives us a bit more confidence around the recurring deposits stream. And we you then add to that, the transfer deposits Dan talked about, I'd hope we'd end up with net cash flow for '11 back closer to what it was for 2009.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: A couple of questions. First, Larry, why don't we just pick up on your comments here about deferrals and employer matches. And perhaps you can put some numbers behind that because if I'm looking at recurring deposits year-over-year, they were flat. And I think we'd all appreciate understanding a little bit more what's going on underneath that. Second, with respect to capital management, I appreciate you did the deals but you certainly, I think, given the very strong indication you'd be in the market, buying in shares sooner than later and nothing happened this quarter. And sort of what's going on there? Clearly, some in the quarter, given the market reaction to your stock this morning, something seems to be a bit of a disconnect with what you've been saying and how the markets read again.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, well, let me -- I'll comment on both of those and Dan may want to comment on the recurring deposits as well. Again, when you look out comparison to a year ago, as Dan said, there was some -- a little bit of noise in what was recurring deposits a year ago because we have some ESOP plans who will occasionally do some pre-funding, and we had a little bit of that going on in first quarter '10. That's actually a positive sign relative to the economy picking up in 2010. But it makes the comparison in 2011 recurring deposits a little more challenging. As I said, we are seeing deferrals up. We're seeing matches up. So again, we're optimistic about that going forward. In terms of capital management, Colin, certainly again we have been clear that we believe we'll have approximately $700 million to deploy in capital during the entire year of 2011. I think it's always been true that it never -- we'd expect that to be a mix. We expect that to be a mix of acquisitions as well as some sort of return of capital to shareholders. And we knew a quarter ago, of course, we knew that we were highly likely to be closing the acquisitions that we announced. So it would be reasonable that we couldn't be in the market doing any sort of share repurchase if we knew we were on the verge of closing a couple of acquisitions. Now as we go forward, again, we continue to look for appropriate acquisitions and we'll always do that. But we also recognize it's unlikely that there's probably that level of acquisition out there. But we also need to be cognizant about some of the carrying and regulatory changes. But I do expect, over time, we will have enough capital to distribute both in the form of acquisitions as well as return of capital to shareholders. And I expect that to happen during 2011.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: Okay, just -- again, it would be helpful to get some actual numbers behind what deferrals and company matches are. But also tied to that, you've put out what I thought was certainly a fairly aggressive goal this year for FSA net flows of up to 3% to 5%. Are you reaffirming that this morning or how do we look here today?
Larry Zimpleman: Again, just to be clear, as far as deferrals, the deferrals right now are running at about an annualized rate of about 7.4% of salary. So that's up a little bit over what it has been the last couple of years. So again, I think that's an optimistic sign. I'd say in terms of net cash flow, as I said, it's awfully hard to predict it off of one quarter. But if you look at flows in 2008, they were about 5% of beginning balance. If you look at flows in 2009, they were about 2.5% of beginning balance. If you look at flows in 2010, they were basically flat. And I would expect that what we'd end up with for 2011 would be something that looks like 2009. So it would be more in that 2% to 3% of beginning of period account value.
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A couple of follow-ups. Jim, could you -- going back to the passive investment that moved or the core that moved to passive of last quarter, the core that move to passive it this quarter, how should we think about -- what kind of exposure you have there? How much in assets could you see that possibly occurring to?
James McCaughan: Sorry, I'll take that straightaway, if that's all right, Larry?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, go ahead.
James McCaughan: It's difficult to say because what has happened with the Florida mandate is it's a move from active core to passive by the client. So it's very hard to know how much of our active core is liable to move in that direction. Having said that, with the investment performance we've talked about, we are certainly not the first target when most of those clients increase their passive element. They will tend to part with the weakest performing core mandates. And so I think that there are a lot of other asset managers and you're seeing some with very large institutional outflows, I don't know how they're explaining it but I think what's happening to them in industry terms is that the weaker core mandates are being transferred rather more aggressively to passive. So our exposure, I think, should be modest. By this stage in the quarter, we would probably know if we're going to lose another big one this quarter. As of now, I'm not aware of one. So I think that the sort of phenomenon with one large mandate that happened last quarter is pretty unlikely this quarter. But you know, anybody who's got a lot of core mandates when there is a cyclical moved towards passive has a certain degree of vulnerability. I just think where we are in the lead tables insulates us somewhat. But the more important thing that gets us really going is these smaller satellite mandates where the opportunities are increasing.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thank you. That's good info. And then, Terry, if I may, just kind of a geography question, if you will. Looking at the -- it sounded like you're suggesting $2 million to $4 million quarterly run rate for bank and trust. For modeling purposes, how would we get there from the close to $9 million that you put up in the -- I'm sorry, I'm looking at operating earnings, forget that question. I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to get through -- Larry, I think you touched in your earlier comments, you talked about 30%, 40% of industry-wide total business being sold on kind of an unbundled platform, if you will, and that you're kind of moving more into that area through your TPA platform, at least trying to access that. I guess I'd be curious about what percent of your sales are actually unbundled or on a TPA platform or however you want to characterize it? And how does that number compare to say, a year ago?
Larry Zimpleman: I think we'll just let Dan go ahead and cover that. Dan?
Daniel Houston: Yes, if you look at total sales for FSA of say, $6.6 billion a year ago, total TPA sales would have been kind of closer to that $600 million to $700 million range. Right now, you'd think about increasing sales by 15% to 20%. My expectation is the TPA will make up a lot of ground on that, and it wouldn't surprise me to start seeing that number start getting up to say 15%, 16%, 17% of total sales coming through third-party administrator. And again, I would emphasize that to make sure you're not comparing samples in arduous because a lot of these opportunities on our full service platform tend to be more TRS in nature. And although we provide TRS solutions to the TPA marketplace, a lot of those would be stand-alone 401(k) sorts of mandates so it's not directly comparable. Does that help, Mark?
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: It does. I mean, I guess how should we think about the differences in terms of margins. If more of this business is being sold on kind of a TPA platform, how should we think about in terms of a 30 to 32 basis point margin target?
Daniel Houston: We think they're very comparable between full service and TPA. Remember, this is a smaller block of business. We're making investments in distribution. We're making investments in some of these TPAs. We're doing some programming that enhances our technology to support them. So we've got some higher cost deploying the TPA strategy over the next few years. But I would say as we target long-term, 30 to 32 basis points after-tax ROAs, we would anticipate both the TPA and the full service to be in the same zip code.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just one follow-up on PGI. I mean if you look at PGI margins, call it revenue margins, they've trended up nicely over -- as the markets have improved. This quarter, they actually went down a little bit. And I'm just curious if there's anything specific that occurred in this quarter or why didn't we see some operating leverage in that business?
James McCaughan: The point about this quarter is the first quarter has a lot less incentive fees than the fourth quarter. And to be precise on incentive fees, it has about $8 million in gross in the fourth quarter of last year and under $1 million this year. These incentive fees tend to be back-end loaded in the calendar year. So if you look back at the quarterly pattern, you'll see in the last 3 or 4 years that the fourth quarters tended to be the strongest earnings one for PGI. That's really all that's going on. If you look at it on an annual basis, our margins obviously took a bit of a dropping in the financial crisis. In the worst year, they were down to sort of 14% or 15%. We are rebuilding towards -- our belief in the next 2 or 3 years is we can get the pretax margins up to 30% or a bit more. We won't be there in 2011. But with increasing scale and with, therefore, increasing operating leverage, we think that's where the margin should go over the next 2 or 3 years.
Operator: The next question will come from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I want to follow-up on the margin question in TPA. I guess one of the arguments for TRS has been that the number of competitors you go up against with the bundled solution is a handful versus, I think you said in the past, I don't know, 10, 20 players you might go up against when it's a stand-alone 401(k) plan. I guess it doesn't seem to me that you could have as much confidence that the margins would be the same considering that the number of competitors you're up against is multiples of what it is in TRS. So could you expand upon that a little bit?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry and I'll have Dan comment. I would -- I wanted to quickly follow-up on your comment about TRS metrics because I think we have commented from time to time in the past as we've launched TRS that we had a belief that because of the multi-product relationship that we have on TRS where it's defined benefit, defined contribution, nonqualified and ESOP or some combination of those 4, we felt like over time that was definitely going to create a stickier relationship. We know that our close rates are about twice as high when we're quoting a TRS set of planned solutions rather than stand-alone 401(k). But obviously, it was going to take some time before we could begin to measure the stickiness of those relationships. And I would say that we've now begun to do that. It's becoming more credible, certainly, as we've had now TRS for 4 or 5 years. And in rough terms, what we had expected to see is exactly what we are seeing. We're seeing about a 20% improvement in lapse rates on our TRS block than we are on our, if you will, our regular block or a non-TRS block or our stand-alone 401(k) block. So I just wanted to comment on that because you had mentioned it and I think we're seeing some good things develop. And I think it certainly is worthy of mention as again we think about that 30 to 32 basis point ROA margin. So I'll let Dan talk about TPA.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So just a couple of quick comments, Ed, about our TPA differentiators relative to maybe the other similar competitors in the space. The reality is we do have TRS available, which resonates in the sales process to talk about that. Even if it's a stand-alone today, it has the ability to be upgraded at some later date. Our technology is very refined, very custom. As you know, we have a proprietary platform. We rolled out a very comprehensive automated Form 5500 solution, not only to our full service platform but also to our TPA so they've got that upgrade. Again, I won't go into gory details today but it suffices to say it's a very robust tool. We still make retire secure available through our local sales and service offices, which, as you know, is the workplace, enrollment and cross-sell initiative to drive assets to the platforms, so retire secure is available for TPA. Local service is available if they choose to have it, which again is a differentiator relative to the competition. And then lastly, I would tell you that our investment lineup resonates to strong proprietary competitively priced investment lineup. You heard in the script, some favorable comments about our Barron's ranking. So I wouldn't let it just always get boiled down to price when you're talking about TPA. And again, our sales people and service people are very astute in recognizing what it is that the advisor wants to compete in a marketplace. Hopefully that helps.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: It does, Dan, but I guess still going back to I think a core message from you guys has been that the TRS model dramatically reduces the number of competitors you're going up against. So I appreciate that you have selling points beyond price. But I think from the outside looking in, it's a little hard for us to sort of agree that the ability to get the same margins in TPA is evident. And maybe what we're missing and maybe you can help us with this is, do you see a higher percentage of the deposits from TPA going into PGI funds versus under TRS?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think -- this is Larry, Ed. I mean, I think you are now on what is really going to be among other things, first of all, I think there's going to be 2 things that are going to ultimately tell the tale relative to the margins in a third-party administrator-type situation. One is, will TRS add value to the point that we're going to see the same improvements in lapse rates that we're seeing on our full service block? And of course, again, we don't know enough yet. It will be a couple of years before we know that. But the second one is exactly what your question is talking about, which is can we still drive that 65% to 70% of TPA assets into a proprietary platform? So I think that's what's going to be -- at the end of the day, is going to be a significant relative to getting that same margin. I don't know yet if we have enough experience.
Daniel Houston: We don't. But generally again, those TPA plans tend to be smaller plans. It's generally fewer than a couple of hundred employees. The local advisor has a lot of control working with the plan sponsor. Generally, they like the idea that the TPA is locally -- is local. There's strong working relationships there. We enjoy very strong relationships with advisors. And again, on smaller plans is where we tend to see higher percentage of the dollars in total go to proprietary investment options. But that's worthy of noting, Ed. We'll make sure we'll be able to address this in more detail on future calls as we get a larger block of TPA business.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: You said 65% to 70% would be kind of what you would hope for and how does that compare versus TRS?
Larry Zimpleman: That is what TRS is, Ed. So TRS is in that entire bundled block is in that 65% to 75% of account values being proprietary.
Operator: The next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just a quick follow-up to Ed's line of questioning on the 65% to 70%. I know that you're still sort of trying to figure out how this is going to play out over time but how much of a swing factor is that in the 30 to 32 basis points? In other words, if you got maybe half of the 65% to 70% with the TPA, how much would that change that margin that you kind of guided us to?
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry, Suneet. It would not -- in sort of the next year or so, it's unlikely that it would have any significance on our ability to achieve a 30 to 32. I would answer your question this way, however. If we ended up let's say 2 years from now, we ended up with the proprietary assets within our TPA block in our third-party administrator block being in let's just hypothetically say 35% to 40% of account value, we have to rethink the entire kind of TPA strategy. I would again say, if you look at our investment performance where 78% of our entire platform is above median and 87% of our asset allocation funds are above median, that gives us a strong opportunity to drive those proprietary assets. So it is sort of a foundational part of our TPA strategy that we're going to be driving assets at that same level or we're -- then we're not interested in investing in growing that part of the business.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then I guess a couple of questions for Terry, if I could, on capital. First, in terms of the $700 million of capital that you're looking to redeploy this year, does that include expected 2011 operating earnings generation?
Terrance Lillis: Suneet, this is Terry. No, we said at the beginning of the year and actually at Investor Day that we felt we had $700 million of deployable capital in 2011 of which we've already deployed about $280 million of that. Earnings will be generated throughout the year on top of that, and we'll be able to look at that in future years.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: But I guess as we get towards the end of the year and we think about your, I think, you'd pay your dividend in the fourth quarter, you're talking about around $400 million of additional capital redeploy. I think the dividend is somewhere in the neighborhood of $200 million, which would suggest $200 million of available capital for buybacks and other things. As we get towards the end of the year, if that doesn't include the earnings generation that you're doing this year, why couldn't that number be higher than $400 million?
Terrance Lillis: Well, the $200 million that you've mentioned, the hypothetical number for the common stock would be part of the earnings that were generated throughout the year. You asked about the $700 million that we said at the beginning of the year, and we felt that we have that at the end of 2010 and we felt we would deploy it in 2011. We will continue to generate additional amounts of capital throughout the year, and we'll look for other ways of deploying that in future years as well. But we put the $700 million as an appropriate metric for 2011.
Larry Zimpleman: And Suneet, this is Larry. Just to be -- to try to add a little bit of clarity around this. The whole -- as I commented or as I mentioned in my comments at the opening of the call, I mean there still remains a lot of uncertainties in the environment relative to capital standards and accounting changes and other issues that are going to continue to play out from Dodd-Frank relative to things like systemically significant. So we have purposely tried to be I would say reasonable but, if you will, slightly conservative in our $700 million. So again, I think that's really what Terry is trying to say. And those uncertainties relative to changing capital standards or accounting changes, I'd say those uncertainties, while we would have hoped they would begin to be clarified over time, I'd say they would still remain uncertainties. I think as you know as well as anybody, a lot of the implementation around Dodd-Frank is dragging. I think it's going to continue to drag. So we're not going to have as much clarity around that as soon in 2011 as we would frankly had anticipated at Investor Day.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Understood. If I could just throw in one quick follow-up just on the capital. Some of your competitors have sort of been pretty vocal about perhaps prioritizing common stock dividend increases going forward more so than share repurchases at least relative to what we've seen in pre-crisis years. Can you just maybe give us your thoughts on how you think about those 2 levers? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, absolutely. Again, as I said -- Suneet, this is Larry. So as I've said, over time and time would be, let's just for the sake of discussion say 4 to 6 quarters, I would expect that our capital deployment would include all 3 levers of organic growth, which, of course, is always there, acquisitions as well as return of capital to shareholders. So when you look at it over a 4 to 6 quarter period, you would see reasonable proportions going into all 3 tranches. We knew a quarter ago. We knew a quarter ago, when we had the earnings call that we were very, very close on some possible acquisitions that we're strategically very important to us. And the good news is, is that we were able to do those deals. So consequently, in terms of the prioritization, that takes priority. Now as we sit here today, of course, it doesn't mean that environment is isn't still allowing us to do our acquisitions. It is but obviously, we've now closed those. So now it's more likely that again it would be a blend of something involving acquisition or some sort of return to shareholders. So again, it's going to be a blend over time. Its front loaded toward the acquisition, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
Operator: The next question will come from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Just a couple of quick ones to round it out for me anyway. Just in follow-up to Suneet, just to clarify, when we think about the $700 million of deployable capital for this year, is that including the expected common dividends?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry, John. What I would say is that the $700 million wouldn't necessarily be taking account of what we might expect to pay as the common dividend. As Terry said, we have the earnings during the year to sort of help guide us as to where we are with our capital position towards the end of the year so we didn't necessarily budget. Within the $700 million, we didn't necessarily budget an amount for any common stock dividend inside of that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Understood. I'm glad to hear that. It was my expectation that, that was over and above the dividend. And I think many on the street expected the same. So thanks for that. And then, just a quick question on the Florida mandate that was lost and maybe some similar things that we've been hearing. I'm curious and maybe a bit naive here but losing -- why would like a state of Florida choose to leave a mandate that has cost only 10 to 11 basis points. How much are they actually saving switching to a more "passive" strategy. Is there truly a cost savings involved there?
Larry Zimpleman: That's a great question. Jim, do you want to help him out?
James McCaughan: Yes, sure. In the large passive mandates like that in either equities or bonds will typically have fees of 2 or 3 basis points. So those are -- I mean it's a total scale business. You have to run a trillion dollars to have a real business there and there's only 2 or 3 players. I do believe though also in the case of some of the big state funds, there have been hedge [ph] teams running in. They would believe that their operating cost are down in the 2 or 3 basis points range.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I might wonder whether their belief is reality. Okay, and then just a question. I think Steven started going here and stopped that. But bank and trust, I think I heard the same thing from you, Terry, $2 million to $4 million as a quarterly run rate. Was that -- Did I hear that correctly? And what's the driver there and when do we expect that?
Terrance Lillis: Yes, John. This is Terry. Yes, you're absolutely right. We think that operating earnings as Steven asked about was in the $9 million range. The net income was around $7 million this quarter because of an improvement that we're seeing. But we think that net income number on a quarterly basis would be more in that $2 million to $4 million range. Earlier this year, we talked about it breaking even because of the HELOC portfolio but we've seen a lot of improvement in that portfolio as it winds down. So we think that the net income for bank and trust services over the next few quarters will be in that $2 million to $4 million range rather than break even.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. So that's not an operating earnings comment. Okay. And then just the last one for me really quick is just thinking about seasonality for FSA, I know so much in the world has changed relative to the way things used to look pre the financial crisis but historically, if we looked at your first quarter for your FSA business the seasonally strongest sales quarter, seasonally strongest flow quarter. Flows, I think as I looked back pre-crisis, were in the first quarter roughly 2x or maybe little bit more than that, the full year flows. I mean, should we expect that historical relationship or historical seasonality to persist from here? Is there some reason why it wouldn't?
Larry Zimpleman: I'll let Dan comment there.
Daniel Houston: Sure. I think, again as I cited earlier, John, that we're going to see some of the first quarter sales actually have rolled into second quarter sales. So again, I think it's going to be a little lighter at $2 billion than we historically would have seen. And then again, our view is today, it goes up into the right from here. But as long as we're on that topic, something worth at least mentioning in the call today, if you go back and look at just FSA sales on a trailing 12-month basis through the month of January, through 2011, that number is $6.91 billion. If you look at that same trailing month period of time through 1/31/10, that number was just short of $4 billion. We've seen a $3 billion increase on a trailing 12-month basis through those 2 January periods, which is a 76% increase during that time. So I don't think there's any question that the momentum continues. And again, with the increase in pipeline of roughly 30% and we're seeing improvement in close ratios and we did come out with a relatively strong, very strong Q4 of 2010 and a decent first quarter of 2011, we think the momentum is definitely in our favor at this point as it relates to FSA. And frankly, we're very excited about the latter half of 2011.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And just a point of clarification, the 30% growth in the pipeline, that's year-over-year, right?
Daniel Houston: It is.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I want to say thanks to everybody for joining us. We appreciate your continuing interest. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we really believe our businesses continue to gain momentum as the recovery continues and we're very focused on continuing our strategy. We think we have the right strategy and the right team to grow our business over time. We look forward to seeing many of you in our visits over the next quarter. Everybody have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, May 10, 2011. 54521548 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is (800) 642-1687 for U.S. and Canadian callers or (706) 645-9291 for international callers. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James McCaughan - Chief Executive Officer of Principal Global Investors and President of Global Asset Management Daniel Houston - President of Retirement, Insurance and Financial Services Larry Zimpleman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Director of Principal Life Terrance Lillis - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Julia Lawler - Chief Investment Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer of Principal Life Insurance Company and Senior Vice President of Principal Life Insurance Company Norman Sorensen - President of International Asset Management & Accumulation, Chief Executive Officer of Principal International Inc, President of Principal International Inc. and Senior Vice President of Principal Life John Egan - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc. Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Fourth Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail are available on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis, will deliver some prepared remarks. Then, we will open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, Retirement and Investor Services and U.S. Insurance Solutions; Jim McCaughan, Principal Global Investors; Norman Sorensen, Principal and Financial; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I would like to now turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning, I'll comment on three areas. First, I want to discuss fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. Second, I'll provide an update on our capital management plans. And finally, I'll talk about the longer-term opportunities of our strategy. Terry will then cover financial results in more detail following my comments. As we talked about at our Investor Day in December, we remain well positioned for the unprecedented opportunities for long-term growth, both in the U.S. and in key emerging international markets. We remain convinced that our strategies are the right ones to capitalize on these opportunities, and fourth quarter results validate that based on the continued signs of growth across our businesses. As to the fourth quarter, we are pleased with the operating earnings, given the accounting noise that Terry will discuss, and we see the same momentum in sales and flows as we mentioned on the last call.  Items of note for the quarter are: record total company assets under management of $319 billion, including record assets under management and record net cash flows for Principal International; record sales for Principal Funds and strong full service accumulation sales results, with good momentum heading into 2011; and double-digit earnings growth on a combined basis for our high-growth segments, Retirement and Investor Services accumulation businesses, Principal Global Investors and Principal International. These results come in spite of an economic recovery that remains challenged, especially for the small, medium business sector, with slow employment growth and constrained credit conditions. Our broad distribution footprint, best in class solutions and operational discipline have allowed us to return to something closer to a normal operating environment despite the economic challenges. I'd like to discuss full year results in more detail as they better highlight key trends, as well as indicators of what to expect going forward.  Let me first discuss the sales and growth metrics for 2010. First, as mentioned earlier, record total company assets under management of $319 billion, which gives us positive momentum heading into 2011. Full Service Accumulation sales of $6.6 billion, up 32% and net cash flow of $600 million against an industry still in outflow. Record mutual funds sales of $9.3 billion, up 21% from 2009, Principal International deposits of $25.8 billion helped generate record net cash flow of $4.7 billion, driving assets under management to a record $45.8 billion. Fee revenue for Principal Global Investors of $467 million, up 9% over 2009, with solid investment performance across all asset classes; individualized sales, up 21% over 2009, driven by an 81% increase in Life Insurance Solutions focused on the SMB and business-owner market. In short, we saw momentum building across the growth metrics for our businesses during 2010, with a strong finish in fourth quarter, giving us an optimistic tone as we move into 2011.  Next, let me discuss operating earnings results for our businesses in 2010. Total company operating earnings were $845 million, a 15% increase over 2009. This reflects the growth metrics beginning to come through, along with our continuing expense discipline, which creates operational leverage. Full service accumulation earnings of $301 million, up 19% over 2009. Mutual fund earnings of $40 million, up 70% over 2009. Record individual annuity operating earnings of $119 million, up 18% over 2009. Record earnings from Principal International of $137 million, up 15% over 2009 despite the negative impact of the reduced ownership in Brasilprev, our Brazilian joint venture as of June 2010; Principal Global Investors operating earnings of $59 million, up 53% over 2009; U.S. insurance solutions operating earnings of $194 million, down 5% from 2009, but continuing to provide solid diversification to our earnings streams. So as we look back at 2010 and think about how that positions us for 2011, we see a tightly integrated set of businesses. Our hybrid business model of asset management and risk products in U.S. and emerging international markets is performing well, as good momentum and exceptional long-term growth prospects even in an economy that continues to be challenged.  Now let me move on to capital management starting with our investment portfolio. Our portfolio performed well in 2010, with losses coming in lower than our beginning of the year expectations due to ongoing recovery in corporate credit and commercial real estate. Regarding CMBS, as we said at Investor Day, we expect delinquencies to continue to rise in 2011. However, our accounting processes require that we impair the securities whenever losses are anticipated, which is often 12 to 18 months before the actual bond losses occur. We monitor this portfolio closely and the losses continue to be within our expected range overall. We expect CMBS-related impairments to be approximately $25 million after tax lower in 2011 than 2010. In short, this is an improving picture.  Now let me touch on capital. As of year end, we have approximately $1.6 billion in excess capital, which we are defining as capital above that needed for our 350% risk-based capital ratio. As we mentioned in the last call, regulators continue to review capital standards and reserving methods coming out of the financial crisis, so we've been cautious in expressing a timeframe for deploying the excess capital. Just before year end, the NAIC released their capital requirements for CMBS portfolios using BlackRock's model. This change reduced excess capital by approximately $250 million in the short term. In the longer term, we continue to believe that our portfolio will perform to our expectations, and that our earnings and net income will remain strong. Therefore, we still expect to be able to deploy approximately $700 million of capital over the next 12 months for appropriate merger and acquisition and share buyback, while still retaining our desired capital cushion. We will be disciplined as we deploy this, as well as continue to keep our eyes open, looking for further accounting or regulatory changes that could have an impact.  Let me close by reiterating a few key points from our Investor Day, as well as discuss the longer-term opportunities that we continue to make good progress with. First, as we mentioned in Investor Day, we have taken a number of steps to further de-risk our businesses, including getting out of the CMBS securitization business, winding down our Medical business and reducing our Investment Only business. These decisions not only create a remaining set of transparent and integrated businesses, but they create meaningfully larger amounts of free cash flow and higher return on equity over time. With our current business profile, we expect that approximately 65% of operating earnings can be used for merger and acquisition or return to shareholders. And we remain confident in our ability to achieve 50 to 80 basis points improvement in overall company return on equity annually, growing to a return on equity above 15% over time. This is the power of our hybrid business model with purposeful diversification. 2010 was another year of good success in implementing our long-term global strategy, with an example being our entry into the mutual fund markets in Thailand and Indonesia.  The need for U.S. workers to save for their retirement is real, and the growth of a middle income class of investors in emerging markets over the next 25 years is undeniable. Thus, we see continuing growth and improved operating earnings from our key growth engines, Retirement and Investor Services Accumulation businesses, Principal International and Principal Global Investors, on a sustained basis for decades. This is the right strategy for long-term success, and the fact that we have had this strategy in place for over 10 years gives us a substantial lead over others who have now begun to focus on these opportunities. I'm proud of our effort and accomplishments in 2010, and I'm excited about the long-term value for shareholders that we are creating.  Before I turn the call over to Terry, I want to point out three nice recognitions for this quarter. The Principal was ranked number 159 on Newsweek's Green Rankings, an exclusive list of America's 500 largest companies assessed on their environmental impact and reputation among environmental experts. This is the second year the Principal has made the list. I'm very proud of this recognition of our sustainability efforts. As another example of our efforts, Principal Real Estate Investors continues to gain recognition as a leader in the development of green real estate. Additionally this quarter, Principal Global Investors became a signatory for the United Nations-backed Principal for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to considering the six principles of responsible investment related to environmental, social and corporate governance issues in the course of doing business. It is the Principal way to conduct business with integrity, so our signatory status is a natural extension of our core values, and further reflects our commitment to responsible global citizenship.  And finally, I want to mention the recognition that Principal funds received from Barron's over the weekend. Principal funds finished third in the rankings of Best Fund Families for 2010, and also finished as the seventh Best Fund Family for the past 10 years. These are powerful recognitions for Principal Funds, and are the result of their asset management discipline and retirement expertise. This recognition will provide even further momentum on top of the strong year that Principal Funds had in 2010. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks, Larry. This morning, I'll focus on operating earnings for the quarter and full year, including continued strong expense management, net income including continued solid performance in the investment portfolio, and the strength of our capital position and strong balance sheet as we enter 2011. We view the fourth quarter and full-year 2010 as a continuation of an improving picture that began earlier in 2010. We continue to see positive trends in our businesses and as Larry said, we're excited about the growth opportunities in 2011 and beyond. Starting with total company results, most notably for the year, we finished 2010 with a record assets under management. At $319 billion, our assets under management exceed our pre-crisis high, through positive net cash flows despite volatile investment performance. Total company earnings improved 15% to $845 million for 2010, on 14% higher average assets under management. There were a number of items influencing comparability between the full year periods. Some of the bigger items include the reduced economic interest in our Brasilprev joint venture as of June 1, the scale back of our Investment Only business, and the impact of the equity markets on deferred acquisition cost amortization expense, and the assumption changes on net GAAP reserves.  On an adjusted basis, full-year earnings were up 27% on a 14% increase in average assets under management compared to 2009, a very solid result, reflecting strong operational leverage. Fourth quarter 2010 operating earnings were up 5% to $214 million or $0.66 per share compared to a year ago. This result was negatively impacted by $0.04 due to an increase in net reserves in individual life, following a periodic long-term interest rate assumption review. Adjusting for this item, the run rate of earnings for the quarter is $0.70. DAC amortization expense benefited from the favorable equity markets during the quarter, but these benefits were offset by the impact of lower future fees in our Mexican Pension business.  Now let me discuss the business units results. Retirement and Investor Services earnings were up 21% in the fourth quarter, and 14% for the full year 2010 compared to their respective periods of 2009. Full year 2009 results benefited from $17 million in additional after-tax fee income from the opportunistic early settlement of Investment Only liabilities. Adjusting for this, operating earnings for 2010 are up 18% on 10% higher average account values, again reflecting strong expense management. The Accumulation businesses had a record account values of $160 billion at year end. Full Service Accumulation's fourth quarter 2010 operating earnings are up 13% from a year-ago quarter on a 10% increase in average account values.  Sales in the fourth quarter were very strong at $3.2 billion, which put total Full Service Accumulation sales for the year at $6.6 billion, a 32% increase over prior year. As Larry mentioned earlier, we ended the year with positive net cash flows of $600 million compared to the negative cash flows projected for the industry by Cerulli. In the fourth quarter, we satisfied all the withdrawal requests in the Principal U.S. Property Separate Account, causing our plan count to decline by more than 1,400.  In addition, there were several economic factors contributing to the negative plan count trend, as we've seen over the last two years. The economic pressures that small to medium-size businesses are facing play a big part in the overall decline. We saw 50% fewer startups, which is consistent with the industry, and 20% higher planned terminations, as employers eliminate their retirement plans. We continue to maintain pricing discipline to protect margins, and we have taken additional steps over the last several quarters to offset this negative trend in plan count, including enhanced internal processes to better identify, predict and retain at-risk clients, and intensified focus on unbundled solutions through third-party administrator distribution platforms to attract and retain business. This complements our Total Retirement Suite bundled solution, and choice pricing rollout, allowing clients the ability to tailor service models and pricing to better meet their unique needs. And though overall plan count is down, Full Service Accumulation average account values, which drives revenue growth, is up 16% over 2009.  Principal Funds continues to demonstrate its strong growth potential. Operating earnings in the fourth quarter were up 24% to $11 million on a 15% increase in average account values. Principal Funds also delivered record sales of $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter and a record $1.6 billion in net cash flow for the year, helping drive account values to $36 billion at year end. We continue to see success through all of our distribution channels in a broad array of fund offerings. Individual annuity earnings were up [ph] $33 million for the fourth quarter, up 37% compared to the year-ago quarter on 7% higher average account values. This primarily reflects strong investment income performance in the quarter, including higher asset prepayment fee income.  Earnings from Principal Global Investors improved 51% for the quarter to $19 million and 53% for the full year to $59 million compared to the respective periods in 2009. The improvement reflects higher average assets under management, strong expense management and an increase in transaction fees, which continue to trend up. Solid investment performance resulted in higher performance fees as well. Principal Global Investors lost a long-only sector equity mandate of $1.3 billion, contributing to unaffiliated outflows of $900 million for the fourth quarter. This was offset by more than $900 million in new real estate mandates in the quarter. Though we were disappointed in the loss, the fees from the mandate were low. Since new inflows to real estate and international equities are on a much higher fees, we saw increased revenue from fourth quarter flows.  Investment performance continues to be good. More than 90% of our asset allocation options rank in the top half of their peer group on a one-year basis. We continue to be optimistic as we look into 2011, and see increased searches in specialized investment options where we have expertise, such as real estate, currency, high yield and international equities.  Moving to Principal International, operating earnings were down 22% to $31 million for the quarter and up 15% to a record $137 million for the year compared to their respective periods in 2009. Fourth quarter and full year 2009 results include higher economic interest in our Brazilian joint venture, Brasilprev. Fourth quarter 2010 results were also reduced by the impact of DAC amortization adjustments for lower future fees in our Mexican Pension business. Adjusting for these items, inflation in Latin America and foreign exchange, operating earnings were up 18% this quarter over a year-ago quarter. Principal International finished the year with a record reported assets under management of $46 billion, up $11 billion or 32% from year end 2009 on record net cash flow of $4.7 billion for the full year. A reminder, that our assets under management of our Chinese asset management joint venture were up 15% during 2010 to $6.9 billion, and are not included in the reported assets under management.  Our partnership with Banco do Brasil continues to prosper, as we see growth in assets under management and cash flows in this business in excess of 35% annually. U.S. Insurance Solution operating earnings decreased 7% to $52 million for the quarter, and were down 5% to $194 million for the year compared to their respective periods in 2009. Individual life had operating earnings of $22 million compared to $31 million in the year-ago quarter. The shortfall primarily reflects a one-time increase in net reserves, following a periodic long-term interest rate assumption review. Other impacts, such as a strong equity market performance, offset some of the decline. On a combined basis, run rate earnings were reduced by $11 million after tax. The run rate for individual life operating earnings remains at $30 million to $32 million per quarter.  Turning to Specialty Benefits, operating earnings were $30 million for the fourth quarter 2010 compared to $26 million in the prior-year quarter. This increase was largely due to better claims experience and improved investment income. Overall, sales were good for the quarter, up 50% over the year-ago quarter, due to increases across all products, particularly in the group lines, which faced intense headwinds in the fourth quarter of 2009. We saw growth in membership, particularly in the second half of the year, with in group membership up in the fourth quarter for the first time since first quarter 2008, and overall membership up for the second straight quarter.  Premium and fees also grew for the third straight quarter. The Corporate segment had operating losses of $39 million in the fourth quarter compared to a loss of $30 million in the year-ago quarter. As a reminder, corporate expenses include corporate debt, preferred stock dividends and overhead previously allocated to the Health division. As we manage down corporate overhead expenses over the next 12 to 18 months, we anticipate the corporate operating losses to decrease over time. We expect full year 2011 operating losses for the Corporate segment to be approximately $120 million. Total company net income was up 40% this quarter to $199 million, and up 13% to $666 million for the year compared to their respective periods in 2009. After tax net realized capital losses continue to trend lower at $37 million in fourth quarter compared to $59 million in the year-ago quarter. We continue to see a pattern of improvement in credit-related losses. We also continue to see sequential improvement in commercial mortgage whole loan losses, while CMBS losses continue to be manageable. Our investment portfolio performance continues to reflect the benefit of broad asset diversification.  Quickly looking at other financial metrics, book value per share, excluding AOCI, ended the quarter at a record $27.82, up 6% from a year-ago quarter. At $900 million in net unrealized capital gains, we were up $2.3 billion from fourth quarter 2009, and down $600 million from last quarter. During the quarter, we had $600 million gain due to the tightening of credit spreads, offset by $1.2 billion of losses from the impact of rising interest rates. Let me remind you that the change in net unrealized gain or loss due to interest rate movement does not have an economic impact because of our strong asset liability management. Additionally, our debt to capital ratio is 15%. The strength of our balance sheet reflects the ongoing improvement in credit markets as the U.S. economy rebuilds.  Moving to capital adequacy, as of quarter end, we estimate our risk-based capital ratio to be 420%, relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $1.6 billion of total excess capital, split roughly even between the life company and the holding company. Total excess capital in the quarter was impacted by our dividend payout and the NAIC year end review of CMBS portfolios. The year-end RBC ratio was negatively impacted by approximately 25 points due to this change. Our moderate risk scenario reflects the improvement in the CMBS market, and our expected losses have actually improved. However, the negative impact of the RBC ratio is one of the reasons we are committed to holding a higher component of excess capital as cushion to absorb some of these capital changes. We have a very strong enterprise risk management framework, and are focused on the future as we examine potential regulatory and accounting proposals.  As we said at Investor Day, even with our additional capital cushion, we still plan to deploy approximately $700 million of capital over the next 12 months for appropriate M&A and share buybacks. Our hybrid business model gives us the opportunity to continue to generate deployable free cash flow throughout the year. All four of the rating agencies now have the life insurance industry on stable outlook. With improving market fundamentals, a business model that requires less capital to support organic growth and our ability to generate free cash flow, we have enhanced our ability to increase shareholder value overtime through strategic capital redeployment. We're excited about the financial flexibility our balance sheet gives us in 2011 and beyond. We are very pleased with the results in 2010. While many of the challenges of the slow economic recovery persist, we are building momentum and are excited about the increasing signs of growth in our businesses. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I have two questions for you. Terry, just following up on the comment on the $700 million of capital deployment, just want to clarify that that's in addition to common dividends and interest expense on your debt, so that we should be thinking about that as true return of capital?
Terrance Lillis: Yes, John, this is Terry. Yes, you're absolutely right. That's an addition.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And then I was hoping we could just get an update on the pipeline when you're thinking about the Full Service Accumulation, maybe you can throw Principal Global and Principal International into that as well. And specifically, I guess I'm interested in your views on first quarter sales outlook in FSA. Historically, that's been seasonally your best sales quarter, and I'm just wondering, given the strength of fourth quarter 2010 sales, whether that pulled something forward.
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. What I think, if it's okay, is have Dan comment a little bit on his thoughts relative to FSA, and have Norman talk just a minute about PI, and have Jim talk just a minute about PGI. So well start with Dan.
Daniel Houston: Yes, John, good momentum leaving Q4 going into Q1. If we just look at that created pipeline, which we've talked about in previous calls, at the end of 2010, that number's up about 20% from where it was the previous year. So again, we've got a lot of good opportunities, and our close rate continues to tick up in Q4, and leads us right into, hopefully, a very strong first quarter of 2011. ESOPs and Defined Benefits seem to be coming back in terms of being part of our discussions with our Total Retirement Solutions products. And again, those were two products that were pretty flat over the course of 2010.
Norman Sorensen: With January behind us, the January sales in the company were very, very strong. Brazil, for example, doubled sales in January from January of 2009. Asia is pulling together as well. Our deposits and net cash flows are increasing as they were in the fourth quarter. So we estimate a fairly, fairly interesting first quarter.
James McCaughan: On the institutional market, we're seeing very good demand and a lot of conversations about real estate, about U.S. commercial real estate, about international equities. The investors are much less keen on U.S. equities, and there are very good allocations to international equities, particularly emerging. We're seeing interest in our currency product and in some of the high yield products, notably high yield and preferred securities. So the demand is moving towards the higher asset value specialty products. I don't want to deduce from one quarter, where we lost that one large mandate on a very low fee, but it looks to us as if many investors, many institutional investors are cutting out these large lower added value businesses, and going for the specialty high added value mandates, which actually suits us with our multi-boutique strategy.
Operator: The next question will come from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: On the excess capital deterioration that you saw this quarter, in particular, the hit from the BlackRock modeling of required capital, what was it about your holdings that drove such large charge? We haven't seen similar hits at other companies, so perhaps, you can provide some additional color there. Also with the $700 million of capital in that [ph] flow, M&A and buybacks this year, if you don't find any M&A opportunities, should we expect the full $700 million to be applied to buybacks? And perhaps, you can discuss the likely timing as to when you'd likely start your buyback program. Is there anything in particular that's leading you to hold back from buying back currently?
Larry Zimpleman: Nigel, I'll maybe take the first one, and then kick it over to Julia to talk a little about the BlackRock modeling. Certainly, as we have said, we think there's somewhere around $700 million over the next 12 months that's deployable relative to M&A and/or return to -- and/or do share buybacks. Having said that, we also commented that we're a little bit cautious relative to what seems to be an ongoing parade, sort of capital regulatory and accounting changes. And we certainly seen this in the banking sector, and we started to see it in the insurance sector, albeit there's a bit less of it than there has been. So I think that common sense would indicate that while I think some level of usage of that $700 million could start in the first half of the year, I also think it's likely that we'll want to be slightly cautious and conservative. So we certainly wouldn't plan to have all of that or necessarily even the majority of that in the first half of the year. It's likely to be more towards the back half as hopefully the economic picture improves. And I'll have Julia talk a bit about why our portfolio was impacted a little bit more.
Julia Lawler: The BlackRock model tended to impact the originally rated AA and A tranches of the CMBS CUSIP. So basically, they have some severe scenarios that took cumulative losses up through those AA originally rated bonds. Now if you had more AAs and As going into this, it would impact your portfolio more and we did. Those bonds, however, under other rating scenarios are currently still rated anywhere from BBB to BB, so other rating agencies, including ourselves, are not rating them as severely as this model is.
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. I'd make two additional comments. One is that as Julia said, the BlackRock scenarios are fairly draconian. So, for example, they still have about a 25% probability and the range of scenarios, they still attach about 25% probability that we'll actually see a second double dip as it relates to commercial real estate. And I think most folks would say that's becoming increasingly less likely. The other point I would just make on this is that, that is a snapshot as of 12/31, and we've already started to see some of the pricing in the marketplace improve fairly substantially on those securities. So again, we've seen quite a rally already. Whether that holds and over what period of time that 250 comes back is yet to be determined. But just recognize that sort of in our view that 250 is likely to come back over time.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Larry, you mentioned the deposits, obviously, they are pretty strong. But I want to see if you could talk about the draws in both the FSA and Asset Management businesses increasing this quarter, and what's really driving that? Whether that's from competition, and also what caused the loss of the large account you mentioned in PGI? And then secondly, longer term, do you see an impact on your business from a few of the changing rules in the 401(k) market like higher fee disclosure or the new fiduciary standard for distributors?
Larry Zimpleman: Let me just sort of set the context and then we can have Dan talk for just a minute about the FSA withdrawals, as well as the regulatory changes, and Jim can address PGI. But as we have seen in prior quarters, when the S&P is up substantially during the quarter, it always tends to put pressure on net cash flows. And just as a reminder, we saw the S&P up 10% in the third quarter, and we saw the S&P up 12% in the fourth quarter. So the nature of that where contract withdrawals tend to be processed toward the end of the quarter, if not, on the actual end of the quarter date, you'll get the full reflection of that on the payout side, and you don't necessarily have that on the deposit side. So just kind of understanding that in periods when the market is up substantially, it will pinch net cash flow and obviously, the reverse when the market goes the other way. Having said that, we don't think there's a systemic problem in FSA. I'll let Dan talk a little more about that, and then we'll shift to Jim for the PGI question.
Daniel Houston: Jimmy, a couple of quick comments. When we look at those withdrawals, we've dug into the gory details, and it's around our emerging and dynamic segments. It's not our Institutional division. We've identified specific clients, and some of it is a little bit of a hangover from ERISA Q, with both the advisor communities, as well as with some of those clients. We've also been very aggressive rolling out our TPA solution for those clients who want local Third-party Administrative services. And then if you take it down in more level of detail, you'll find out that there were a couple of Defined Benefit cases that had terminated, and one ESOP that flat out, went out of the existence, and those three cases were fairly significant impact on the withdrawals. As it relates to your question on fee disclosure and fiduciary standards, we're on it, and we've been in active conversations in the debate with the Department of Labor. As you know, this summer, there'll be a disclosure requirements for plan sponsors. That's still frankly in flex, and no final decisions are yet made. And then the participant piece comes at year end. We are fully prepared to do that. We're making the necessary systems adjustments. It does level the playing field. There's no one that's going to be held out as uncompetitive. And I would tell you, given the fact we've got our group annuity contract, as well as our registered product, we probably have as much flexibility as any 401(k) provider out there, and I would also pile on top of that to say, as you know, about 65% of our business is Total Retirement Solutions. So it really is a more consultative discussion around their DB, their DC, their not qualified, and their ESOP. The other issue that's open right now is around fiduciary standard. Today, we do help our plan sponsors in giving them choices for their investment options. The question becomes, will they have to be more self served on that score, and work more closely with their advisor, and their advisor becomes, in fact, the fiduciary to the plan, and the helping , the picking and the choosing of those investment options. And again, I would tell you that we have active conversations going on in Washington to debate the merits, and the extent by which these fiduciary standards are going to be levied across 401(k) service providers.
James McCaughan: Jimmy, on the $1.3 billion lost mandate, that was a broad sector exposure for one of the world's top 10 investors. It had been in place for about four or five years. It had performed in accordance with what they wanted. They were happy. But they decided to move away from that sector in terms of a broad exposure. As far as we're concerned, it was only on a 15 basis point fee, as befits such a very large mandate. It's one of those interesting things in the Institutional business. Institutional asset managers tend to have, on average, something like 40 to 45 basis points of their average fee. What we're seeing with the changing mix of business quite a lot of range around that. And obviously, a 15 basis point fee even in over $1 billion is a lot less attractive than the type of business move that Terry referred to in real estate and international equities, where the typical fees are more like 50, 60, 70 basis points. It's that change of mix, modest change of mix which is why the flows in the quarter, even though they saw a capital outflow, actually saw incremental revenue so far as we're concerned. And I think that looking forward, obviously, we don't want to lose assets. We want to gain assets too, but it's more important that we gain revenues.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In the $0.70 run rate number that you mentioned for earnings, you didn't indicate anything being abnormal in the Group Benefits business. So I was just wondering if the $30.2 million that you reported in that in the Specialty Benefits segment, is that a normal run rate we should expect going forward, or it seems like the benefits ratio was the best that it's been since middle of '06 or something.
Terrance Lillis: Jimmy, this is Terry. You're absolutely right. I think the $0.70 run rate is an appropriate rate for this quarter. The only item that we really called out was the increase in the life reserve, and that was about a $0.04 from the reported basis. The other items kind of offset each other. But on the Group business, you're absolutely right. The fourth quarter was a better quarter, and there's typically a little bit of seasonality associated with that, the fourth quarter being the best quarter. First quarter might have little bit higher general claims, but I think that's an appropriate run rate for this quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a couple of follow-ups on the excess capital questions. I guess just back to the BlackRock study, I appreciate all the commentary so far, but is that kind of the final answer from BlackRock and the NAIC, or is this still something that can be debated since it's a relatively new test?
Larry Zimpleman: It's Larry again. I would say that this is -- it's sort of like the baseball games. So we just played the first inning and again, we had known that this was coming. We didn't know what it was going to mean, again, until sort of late December. And while they had done some sort of preliminary interaction, if you will, with the companies, it was very, very late before they finally said, "Okay, so here are the scenarios, and here's how you apply them." I do think that there will be more iterations of this. So there again, just like the baseball game, there will be more innings, and it will change a little bit overtime, but let me have Julia comment a little further.
Julia Lawler: I think, Randy, that for 2010, it's likely that that's the results we're going to see, but we continue to be in communication with the NAIC on our views around more transparency around the scenarios, the impacts to certain CUSIPs, et cetera. So I do believe we're going to have a lot more communication going for 2011, and the impact for 2011. It's going to be more positive.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then just hitting excess capital on another direction with FSOC, just wondering since we last discussed that the Investor Day in December, if there's anything substantive that came out of the first round of documents out from FSOC. We found them to be pretty inconclusive, but wondering if you got anything there or the NYU study that came out that might affect your excess capital thoughts, specifically, quantitatively.
Larry Zimpleman: It is one of the things that we do have our eye on, so maybe just to make a couple of comments around FSOC. As you know, they have begun a rule-making process to further flesh out what would be so-called systemically important financial institutions. And they've mentioned that, I think, there are approximately six criteria that they use in that determination. There has been also been the NYU study that was done. And I think out of sort of 10 names that were in there, there was about four -- there were insurance companies. We've began an active dialogue on two fronts, not to take you through all the gory details, but one is to begin or to at least consider how we can have more interaction with sort of the folks at NYU, since it appears that they're working under some arrangement with FSOC, to have more dialogue with them, to sort of explain methodologies that we think make more sense. That would be one point. The second point would be that as it sits right now, I think there's something like 13 members under Dodd-Frank on FSOC, and three of those, if you will, are allocated to the insurance side of the business. Unfortunately, today, only one of those three is actually named and in the seat, and actually taking part in the discussions. Two of those have not yet been filled, and so we're also working hard to make sure that we get those two seats filled, so that the discussion going forward can actually involve a greater level of expertise from the insurance industry relative to what systematically important really means. So again, a lot more to come. It is one of the reasons we're a little bit cautious. We're not only just watching it very carefully, but we're very, very fully engaged in that discussion, and we're going to do everything we can along with the industry to guide that going forward.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I guess the bottom line is though, I think, as investors, we should all plan to think of you as being included in FSOC, is that fair, just to be conservative?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, I wouldn't draw that conclusion just yet. I think, again, what it comes down to is this elusive concept of interconnectedness. I think that is of the criteria that FSOC laid out. I think it is the interconnectedness one that will probably be the one criteria that's going to be more significant than others. And I think if you think about just generally speaking across financial services, where does there tend to be more interconnectedness? I think that ends up being more in the banking industry, and in some of the Wall Street securities firms, I think, tend to have much higher levels of interconnectedness than the insurance industry. So that would be my feeling at this point.
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: I do have a question though with regards to unbundling. As long as I've been covering the company, the story here has been, really, Total Retirement Solutions, TRS, and there seemed to be less of that, at least, in the prepared remarks, more about unbundling. I was wondering if you were seeing some type of sea change in the business?
Larry Zimpleman: My kind of overview on that would be is that if you think about TRS, what TRS does is, of course, it creates a stickier model, but what TRS does is it drives assets. TRS tends to be a concept that has more appeal across the sort of middle size and larger-sized clients. So we have profile, and continue to talk about TRS. And again in the fourth quarter, I think 69% of our sales, that $3.1 billion, were on TRS. So what TRS does is it drives assets. The reason you've heard us talk a little more recently about some of the activities around TPA, and unbundling is because that has more implications relative to case count. So as people have talked about case count and what you're doing around case count, part of the answer to that has been the TPA. So it's a little bit of a question of for what metric are you talking about. So that's sort of my take, and I'll let Dan comment further.
Daniel Houston: The other item I might add is that they're not mutually exclusive. Our TRS clients could either be a bundled solution or through one of our Third-Party Administrative partners. And so, again, that's a pretty powerful tool if I'm a local TPA, and I have the benefit of tapping into the Principal Financial Groups, TRS way of doing business, not only for record-keeping but for administration, employee communications and the like. So again, probably my fault for not having been more clear in the past on that score.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Just a quick one for Jim McCaughan performance fees, at least, relative to how I model. Fees of PGI looked a little bit short. I was wondering if that was on the performance fee side, maybe Jim can talk about how they did it?
James McCaughan: I'm not sure how you're modeling them, Steven, but we have a fairly modest amount right now of performance fees on an annual basis. If you went back over the last five years, there was one, quite large one, in real estate three years ago. That one though is on a five-year cycle. So there won't be anything on that one in 2010 or in 2011. And also, remember two or three years ago, there was a pretty big performance fee on the post-hedge fund business, but we sold that business to management. So there will be performance fees going forward, but I think not the sort of big hits that we got twice in the last five years.
Operator: The next question will come from Colin Devine with Citigroup.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: Just a couple of points to clarify. First on the reserve addition, what type of life liabilities were those again, if it was a deal close box as to the value you wrote[ph], I figure just to clarify that first. Second, with respect to M&A, I just wanted to be sure. Is it still the most likely scenario something in Jim's area and perhaps, you must got by ways out there, shopping for as opposed to something in the 401(k) space? And then lastly for Dan, it is great to see transfer deposits up as dramatically as they were, but it also looks like withdrawals are up fairly significantly too and perhaps, you could just give us a bit more color. I've seen transfer withdrawals, as well, is behind that. Does that reflect increased competition or just planned terminations, just a bit more as to what's going on?
Larry Zimpleman: I'll just take the first one in terms of reserve addition. That increase in GAAP reserve was attributable, primarily, to UL with secondary guarantee policies. So that would be what that was on. In terms of M&A broadly, what I would say is that our priority remains international, and asset management is our sort of initial area, with also some focus around the retirement space. And maybe I'll ask Norman to comment briefly, as well as Jim sort of on their thoughts within those sectors.
Norman Sorensen: This is Norman, Colin. There are a number of properties that have become available at some of these large banking institutions go back to their core businesses, which is basically taking deposits in commercial banking. So we're looking at some of those, both in Latin America and Asia, as well as some potentially attractive mutual fund acquisitions, relatively small, but potentially attractive to bundle on to our operations there.
James McCaughan: And on the asset management side, Colin, our main aim here is to find further boutique asset managers that would benefit from being part of our multi-boutique structure. We have quite a good track record of adding such boutiques. And what we're looking for there is attractive products, which will be useful to our clients or alternately capacity in areas that are capacity constrained. So what that tends to mean is international, both equity and bonds, with a bias towards finding something in emerging markets. Those are really the things we're looking at most intensely. And it's a while since we've done a boutique asset manager, but I would remind you that we really want to see the culture, the product, the distribution appetite aligned. And we don't want to force it for the sake of it, but I'll be disappointed if we don't find some nice boutiques that are attractive to our clients, and where we can partner with very effectively sometime in the next year or so.
Larry Zimpleman: And I'll have Dan talk just quickly about transfer.
Daniel Houston: Well, In particular on the...
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: In lower withdrawals as to low...
Daniel Houston: Yes, right. So on the withdrawals, they're not unlike not what I had just mentioned, Colin. We do think this is an emerging and dynamic issue. We washed out the 1,400 ERISA accounts that would impact not only the case count, but impacted withdrawals as well. We've looked closely at it. We do not feel we've got a systemic issue. The competition's out there, but a number of things that we're doing to address competition. One is to be more aggressive in rolling out that TPA strategy. If we look at assets retained and new business with our TPA strategy in 2010, that number was $900 million. That's a significant increase from where it's been in the past. We've also designed a model to go out there and look at where some of these clients are at risk, and working with the advisers more closely to try to anticipate if they might move. I will tell you that the significant improvement that we've seen in our investment performance, that Jim's manufacturing for us, is also helping us go out, make a very strong argument that the proprietary in the boutique investment strategies that we have here in Principal are viable. And what probably gives me some confidence around the stemming of the tide on these withdrawals is just the sheer strength that we have right now going into Q1 on sales. If you looked at Q4, you had a twelve alliance firms that have more than $100 million in sales compared to $7 million in 2009. And if you also look closely, you'll find that we've been able to hold up our margins fairly well. So we are losing perhaps some of the lower margin, non-TRS, small 401(k) account balances. And that's something we'll just have to continue to adjust our model to reflect. Hopefully, that helps, Colin.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: Just to draw into that, just so we're clear on sort of our run rate here. The 1,400 ERISA cases you mentioned left, how much did they represent in withdrawals? I assume that's sort of a one-time thing, and you sort of, I guess, backed that out as the $5.3 billion to get a sense of what's going on?
Larry Zimpleman: It's not a meaningful number, Colin. I don't have the total of it. But it's not a meaningful number. These average balances of that point were down to a fairly de minimis amount.
Terrance Lillis: The average is about $50,000 for each one of those accounts.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: The 5.3, then is the real number?
Terrance Lillis: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc.: I just want to ask a question that you haven't talked about a little bit for a while, and that relates to, again, the withdrawals in the FSA business. But in the past, you've talked about as employees leave employment, and either retire or move to another employer, they have taken their assets, and you've been able to retain somewhere around 50% to 60% of those. Can you just give us an update, and if you can tell us if there's anything related to that, that might be impacting this withdrawal situation?
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. What we are talking about here, what we've been talking about here, the last couple of questions around withdrawals, is essentially, and again to your point, we need to be, perhaps, more specific but these have been -- what we've been talking about have been what we call contract withdrawals. So those are situations, where an employer in association with their advisor decides to move a plan from Principal to, and then pick your other provider, much as we get plans coming the other way from Fidelity to Principal or from T.Rowe to principal or whatever happens to be. So we're discussing sort of these contract plan-to-plan kinds of transfers. To your point on participant withdrawals, participant withdrawals, we continue to see about 50% to 52% retention of those participants withdrawals, and that trend has stayed very, very consistent quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year, and there's been certainly no deterioration in that. So again, this increase, which I will argue is still primarily associated one with ERISA Q; two, with the strong equity market performance, which tends to push net cash flow. But again, these are contract withdrawals more in the smaller and sort of mid-sized plan count areas.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc.: This is a follow-up. I did hear you say that plan terminations were up 20%. I understand the difference between plan terminations and contract terminations, and that new plan formation was down 50%. I'm just looking at the overall flow trends, and you had net negative flows in both of the prior two quarters and I would've expected, given the strong sales results that net flows would've been significantly better. Is this something that we need to just look a little -- I mean, I understand Dan have scrubbed these numbers, but I'm just wondering if there's something else that we need to be considering here?
Larry Zimpleman: Again, it's relatively straightforward, and we're happy to sort of take it off-line and go into more detail. The nature again of the new sales, so that $3.1 billion sales number, Joanne, is that generally and again this won't hold in every quarter, but generally, only about 65% of that sales number actually shows up as dollars in the quarter, in which it's counted as a sale. So the other 35% will come in over succeeding quarters. So again, when you think about net cash flow, it's not that every dollar of sales is a dollar that will show up on your doorstep that particular quarter. But we're happy to sit down with you in more detail, and kind of walk down the sequencing of how that works.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc.: Just one other question for Jim, I just like a little bit more color when you're talking about the low fee business, and how unattractive it has become to your clients. Can you just expand on that a little bit? I'm just wondering if we're going to see this wholesale across the industry as we go forward?
James McCaughan: I think the answer is possibly. We're seeing quite a lot of investment institutions with large mandates, for example, in core equities or in the case of the one we lost last quarter, sector equities. And they're moving to essentially passive exposures to the sector. And that is affecting those who, for example, manage a lot of large mandates in U.S. equities. And I think that probably will continue, because you're seeing long-term relatively limited added value for most managers in those types of mandates. And of course, that won't help us, because we're not offering passive management in the institutional market. Having said that, it's kind of a core satellite thing. The more they put into these larger more passive or enhanced index mandates, the more appetite they have for the higher added value mandates, which range through international equities and real estate and some of the high-yielding sectors that we're very good at. So it would tend to be negative to us if it continues, which it might. It would tend to be negative for us in terms of the asset count. But it should actually ultimately be quite positive on the revenues, given that we have a strong focus on those satellite or high added-value mandates.
Operator: The next question will come from Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: I had a question on FSA. We've talked about the sales and the transfer deposits and the withdrawals. But on the recurring deposits as a percent of beginning assets, they were much lower than trend. Typically, it's around 12% to 13%, annualized. It was 11% this quarter. I was wondering what was the cause for that? And then also on the ROA, it seemed a little under pressure this quarter, and I was wondering what gets us back to the 30% to 32% set target?
Larry Zimpleman: I'll let Dan cover that. On the ROA, again, Darin, I would not want to drive too many conclusions when you're going to annualize one quarter. I think if you actually annualize it, it's 29% as compared to 30% to 32%, and I would argue that's well within the bounds of just statistical fluctuation, but I'll have Dan talk about your first question.
Daniel Houston: Those recurring deposits were down about 9% or $300 million couple, and it really falls into a couple different categories. One is that we saw strong improvement in the equity markets, and had bump up in interest rates, which reduced some of the Defined Benefit funding that would've otherwise had come in for Q4. There was a little bit of noise, just lumpiness from one quarter to the next throughout 2010 on reoccurring deposits, and we had some true-ups there. But if you were to just focus on the real drivers to reoccurring deposits, the good news is that both in the case of deferrals and in the case of match, they were both positive and upward. And so again, I think that in large part, as we see the economy continue to improve, we start seeing salary increases, we start seeing reinstituted matches, we see profiteering contributions. Perhaps, in the first quarter of 2010, we'll see these reoccurring deposits turn around again. Of the things we worry about, we think we've got this one calibrated quite well.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just one on international there, can you talk a little bit about what happened with the Mexican business and the DAC unlock and to what degree that affects go-forward earnings?
Norman Sorensen: Sure, basically, every year, all the companies in Mexico, the pension companies in Mexico, Darin, go through a process of discussion with the regulator. And the regulator tries to level these fees on an industry-wide basis. Our negotiations, our discussions with the regulator were successful but it resulted in a drop in the average fee that we charge our customers there. So we took a hit on DAC, anticipating these future fees coming down a little bit.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Does that have an effect on the go-forward earnings to any degree?
Norman Sorensen: Well, it does, obviously, about $2 million a quarter early[ph] until the growth picks up, but we anticipate for probably the next two or three quarters, about $2 million after tax per quarter.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman: In closing, I just want to say thanks to all of you for joining us, and your continuing interest in Principal. I actually want to close today by saying a few words about someone who's been an important part of our company for 34 years, and that's Ellen Lamale, our Chief Risk Officer, who'll be retiring in March as we announced earlier. Ellen's had a tremendous impact on this company throughout her career, but especially during the last few years of the financial crisis. So I just want to say thanks, Ellen, for all you've done to contribute to Principal's success, and give you best wishes in this exciting new phase of your life called retirement. We look forward to seeing many of you in the months ahead. Hope you all have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. [Operator Instructions]Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Egan  VP, IR Larry Zimpleman  CEO Terrance Lillis  CFO Daniel Houston  U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance Norman Sorensen  International Asset Management and Accumulation Julia Lawler  Chief Investment Officer Jim McCaughan  Global Asset Management
Analysts:  Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch Colin Devine  Citigroup Inc Mark Finkelstein  Macquarie Research 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Principal Financial Groups Quarterly Conference Call. As always, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman and CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then well open up the call for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance; Jim McCaughan, Global Asset Management; Norman Sorensen, International Asset Management and Accumulation; and Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now Id like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, John, and welcome to everyone on the call. In my prepared remarks, Id like to briefly discuss the results for second quarter in 2010 to date, discuss the ongoing implementation of our global strategy and close with a few comments about the future. Terry, will cover the results in more detail following my comments. Lets start with second quarter results. In view of the slowdown in economic growth and negative returns for the equity market in second quarter, we view the operating results of $204 million or $0.63 per share as solid. If you adjust results for both the second quarter 2010 and 2009, for DAC amortization true-ups associated with equity market returns, we see second quarter 2010 results of $215 million against second quarter 2009 results of $186 million, an increase of 16%. Looking at the results for our growth engines, Principal International, Principal Global Investors, and Principal Funds all had reported double digit earnings growth, improving 33% on a combined basis. If you adjust the performance of full service accumulation or the impact of equity market true-ups on DAC amortization, you see operating earnings up 21%. In terms of other financial metrics, book value per share including AOCI ended the quarter at $26.23 up 4.6% from last quarter and up 62% from a year ago. We also moved in to a net unrealized capital gain position as of June 30th, from a $4.8 billion net unrealized capital loss position a year ago. This improvement in financial metrics reflects the ongoing improvement in credit markets as the economy recovers. It also demonstrates the value of our strong asset liability management, the quality and diversification of our investment portfolio and our liquidity management. All of which allows us to weather even extended periods of market stress and dislocation. As we have said before, it is difficult to draw conclusions in business trends from a single quarter. But in general, we view sales and deposits as an improving picture with results being more mixed for net cash flows. Second quarter, again, demonstrated the importance of our international businesses as Principal International generated a record $1.5 billion in net cash flows in second quarter, bringing their 12-month total to a record $3.4 billion or 12% of beginning of period assets. Principal Funds and individual annuities also delivered positive flows for the quarter of approximately $130 million each, thanks to solid sales. Full service accumulation has negative flows of $330 million for second quarter. This reflects the seasonality of sales with lower transfer deposits usually in the second quarter and the loss of a larger case based primarily on price. Importantly, we are seeing a steady increase in sales pipeline. Sales activity, which was $918 million for the quarter up 27% and recurring deposits, which were up 1% over second quarter 2009. This is the first increased in recurring deposits in seven quarters. Full service accumulation net cash flow remains positive through six months and we expect flows to be positive for the full year against an industry projected by Siruly [ph] to be an outflow in 2010. Other positive indicators besides pipeline or their close rates continue to improve and proprietary investment performance results are solid. We expect full year 2010 full service accumulation sales to come in about 15 to 20% higher than 2009 due to our alliance distribution efforts and the competitiveness of our Total Retirement Sweep Platform, an operating margin for full service accumulation remains steady and in line with our expectations. Principal Global Investors had unaffiliated or third party outflows of $1.6 billion during second quarter. Although their investment performance remains generally good across all asset classes, new deposits for this quarter were low relative to historic levels reflecting a decline in institutional searches in the U.S. and around the world. We also saw higher institutional withdrawals during the quarter as clients continued to change investment and asset allocation strategies and made withdrawals for the purpose of making benefit payments. That said, unaffiliated deposits had been stable over the past several quarters and are trending up modestly from year end 2009. We continue to be search competitive and continue to win business. Second quarter deposits of $3.3 billion included more than $800 million of funding from new clients covering a wide range of offerings from large and small cap growth to high yield and preferred securities. As I mentioned, investment performance remains solid overall and has not been a driver of client withdrawals. For Principal Global Investors and its affiliates as of quarter end, 78% of funds were in the top two Morningstar quartiles for the one-year period, 53% for the three-year period and 64% for the five-year period. This includes particular strength in asset allocation funds were 75% or more of our offerings were in the top two Morningstar quartiles for each of the one, three and five-year periods. As institutions continue to gradually rebalance out of fixed incomes into higher risk assets, were seeing flows into assets in which we have particular strength, international and emerging market equities as well as currency. We also expect to benefit as institutions, retail investors and high net worth individuals move money in domestic equities to the stronger U.S. equity managers such as Columbus Circle and Edge. We are also seeing substantial interest in new searches for core U.S. commercial real estate. Given the strength of our pipeline, dollars committed to fund in the third quarter and the pickup were beginning to see in institutional search activity, our outlook for institutional flows remains positive for the rest of 2010. Moving to six-month performance, it is easier to see the underlying trends and were pleased with the results overall. Each of our growth engines delivered strong improvement in assets under management, which coupled with ongoing expense discipline, produced strong operating leverage. Total company earnings at $459 million through midyear are up $95 million or 26% on 13% higher average assets under management. Looking at our three growth engines, earnings for the U.S. accumulation businesses are up 37%. PGIs earnings are up 62% and Principal Internationals earnings are up 57%. At $325 million, net income improved solidly as well, up 23% compared to the six months ended a year ago. These results reflect the value of our broad and geographically diverse mix of businesses. The revenue and earnings stability of our risk businesses, the steady deposit flow from our employer sponsored retirement businesses and the superior earnings growth from asset management and accumulation businesses in Asia and Latin America. Now, Id like to spend a few minutes discussing the ongoing implementation of our strategy even during this difficult economic environment. In the U.S., we continue to make progress placing multiple products on third party distribution platforms reflecting our ongoing focus on meeting customer needs across the accumulation to payout continuum. As a result, during the second quarter, each of our three largest U.S. accumulation businesses Full Service Accumulation, Mutual Funds and Individual Annuities delivered double digit sales growth compared to the year ago quarter, driving a $650 million or 22% improvement in combined sales. Weve also continued to broaden our distribution by putting more focus on third party administrators, which is not only resulting in new sales but also helping us retain business, where customers are looking to move to an unbundled solution. For the first half of 2010, we sold or retained more than a half billion dollars of business through third party administrators, an increase of more than 75% from the same period a year ago. At Principal International, we continue to work closely with bank partners to increase penetration of their existing customer base. In the third quarter, our China joint venture will also begin marketing its recently approved Qualify Domestic Institutional Investor or QDII Fund, a fund investing in international securities for Chinese investors. A significant portion of the $700 million quota will be managed by Principal Global Investors. We also continue to tap into growth opportunities in Southeast Asia. This includes the recent purchase by our Malaysian joint venture of a Thai mutual fund company and its subsequent successful launch of a property fund. In June, Siruly [ph] released their asset management industry projections through 2014. This study speaks to the outstanding growth potential for Principal International and Principal Global Investors. Total global assets under management are projected to increase by 44% between 2009 and 2014 for a compounded annual gross rate of about 8%. While growth in the U.S. is expected to be solid at 7% per year, more telling are the projections for growth in countries in countries where Principal International has built a significant presence, Brazil, Chile, China and Mexico are projected to have the highest growth rates of all countries in the report with mutual fund asset growth ranging from 14 to 19% and retirement asset growth ranging from 13 to 24%. This affirms the appropriateness of our strategy and the significant opportunity we have going forward to grow our businesses given our strong positioning in these markets today. Let me close with some thoughts on the future. Our outlook remains one of cautious optimism. We expect a more moderate but sustainable expansion. We do not view recent slowing growth as the start of a more severe slowdown or a double dip recession, and we continue to see signs in many of our businesses that support this, including improvement from a year ago and recurring contributions to define contribution plans and in fewer retirement plan terminations. I recently returned from a trip to Asia, more convinced than ever that the strategy weve been pursuing for the last 10 years to export our retirement and asset management expertise is the right one. In aligning our domestic expertise with some of the largest distribution partners in the world, weve positioned the principal for superior long-term growth. Between two of our joint venture partners, Banco do Brasil and China Construction Bank, we have accessed to more than 200 million customers through some 18,000 branches in two markets that are relatively untapped and that are projected to be among the five largest middle class populations by 2025. Next a few comments on a recently passed financial regulatory reform. We do not anticipate any material impact on our operations or results. One area we are watching is the impact of reform on the derivatives markets. While we support transparency on swaps and derivatives, it may increase hedging cost in the longer term, which could have some modest impact, and well not a part of regulatory reform, we believe higher capital standards for the life industry are likely in the future. A few final points. We believe that we will continue to see improving fundamentals for corporate credit and commercial real estate. We believe that losses in these areas have pit and that the future losses will be quite manageable. Because of the improvement in asset valuations, our capital raising activities in 2009 in growth and retained earnings, stockholders equity is at its highest level for the Principal as a publicly traded company, $9 billion at quarter end. While we intend to hold more capital, which Terry will discuss in more detail. We have substantial flexibility with $2 billion in excess capital above a 350% risk based capital ratio at midyear. Well continue to look for appropriate opportunities to deploy some of this capital. Our priorities for capital use are unchanged with our first priority to support existing business, although our action to grow our fee-based businesses and pullback on investment only means we need less for this, and our second priority, mergers and acquisitions, where we are seeing an increase in opportunities both domestically and internationally. As weve demonstrated in the past, well continue to deploy capital in a disciplined and thoughtful way. Terry?
Terrance Lillis: Thanks, Larry. This morning Ill focus on operating earnings, including continued strong expense management, net income including continued solid performance of the investment portfolio and Ill also comment further on our strong and flexible capital position. Starting with total company results, second quarter 2010 operating earnings at $204 million, were up 1.5% compared to a year ago quarter. There were a number of items impacting comparability between periods. The two largest were higher DAC amortization expense in the current quarter due to equity market true-ups totaling $26 million after tax between individual annuities, full service accumulation and individual life, and $7 million of lower after tax earnings from investment only reflecting the absence of earnings this quarter from early redemptions of medium term notes. Excluding these items, total company earnings improved 20% on 17% higher average assets under management. Let me quickly quantify a couple of the larger items impacting our reported earnings per share of $0.63. DAC true-ups for market performance and the U.S. asset accumulation segment as well as the individual life division, dampened second quarter earnings by $0.04 per share in total. Life and health segment earnings were also dampened earnings were also dampened by $0.03 per share primarily due to reserved development and strengthening in the health division. As Larry indicated, our asset management and accumulation growth engines continued to deliver strong performance and we continue to benefit from our ongoing discipline around expense management. Through midyear, we held operating expenses essentially flat against 13% growth in average assets under management. Weve strategically reduced expenses in the guaranteed businesses and in the life and health segment. This has enabled us to increase investment in our asset management and accumulation growth engines in the areas of distribution resources, product development and technology to drive productivity gains. Though earnings for the U.S.S. accumulation segment were down $8 million on a reported basis, the accumulation businesses, which are the segments growth engines delivered 20% growth adjusting for DAC equity market true-ups relative to an 18% increase in average account values. Principal Funds earnings improved 75% from a year ago on 23% higher average account values. Full service accumulation earnings again adjusting for DAC market true-ups grew 21% on 19% higher average account values, reflecting the rebound in account values and continued expense management, full service accumulations operating return on account values through midyear is up 11% to 30 basis points on an annualize basis. The drop in individual annuity as earnings from a year ago, primarily reflects a $14 million after tax increase in DAC amortization expense compared to the year ago quarter. Principal International earnings improved $6 million or 19% from the year ago quarter on 41% growth in average asset under management. Excluding approximately $3 million of reserve adjustments that dampen current quarter results, earnings growth for the segment was consistent with the growth in assets under management. Principal International has added $9 billion of asset under management over the trailing 12 months to reach a record $38 billion at quarter end. The gain reflects not only strong investment performance and favorable currency movement, but also continued strong net cash flow. Principal Global Investors earnings improved $4 million or 50% on 11% growth in average assets under management. Excluding real estate where asset values decline modestly from a year ago, investment management fees increased 17%. At $55 million in the second quarter, compared to $58 million in the prior year quarter, earnings for the Life and Health Insurance segment were also solid. Earnings from Specialty Benefits were up slightly from a year ago. Importantly, during the quarter, the division experienced sequential growth in premium and fees for the first time since fourth quarter 2008, improved lapse rates from a year ago across all four lines of business and favorable claims results in a group disability income line after unfavorable experience in the first quarter. Health earnings were down $1 million in line with the decline in the covered members. Favorable experience in the group medical block overall was offset by the need to strengthen reserves within our small block of individual conversion policies. Individual Life earnings were $26 million compared to $28 million a year ago as growth in the block of business was offset by the impact of market performance on DAC amortization expense. A quick explanation of the variances from a year ago for benefits and claims expense and DAC amortization expense, we had high growth death claims during the second quarter, which were substantially offset by reinsurance. On an economic basis, our loss in these claims was $2 million after tax. However, due to gap reinsurance accounting, we defer recognition of [inaudible] to cover the benefit of reinsurance. This resulted in an increase in benefits and claims expense and a decrease in fee revenues, which was partially offset by deferred recognition of related DAC amortization expense. Excluding DAC market true-ups and the impact of reinsurance accounting, division earnings in the second quarter were just over $30 million. Before moving on, Id had to remind you of the seasonality of health division results, Id reiterate our expectation for essentially flat earnings for the Life and Health segment in 2010 compared to 2009. With the caveat that unknowns around healthcare and regulatory reform could influence results in a Health division and the segment. Id also remind you that the change in our economic interest in the Brasilprev joint venture reduces Principal Internationals earnings run rate by approximately $10 to 12 million per quarter after tax starting in the third quarter. The second quarter impact was about 1/3 of that based upon the effective date of the new 23-year shareholders agreement. Moving to net income, we view our$134 million results in the second quarter as solid. Net realized capital losses remain manageable at $70 million. Our investment portfolio performance continues to reflect strong asset liability management and broad asset diversification. Second quarter was a continuation of the steady improvement and credit related losses over the past several quarters. We, again, saw sequential improvement in corporate credit and from structured risk including CMBS. We also saw sequential improvement from commercial mortgage whole loans, which had its lowest quarter of losses since year end 2008. Net losses from these categories totaled $46 million in the second quarter, less than half of the losses in the year ago quarter. Other significant items contributing to current quarter net realized capital losses are $26 million losses on derivative marks, primarily related to interest rate hedging and the impact of declining rates during the quarter, of $72 million capital gain from the change in the companys economic interest in the Brasilprev joint venture and a $42 million capital loss for Principal Bank, primarily related to its portfolio of home equity loans. This reflects increased reserves and write-offs due to recent increases in delinquencies and in the banks estimate of loss severity. We will continue to monitor, model and stress this portfolio going forward. Moving to capital adequacy, as of quarter end, we estimated our risk-based capital ratio to be around 440%. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we have approximately $2 billion of total excess capital split evenly between the life company and the holding company. The split at midyear reflects a $300 million distribution from the life company to the holding company, which represents roughly half our distribution capacity for the full year. Given our equity and excess capital positions, we are at one of the strongest financial points in our history, a positive in light of continued environmental uncertainty. Even with our commitment to holding a higher component of excess capital as cushion currently around $1 billion, we clearly have substantial financial flexibility. As you know, two of the rating agencies recently took the life insurance industry of negative outlook. This along with improving market fundamentals and our businesses ongoing ability to generate free cash flow gives us the ability to increase shareholder value overtime through a strategic capital of redeployment. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning, everybody. Just a quick couple, Larry. You were kind of going in and out at least on my phone, you mentioned FSA sales that you expected them to be up, if you could reiterate that. And then I was wondering on the health business, you had good results on the health business on the group side. There was an article recently, I think it was the New York Times talking about people not going to the doctors despite having insurance because of economic reasons and then I was wondering if you could also possible touch on 401-K matching, whats going on there in light of the kind of mixed article on todays Wall Street Journal.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Good morning, Steven. Good to hear from you. Sorry, if my comments were cutting in and out during the early part. What I said there to sort of summarize our view for the year, Steven, is that we expect the 2010 full service accumulation sales to be up approximately  I think we said 15 to 20% over 2009. Again, we are seeing generally positive trends albeit its still a bit early, but were seeing positive trends in sales pipeline. Were seeing positive trends in close rates and as I said, our investment performance from PGI, other affiliates as well as some of our other sub-advisers, generally I would say remains good. Ill make a couple of quick comments on the health and 401-K matching and Dan Houston may want to add a little bit more. In terms of the health business, we have seen some sort of favorable reserve development there. To your point as to whether thats from people not going to the doctor or what all the factors maybe, I dont really have that at my hands other than there has been favorable reserve developments, so there does seem to be some trends along the line you indicate. And as far as 401-K, its interesting there had been a number of articles here in the last week or so, and I think that by and large those article seem to square pretty well with our experience. Many of our plans are written with a discretionary match, so its a little hard to know whether its really been suspend or whether its just  its a match that can be discretionary. But having said that, we think that somewhere between 20 and 25% matches have been restored. I think thats not completely inconsistent with what was in the Wall Street Journal or what I think was in some of the Hewitt Information a week ago, but Dan might want to comment.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Just a couple of quick comments, Larry is correct. If you look at the experience for Principal, our smaller plan sponsors are the ones that dialed back there or suspended their matches within the last 18 months and again, theyre probably the slower ones who put the matches back in place. The larger plans, weve seen about 20 to 25% of our existing customers with the matches back up to where they were previously for our 
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Daniel Houston: [Inaudible].
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: Good morning. Just to quickly follow up on that. I think Danny said the 20 to 25% of the larger plans have restored and whats the percentage on the smaller plans?
Daniel Houston: Something less than 20 to 25%. So, the small to medium size have been slower than the larger plans to add back their matches.
Larry Zimpleman: One thing, Jeff. This is Larry. If I could just throw in one additional comment though, I think that it is telling or and it is again its a slight positive in a sense that the matches, kind of by the nature, the way we account for things, the matches are in the recurring deposits. So, second quarter was actually the first quarter we commented in the earlier remarks, is the first quarter in I think seven quarters where weve seen an actual increase quarter over quarter in recurring deposits, so thats some positive indication as it relates both to matches and the participation and to participant deferrals.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: Yes. Well, I guess the million dollar question is if those  youve given us a percentage that had been restored, but I guess what are the implications? I mean are we optimistic that most of that comes back or all of it comes back or not so much of it comes back? I mean where do you think we are in a couple of years from now?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think this is again as I said  this is Larry, Jeff. Is this is an improving picture overtime, okay. So, again, I would emphasize that for the small employers and even frankly today for many of the medium size and large employers, the only retirement benefit they offer is a 401-K plan. And again, I thought it was interesting and telling in the sense of the Wall Street Journal article this morning that you heard specific mention of individual who actually left their place of employment because their employer had not yet reinstated their 401-K match. So, that again from my perspective is a very positive indicator because it does say that employees like 401-K matches, they value that and that will increasingly become a point of consideration as they think about where they want to work going forward. So, I think there will be a lot of  that this will be slow, will be somewhat gradual but there are positive trends developing here.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: Okay. The one other thing I wanted to ask you about  there was a court decision recently Tibble versus Edison and the point was that plan sponsors maybe need to be sensitive to the cost structure of the funds in their 401-Ks and where they shouldnt retail funds when institutional type funds are available. What is your exposure to that issue both in terms of the 401-K business and then in terms of your fund business?
Larry Zimpleman: Ill just make a couple of comments. This is Larry, Jeff. Im not familiar with that particular case, so I cant really comment on that one. I would say by and large that we believe for a long time that this market in terms the 401-K defined contribution market is going to move towards more sophisticated investment options, more sophisticated pricing is going to move toward institutional fees and thats where weve been for many, many, many years. So, I think again this is all positive, and I think probably the bigger driver in this beyond any particular decision by court is going to be the Department of Labors effort to put more transparency around fees and Ill let Dan comment on that.
Daniel Houston: Yes, maybe just a couple of quick comment on the structures that we have today. The retail share clusters are actually the least used inside our 401-K plans, separate accounts, which were originally designed to be institutional nature is very common. We have institutional share class of registered products. We also have CITs made available for our largest clients and of course, weve got our own institutional share classes available to our clients. So, again, it gets back to suitability. The clients work with their investment advisers and again, theres full disclosure on the fees for not only the plan administration record keeping but also for investment manager phase.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Youre next question is from the line of Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning. On the international segment, the withdrawals have been declining for some time. Can you provide some color on that?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. Ill let Norman comment on that, Darin. Thank you by the way for picking up coverage this quarter, we appreciate that.
Norman Sorensen: Weve seen cash flow  is that what your question was Darin?
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Thats right. The withdrawals or 
Norman Sorensen: Yes, consecutively net cash flows have been increasing significantly over the past year. The quarter was $1.5 billion up and the deposits obviously exceeded withdrawals. Weve seen net cash flow at $1.5 billion, but we have seen of that about a foreign exchange impact of 500 million negative. But we have seen investment performance in the range of 700 million and obviously, weve seen year-to-date 3.4 billion and net cash flow improvement.
Larry Zimpleman: Some of that withdrawal, Darin, if you go back into prior periods, at one point, we had a fair amount of money markets in India and in our Indian mutual fund family and those were amounts that by the nature of money markets tend to be sort of cycle in and out. And so as weve focus that operation more on through long-term funds thats another of the factors along with what Normans explaining around withdrawals.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats helpful. And then turning to Principal Bank, can we get a little more color on the side of it and the size of the home equity loan portfolio?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. The home equity loan portfolio, I think, is in the range of $850 million. It includes I think somewhere around 16,000 loans. These are primarily loans that were put on the books in sort of the 2005 or 06 to 2007 period. They are pretty well diversified geographically, so theyre not concentrated necessarily in the states that have been particularly problematical. We have been monitoring this portfolio all along, so again we continue to do a lot of analysis around that. Maybe Ill have Terry or if Terry wants to comment further.
Terrance Lillis: Yes, just to let you know the size of the bank its about a $2.4 billion asset under management. As Larry said, its around $800 million of the HELOC for the home equity loans and so the concentration is not in any particular one state, it is as Larry mentioned diversified and we are monitoring it, modeling it, and looking at the portfolio with a fine view.
Larry Zimpleman: So, I think our expectation going forward, Darin, is we probably lots of all that portfolio probably in the range of 8 to 10 million a quarter, which would be offset by operating earnings for the bank. So, we expect that to be about a breakeven situation going forward.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats helpful. If I could just follow-up on that, do you have the total reserves and write-downs in that portfolio?
Terrance Lillis: Yes. Darin, this is Terry. The reserve that we have set against that portfolio is about $32 million after against the HELOC loans. In total we have about $40 million of reserves against the entire portfolio, but we think that that 4%, we feel that thats an appropriate reserve at this point.
Darin Arita  Deutsche Bank: All right. Thanks very much.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Darin.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: Good morning. First question I had is on that youd mentioned on full service accumulation flows. You lost a large plan, can you comment on the AUM associated with the plan and broadly speaking, are you seeing intensive price competition particularly in the larger end of the market?
Larry Zimpleman: Ill just kick that off and have Dan comment on. First of all, in terms of overall price competition, again this is a business that has always been competitive and as Ive said to many of you, our responsibility really is to manage the business in such a way that it produces a desired profitability. And I think again youre seeing in terms of the profitability both in the second quarter and sort of on a rolling basis that it continues to perform very much in line with our expectations. So, again, thats part of the thing that we manage and I dont know that I would necessarily say that large cases or somehow more price competitive than small cases. It really just  every part of the market is competitive, but I think weve demonstrated we have the ability to manage through that and Ill let Dan comment on the one particular case.
Daniel Houston: Sure. The one case was roughly a quarter of a billion dollars, $250 to 300 million. This is a piece of business that actually had come over in one of our endorse transfers, five years ago. Its been a very price sensitive sort of customer during that entire period of time that finally reached a point  if we look at it from a profitability perspective, we werent pleased with it from a profitability perspective  took it out to bid and they went with who I wouldve describe as a very low cost, no frills provider of the marketplace. There wasnt [inaudible] you placed on a total retirement sweep approach, it was a standalone 401-K and they certainly wouldnt have put value on the Retire Secure Worksite sort of solution. So, again, not a good match post-acquisition some five years ago.
Larry Zimpleman: Just a couple of final comments, Tom. If we look at the lapse rates on full service accumulation through midyear, they run on a little bit under 3.5%, and if you look at 2009, they run about 7.4% for the year. So, again, these are  its actually running a little bit better than it did in 2009 and what is interesting is that the larger case end of that  the lapse rates are closer to 2% instead of that 3.5, so that differential really reflects more plan terminations and very small employers going out of business. So, the lapse rates here continue to be very much under control.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: And Larry or Dan, just to follow-up. So, as we look to the back half of the year, do you expect flows to turn positive n FSA for both 3 and 4Q or is it going to be lumpy or how should we be thinking about that?
Daniel Houston: I think the best way to think of it is it always could be lumpy, but we anticipate by year end, we will be positive. Were positive today and we fully intend that well finish positive for the year. And again, just maybe to reiterate maybe my confidence around the full service line, when you go back and adjust for the one large plan that we had in the first quarter of 2009, which again was $1.4 billion. If you look at our increased closed ratios, if you look at the average size plan excluding that large one, large plan a year ago, and the average size plan is up 45%. If we look at sales with plans of less than 10 million, so kind of that back to that core sweet spot of small to medium size business year-to-date that business is up 38% and as Larry cited earlier, our created pipeline is 12%. So, we go into this cautiously optimistic around the second half of the year, feel good about the quality of the pipeline and feel good that we can reach our stated objectives.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: Okay. And then just one for Julia, on the  I noticed the CMBS delinquencies continue to move up and just a question on I think your stress, your moderate stress scenario for CMBS and CMBS CDOs is now 387 million. Can you talk about what you have already taken on those and the way, and I guess it breaks out over what period of time, you would expect to recognize those, but how much have you already taken of that 387?
Julia Lawler: Okay. Good morning, Tom. We have taken about 30%. And remember when we started doing these stress analysis and scenarios, we said this is how actual losses were more likely to emerge and when I tell you what weve done, its more an impairment basis. So, we havent actually experienced the actual losses yet, but we have impaired about 30 to 40% of this total.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: And Julia of those that you compared, how much have you actually absorbed in terms of real losses versus impairment accounting recognition?
Julia Lawler: Virtually none.
Larry Zimpleman: Right. And I think this is a key point, Tom, and something that does sometimes kind of get loss in the understanding around this particular issue. Again, Julia and her team do continuous stress modeling, looking for future losses and then are taking impairments against that. So, were already taking impairments for losses that wont occur in many cases for another one or two years. And I think in the case of many investors, they get confused between the timing for impairment as compared to when the actual the bond losses occur and by the time the bond losses occur, weve done our work well and Julias team is as good as it gets. Weve already taken those impairments, so thats have already been front loaded into our financials, and I think investors need to have a sort of better understanding and appreciation for that.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: Okay, but 
Julia Lawler: And Tom, if you want to comment on the delinquencies because as you mentioned, they have increased quarter over quarter that was anticipated. Thats really in our stress modeling scenarios, so all of it is in line with what we expected and were actually seeing a slowdown in the increase. So, again, all in line with our expectations toward scenarios.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse AG: Okay, thanks.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Randy Binner with FBR Capital.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hi, thanks. I guess Im following up on Tom Gallaghers questions on  a little bit different, but back to FSA on fees. So, fee is the total fund value, were a little bit better than they have been running. So, I guess Larry from your commentary, it doesnt sound like theres too much competition thats destructive there. So, can we expect kind of stabilization on fees relative to account values and maybe another way to hit this is could we think about Principal being able to maintain kind of 30% ROA in the FSA business going forward?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, a couple of comments, Randy. Again, I think its 30 basis points ROA, which has been sort of the historical range that weve talked about, and I would say sort of yes with one caveat and then Ill let Dan comment as well. The one caveat is that again as we have said before, Randy, there is a mix of business issue thats involved here. So, for example, on our ESOP [ph] business, employer securities provide little if any in the way of fee revenue. Our proprietary investment options generate a higher degree of fee revenue. So, there is very much a mix of business issue here. And so the caveat, in terms of maintaining fees, the answer is yes with the caveat that were assuming theres not a substantial shift or change in mix of business, so that will be the only thing that youll need to watch and you can see that in the financial supplement. You can track that quarter by quarter and kind of see how does various buckets are trending and Ill let Dan add his comments.
Daniel Houston: Yes, thats exactly right. And the only other comment Id make about fees and fee disclosures, the Department of Labor has handed down a requirement that by July of next year 2011, well have to comply with the standard approach in terms of disclosing fees for recordkeeping, administration, asset management fee, trust fees and advisory fees were already  feel very good about our current disclosure. Weve been at it for many years and so to the extent that its raised out there in the marketplace we feel like ours, we will compete very well with the competition.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. And then theres one more if I could, also just on the CMBS. I guess maybe this is for Terry or Julia, but would you characterized the CMBS charges, this quarter is kind of a catch up. I mean certainly it seems that way for the home equity products, but I mean it was a little bit higher than the run rate has been and so was there something in the squirt [ph] that cause you to kind of take out a lump of impairments that may not be recurring going forward.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think certainly  this is Larry, Randy. On the home equity piece, so its definitely. I mean when I say catch up, what I mean is that we started to see delinquencies and severities increase in the last quarter or two. So, I dont know if thats catch up, but certainly we felt it was appropriate to increase the loss recognition around that portfolio. I think on the CMBS, Ill let Julia comment on that.
Julia Lawler: Yes. No, actually what were seeing is from third quarter 09, really second quarter 09, we started to see impairments because we actually started to see forecast for a loss of that point in time. So, again, remember were impairing long before the losses actually emerge. First quarter was the peak. Weve actually seen it trends down on CMBS losses impairment. The first quarter was really our peak number and were trending downward. So, no, I guess the answer is no. Theres no catch up. Were really impairing as we see in forecast losses and severity of those losses and were seeing the trends sort of play out as we would have anticipated and first quarter was kind of our peak.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: All right, very good. Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman: Thank you, Randy.
Operator: Your next question is from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Larry Zimpleman: Hi, Ed.
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: I have two questions. The first is on capital, when you talk about the $2 billion excess number and you talk about you want to hold $1 billion cushion, so I think youre saying theres a billion dollars that you could do something with in the near-term, is that a correct interpretation?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think, Ed  this is Larry, Ed. I mean I think  generally speaking, but Ill say it back to you. We again have, if you use the 350 RBC and we could  people might have different lines, but just to have a common measuring stick, theres about $2 billion of excess capital. And our thinking right now is that as we look both to higher capital requirements that I alluded to in my remarks, plus were very sensitive also around sort of near-term obligations of the holding company. We probably be of a mind today, that we would want to hold somewhere around $1 to 1.2 billion. The higher amount does not necessarily mean, however, that we have a desire to go out in the next quarter or two and spend down the remaining amount. As I said, I think that the rating agencies, two of the four have moved the industry to neutral, so there are some again some signs that are positive. And so I think as we go forward, as we keep adding to our excess capital position, as the economy and the markets normalize, I think that sort of 750 million number will grow and we will and were currently working on lots of plans and ideas around ways to deploy it.
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes. I guess, Larry, just a follow-up on that. I mean I understand the desire to hold a cushion, but I guess the question is youre stock is below book value and I think when you think about the prospects for this business and when you think about the marginal return on capital that you expect, I find it hard to see any other alternative use for capital being compelling other than buying your stock. And when you talk about funding growth for me, it doesnt seem like you need to hold capital fund growth at least significant amounts considering the mixed shift. When you talk about M&A, its again it seems impossible, almost impossible to find something thats more compelling than your stock below book. So, can you just give us some sense of how youre thinking about timing, of deploying capital because this is  Im not so sure that this is an opportunity that stays forever?
Larry Zimpleman: Right. I mean I think theres a general agreement with many of the points, Ed, that you were talking about and its really more I would say a matter of timing more than anything else. As you said and again youve written and commented on this, which I appreciate, we have made conscious decisions here to pullback on some of the more capital intensive businesses particularly the IO business and that has very positive implications going forward. We used to talk about needing 50% of operating earnings to support the growth of the businesses. We havent really retested that in detail to give you a new number today, but clearly because of the pullback of IO, we would need less than that sort of that 50% number going forward. So, we will be generating higher amounts of free cash flow. We will be adding to our excess capital position. And again as we go forward and through the rest of 2010 into 2011, we will need to have and we have been working and continue to have a plan for capital deployment, but again I think its a little bit early to be pulling the trigger on that. So, for now, its a very nice position to be in. we want to continue to watch the things that are going on. We have the opportunity to be very opportunistic both in global asset management, in international and U.S. retirement thats where the capital will go to, and so we just like the position were in and well see how it works out over the next quarter or two.
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one quick follow-up, just for some clarification on International. The $35 million that you earned this quarter, there was about a $3 or 4 million impact from the change in the JV ownership. When were thinking forward over the next couple quarters, we have earnings that should come down from that level by something in the neighborhood of $9 million. Is that correct?
Norman Sorensen: Well, on a quarterly  this is Norman. On a quarterly basis, we have indicated that we expect earnings to drop by about between $10 and 12 million per quarter after tax.
Larry Zimpleman: But given we have one quarter, we should be in the 27 to 28 million per quarter basically, Ed.
Norman Sorensen: Thats right.
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: And then how quickly  now, is it going to grow still off of that as the start of your 15% or is there a faster growth rate recovery because of what you see as sort of near-term opportunities.
Jim McCaughan: We anticipate growth between 15 and 20%. Obviously, the 23-year agreement with Banco do Brasil gives us tremendous opportunity in that market as well as the other market, so roughly between 15 and 20% growth going forward. Okay?
Edward Spehar  BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Your next question is from Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin Devine  Citigroup Inc: Good morning.
Larry Zimpleman: Hey, Colin.
Colin Devine  Citigroup Inc: I just got a couple of quick questions just to make sure that Im sort of getting the message that I think youre trying to convey. And first is in terms of capital redeployment, the way that Principal used to do it, buybacks and such, but nobody should be holding their breath for awhile, and that the ROE that were looking at today in this sort of 10.5% range is going to be here for awhile or actually maybe go down as you continue to build [inaudible], so thats question number one. Question number two, as I look at the FSA business again, the number of plans your managing continues to decline and is that just really a reflection of the overall shrinkage you alluded to in the 401-K market more than a problem at Principal? And then three, can you just confirm the home equity lines and the bank are those loans you originated yourselves, right, or portfolios that you purchased? Then finally, if you could just confirm  one more time for me at least on the DAC with the life business, exactly what happened there with this sort of what gen [ph] worth ad where theres sort of been because of lower rates, some of them are more permanent impairment or against their original pricing assumptions or was it more market driven? I know youve written a bunch secondary guarantee, Universal Life and I didnt know if we were seeing somebody as [inaudible] class experience come through.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Ill try to take them quickly, Colin, and Terry will want to comment on a couple of these as well. But in terms of ROE growth, the fact that were holding higher capital, we think probably impacts ROE around 56 to 60 basis points. But having said that, I think our current ROE of about 10.6, I think is still reasonably competitive within the industry. Having said that, I guess we still believe that we have the opportunity to grow that ROE even at these higher levels of capital, well continue to grow that ROE about 50 basis points a year, so theres really been no change around that because of the fee nature of our growth businesses. We see opportunities to continue to grow from this kind of 10.5 to 10.6% levels. In terms of numbers of plans, thats really a combination of two things. Number one, theres fewer startup plans, so were not writing quite as many plans in this kind of an environment and number two, of course, there are a few more terminations of plans meaning very small employers who go out of business. So, again, we think those are trends that will normalize and reverse themselves overtime. Quickly on the HELOC, I would just comment that is basically a portfolio that was purchased through a few different sources, but basically those are all correspondents. We dont necessarily have a basis to originate those, and again that activity was ceased as of a number of years ago, so were not having to be adding any of those home equity loans in the portfolio over the last couple of last years. And Ill let Terry comment very quickly on the Individual Life DAC issue.
Terrance Lillis: Yes, Colin. As we had two large claims that generated losses in the current period, they were offset by reinsurance. So, the economic impact of it, this quarter was about $2 million. However, accounting practice does not allow you to recognize the reinsurance reimbursement during the current period and you have to spread that over the life of the portfolio, which could be 75 years plus and so theres going to be very little impact. The net effect of this in several different lines through geography was a $5 million tax impact of the underwriting of the reinsurance amortization or impact. As a result, we said that at $2 million economic impact versus a $5 million gap impact generated lower earnings in the life line by about $3 million after tax this quarter. Therefore, we feel that that was an appropriate adjustment to make to our EPS in the current period.
Colin Devine  Citigroup Inc: Thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Colin.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
Mark Finkelstein  Macquarie Research: Hi, good morning. Just to talk a little bit about the health business. Premium continues to go down at a fairly rapid clip. I guess what is your premium outlook and when do we start to really kind of have more meaningful expense ratio issues, particularly when we start thinking about healthcare reform and minimum loss ratios, thats my first question.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Well, this is Larry. Ill make a quick comment on that, Dan may want to comment as well. I dont that theres necessarily such as thin as bright line, Mark, where that becomes an issue and clearly were well aware of the membership decline, which again is a combination of in plans shrink as well as lapses exceeding new sales. And again, you see these across most of the commercial blocks of pretty much of all the carrier, so theres not a magic point. I would say that we are looking at in regard to minimum loss ratios, we are looking at the potential impact of that and again, thats just something that well have to manage towards. But I dont know Danny, do you have any comment?
Daniel Houston: Yes, maybe just two real quick ones. As you know weve talked about previously the build out of our Pen [ph] networks, which are our proprietary network development going on and roughly six or seven cities around the country to get better discounts from hospitals and physicians and clinics et cetera. So, it does require some investment to build out that capability. Were also making a modest investment in distribution as well as back office to comply with healthcare reforms. So, were going to have some pressure on expenses, we continue to manage that very aggressively and at the same time, you can see a nice improvement in overall loss ratios, and again, those two areas are certainly driving cost up for our overhead administrative expenses.
Mark Finkelstein  Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just secondly on the PGI unaffiliated flow, I think you attributed some of the issues in the quarter to a rebalancing where youre not as competitive in those strategies or even have them in some instances. I guess one has that rebalancing essentially ended and did I hear you correctly in suggesting that you expect those  that particular area to show positive flows in the third and fourth quarters.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. Ill have Jim comment on that. Jim?
Jim McCaughan: Yes. I mean its so much differs by client that its hard to generalize. You can point or one can point to two or three clients who rebalance in particular ways and therefore that cost us flows during the quarter. But its very hard to generalize about a process that goes across a lot of client, and I will not hesitate to do that. I think really is the way to look at is that not only as Larry mentioned quoting Siruly [ph] the DC industry in an outflow, but the DB industry also industry also is or the DB funds across the country are also in that outflows. So to have  was it 1.6 billion of net outflow, 2% of the total non-affiliate book of business, its actually not a particularly bad result given the influence of the economy on the funds. And really the key towards turning positive is that clients start allocating both U.S. and international clients to the active strategies were in, and we see signs of that as coming and wed be disappointed to see continued negative flows through the next two quarters, but its very difficult to predict client movement. We do have participation in quite few searches at the moment and our search competitive in the number of popular investment choices, but I do think that its very hard to predict at this point whether it will actually turn positive in the next two quarters. So, for the next two or three years, it will remain very positive.
Mark Finkelstein  Macquarie Research: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, again, I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continuing interest in the Principal. As weve mentioned in our call today, we do see increasing evidence that the economy in the small and medium sector are now at the beginning of what we hope to be a growth cycle going forward. Although were going to focus on challenges that remain, we also believe we are well-positioned as we go forward for the next few quarters, and we look forward to speaking with many of you about the opportunities that we believe will continue to differentiate Principal Financial Group from our peers. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for reply, beginning at approximately 8 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day, August 10th, 2010. 4587874 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687, U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291, international callers.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Egan - Vice President, Investor Relations Larry Zimpleman  Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis - Chief Financial Officer Dan Houston - U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance Jim McCaughan - Global Asset Management Norman Sorensen - International Asset Management and Accumulation Julia Lawler - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Steven Schwartz - Raymond James  Andrew Kligerman - UBS Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan  Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc  Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egan, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Egan : Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's quarterly conference call. As always if you don't already have a copy, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we'll open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are Dan Houston, U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance, Jim McCaughan, Global Asset Management, Norman Sorensen, International Asset Management and Accumulation and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now Id like to turn the call over to Larry. 
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks John and good morning to everyone on the call. As most of you probably already know, John Egan recently joined The Principal as our new Investor Relations Officer. He is replacing Tom Graf who will be retiring later this month after 38 years of service with the organization. Id like to take this opportunity to thank Tom for his significant contributions over the course of his career and to welcome John to the company. Moving to results, first quarter was a very solid start to the year for The Principal as we delivered our best operating earnings quarter in two years and our best net income quarter in 2.5 years. Each of our growth engines delivered strong improvement in assets under management which coupled with ongoing expense discipline produced strong operating leverage. It was a quarter in which the continuous implementation of our strategy even during the crisis began to show positive results and a quarter in which our investment portfolio continued to perform well and in line with our expectations. Compared to the same period a year ago, we achieved strong improvement across a range of key measures. At $256 million, operating earnings were up $92 million or 56%, driving earnings per share up 25%. Net income was up $78 million or 69% as realized capital losses remain manageable and continue to emerge as expected. Assets under management were up $57 billion or 24% to $293 billion. As of quarter end, we had recovered more than three-fourths of the drop in assets under management from our high as of yearend 2007 to our low on March 31, 2009.  Book value, including other comprehensive income per share, was up 212%. This reflects continued improvement in net unrealized losses including nearly $1 billion of pretax improvement in the first quarter for fixed maturity securities primarily from narrowing credit spreads. In addition, on a sequential basis, total company operating return on equity improved to 11.5%, up 90 basis points from year end after improving 40 basis points in the fourth quarter. While down from a year ago, this reflects our May 2009 equity raise, the full impact of which will be realized next quarter. Overall, across a broad range of measures, from the bottom line measures of operating earnings and net income, to top line items like sales, flows, and assets under management, results are emerging in line with or better than our expectations for the businesses. While were benefiting from improvement in the credit and equity markets, we believe the results demonstrate continued strong execution of our diversified business strategy. This has enabled us to deliver very solid results even as high unemployment continues to affect each of our employee benefit businesses. As the economy improves we expect to see an acceleration of our growth given that small and medium businesses have historically been the primary source of job creation. Terry will follow my comments with further detail on the quarter including a discussion of the investment portfolio. Ill focus my comments on execution, our ongoing progress implementing our strategy to grow our asset accumulation businesses in the US, Latin America, and Asia, and our global asset management business.  On execution, our ongoing progress implementing our strategy to grow our asset accumulation businesses in the US, Latin America and Asia and our global asset management business. As I mentioned, operating earnings improved substantially from a year ago. Our growth engines, the US accumulation businesses, Principal International and Principle Global Investors contributed $90 million of our $92 million improvement, more than doubling from a year ago on a combined basis.  These gains reflect improvement in the investment markets, the depth and breadth of our asset management and accumulation offerings and our increasing momentum with key third party distribution alliances. The gains also reflect the ongoing positive benefits of our prior expense actions and continuing expense discipline which is producing strong operating leverage as assets under management continues to build.  In the first quarter 2010, the US accumulation businesses delivered $950 million of positive net cash flows, down from a year ago when we had a single large retirement sale but solidly better then the past three quarters. On $1.7 billion of sales in the first quarter, full service accumulation delivered $640 million of net cash flow. Total retirement suite accounted for 63% of sales during the quarter based on assets and continues to provide a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Driven by our steady improvement in sales, transfer deposits for the first quarter were 9% higher than our result for the last two quarters of 2009 combined.  Full service accumulation sales pipeline and activity continues to build steadily as advisors renew their focus on growing their businesses, though still down from 2008 levels. However, small business owners reported little pickup in their sales or confidence in March with only one of the ten components of the small business optimism index showing improvement.  The environment also continues to pressure recurring deposits which were down 5% or $170 million from a year ago. The good news is that many of these pressures our easing. For the first time in four quarters we saw a sequential increase in total eligible plan participants. And plan sponsors are beginning to restore matching contributions and weve seen a small number of employers re-hire eliminated positions. As a quick reminder, second quarter has historically been our lowest quarter of flows for this business with seasonally low sales resulting in seasonally low transfer deposits. Moving to principal funds on $2.1 billion of sales, we delivered $110 million of net cash flows in the first quarter. This was our best quarter of flows since June 2008 and compares to an industry in outflow for the quarter. Excluding money market, principal funds achieved net cash flows of approximately $170 million for the quarter and more than $600 million over the trailing 12 months. Principal funds long-term sales improved 15% from a year ago.  This reflects continued success with our national channel of outside broker dealers, our largest distribution channel for funds which delivered a 35% improvement in sales from a year ago. It also reflects good success with recent product launches such as our global diversified income fund which captured $210 million of new investments in its first quarter of active marketing.  Global asset management had unaffiliated out flows of $1.2 billion in the first quarter. Institutional search activity in the US and around the world remains subdued and substantially below 2008 levels. Over the past couple of quarters, weve also seen out flows from our stable value funds due to rebalancing as well as rebalancing out of equities as some institutions have taken gains after the market run up.  But here again, we see an improving picture. Unaffiliated deposits increased more than 20% from year end including more than $1 billion of funding during the quarter from new clients. Recent new client wins have covered a wide range of offerings from large and small cap growth to [Asia] equities to fixed-income for clients in the US, Europe and Asia. Were also seeing search activity pick-up in a number of areas. In North America where consultants are estimating that search activity will pick up by 10% in 2010 and in Latin American, Asia and the Middle East, where were seeing significant pick-up in search activity from sovereign investors.  Moving to Principal International, first quarter net cash flows was $700 million excluding money market withdrawals in India. Over the trailing 12 months Principal Internationals net cash flows exceeded $3 billion or 13% of beginning of period assets under management. As announced last Friday, we signed a definitive agreement to renew our joint venture with Banco Brazil for an additional twenty-three years. Brasilprev is a pension market leader in Brazil reflecting the strength of Banco Brazils distribution platform as the largest bank in Latin America and The Principals expertise in retirement.  Our joint venture has enjoyed remarkable success in its first ten years, including compounded annual growth and operating earnings of 25% over the past five years and 30% compounded annual growth in assets under management. We believe that future opportunity is even greater as a result of recent acquisitions by Banco that further expand their distribution platform as well as their client base which now stands at 54 million customers. As an early sign of this, customer deposits since signing the Memorandum of Understanding in October 2009, are up 57% compared to the same period a year ago.  I mentioned earlier that weve continued to execute our global asset accumulation and asset management strategy even in the face of the financial crisis over the past two years. As another example of this, about a year ago we expanded our distribution relationship with Bank of America Merrill Lynch which previously covered mutual funds, separately managed accounts and nonqualified deferred compensation to also cover defined contribution plans and our offshore [Dublin] funds.  Over the trailing 12 months this relationship has produced $1.1 billion of sales on a combined basis. This translates into 27% growth over the same period ending a year ago and illustrates the competitive advantages we gain by offering multiple asset management and accumulation products on alliance partner platforms.  Id also like to comment on our current equity and excess capital positions. At $8.7 billion at quarter end, stockholders equity is at its highest level for the principal as a publicly traded company. This reflects improvement in asset valuations, capital raising activities in 2009 and growth in retained earnings. Excess capital at $1.8 billion is also a historical high for the company.  This means that we are at one of the strongest financial positions in our history which is a positive that some environmental uncertainties remain. While were committed to holding higher levels of capital in the future, we believe our strong earnings profile and improved market fundamentals will present an opportunity to increase shareholder value over time. As always, well look at capital deployment options in a disciplined and thoughtful way.  Ill take one more minute to cover three unrelated areas. First, we believe that US commercial real estate have bottomed and that the rebound in the REIT and CMBS pricing will continue to provide additional positive momentum. This momentum will ultimately bring positive cash flows to the market.  Second, were seeing good results and positive feedback around our America Rebuilds Media and Advertising Campaign. Individuals are increasing their focus on financial planning and their commitment to savings. We expect this to have a very positive impact on The Principal brand.  Finally, Id like to mentioned that weve been fortunate to receive some very important, third party recognition in 2010. For the eighth straight year, we were named a top 50 Company by the National Association of Female Executives. We received two [Lipper] fund awards for consistent multi-year performance and achievement that showcases our investment expertise and long-term view.  Brasilprev was recognized as the number one company in the pension segment for customer service. And The Principal was recognized again by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the worlds most ethical companies, one of only three financial services companies to make the list.  We believe these awards demonstrate the true character of the organization and that The Principal remains a company that customers and investors can rely on. 
Terry Lillis: This morning Im going to focus on three areas, operating earnings and how results are emerging as the economic recovery builds, net income, including the continued solid performance of the investment portfolio, and a strong capital position.  Starting with first quarter 2010 results, total company operating earnings improved $92 million or 56% compared to a year ago quarter. This reflects 20% higher average assets under management, prior expense actions and ongoing expense discipline. Against 19% growth and fee revenues from a year ago, we kept operating expenses essentially flat.  Our three asset and accumulation segments drove the improvement in operating earnings from a year ago. U.S. asset accumulation earnings improved $64 million or 69% on $22 billion or 16% higher average count values. Full service accumulation earnings increased $25 million or 49% from a year ago to $76 million for first quarter 2010, primarily due to a 24% increase in average account values.  Individual annuities earnings increased $26 million from a year ago to $31 million for first quarter 2010. The improvement reflects an 11% increase in average account values and $17 million in higher amortization in a deferred policy acquisition costs for first quarter 2009, primarily due to unfavorable equity market performance in that period. Principal funds earnings increased $8 million from a year ago to $10 million for first quarter 2010, primarily due to a 27% increase in average account values.  Principal Internationals earnings improved $21 million up 123% from a year ago quarter. Roughly one-third of the improvement reflects strong performance on a local basis. The remainder reflects improvement from the unfavorable macro-economic conditions that dampened prior year quarter results. Principal International had added more than $12 billion of assets under management over the trailing 12 months to reach a record $35.7 billion at quarter end.  The gain reflects not only strong investment performance and favorable currency movements but also continued strong net cash flows as Larry noted. Principal global investors earnings improved $5 million or 76% on 13% growth and average assets under management. Excluding real estate where asset values declined modestly from a year ago, investment management fees increased 21%. At the same time PGI reduced total compensation costs by 2% and held total expenses flat. At $70 million in the first quarter compared to $72 million in the prior year quarter, earnings for the life and health insurance segment were also solid.  Individual life earnings were $31 million compared to $23 million a year ago. The increase reflects growth in the block of business and ongoing expense management. Premium deposits for the division are up 13% from a year ago reflecting a strong increase in single premium universal life sales and steady improvement in UL and BUL renewal deposits. The health division had operating earnings of $26 million in first quarter compared to $32 million a year ago. The change primarily reflects a decline in the insured medical covered members.  The division continues to invest and building proprietary networks and improving claims management in order to improve pricing and gain traction on both new sales and retention. Specialty benefit earnings were $14 million compared to $17 million in first quarter 2009. The decline from a year ago primarily reflects unfavorable group disability claims experience. We do not view this is a systemic issue. Incidence is down and we view the higher average new claims we experienced this quarter as a temporary phenomenon.  In thinking about our run rate for total company earnings on a go forward basis, investors should consider several items. There is seasonality in certain businesses. The health division has seasonally high earnings in the first quarter with losses in the fourth quarter and specialty benefits earnings are low in the first quarter reflecting seasonally higher group life and dental plans.   Id reiterate our expectations that earnings for the life and health insurance segment will be essentially flat in 2010 compared to 2009. However, there are some unknowns around cost of compliance with health care and regulatory reform that could influence results for the health division and the segment. Id also remind you that the definitive agreement related to Brasilprev changes are economic interest in the joint venture reducing Principal Internationals earnings run rate by approximately $10 million to $12 million per quarter after tax starting in the third quarter, with about half of that impact in the second quarter. Reflecting this change in earnings run rate, we expect segments return on equity a year in 2010 to be approximately 9%, returning to 11% in 2012.  As one final item, investment only earnings benefitted by about three cents per share in the first quarter primarily from a receivable recovery and our opportunistic early redemption of medium term notes. At $191 million in the first quarter, total company net income was solid as well. Net realized capital losses were $57 million, a fifth consecutive quarter of very manageable losses in the $50 million to $60 million range.  This reflects strong asset liability management which enabled us to avoid forced selling and broad asset diversification which lengthens the period over which losses emerge in a downturn making losses more manageable. Losses on fixed maturity credit related impairments in sales improved 21% from a year ago quarter is lower losses on corporate bonds more than offset higher losses on CMBS and residential asset backed securities.  Losses on commercial whole loans were also down from a year ago, a drop of 42% and at $11 million, our lowest quarter of losses since year end 2008. We continue to expect credit related losses to improve and estimate they will be approximately $100 million lower in 2010 after tax then in 2009.  Let me quickly cover our limited sovereign exposure to Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain. As of March 31, it totaled $70 million. In addition, we have no exposure to Greek or Portuguese banks. Let me also comment on a risk based capital ratio and capital position. As of quarter end, we estimate our risk based capital ratio to be in the range of 440% to 450%.  We also have substantial cash at the holding company providing additional flexibility. Relative to a 350% RBC ratio, we had $1.8 billion of total excess capital at quarter end, about $1 billion at the life company and about $800 million at the holding company. Given the strength of our balance sheet, investors are re-focusing their intention on our growth prospects.  So let me close with a few thoughts on the strength of our position going forward. PGI starts a second quarter with $212 billion of assets under management, 17% higher than this time a year ago. Combined account values for full service accumulation and mutual funds, totaled $132 billion, up 30% from a year ago.  Finally, Principal International goes into the second quarter with a record $36 billion of assets under management, an increase of 52%. This increase in assets under management and account values positions our fee-based businesses, businesses that are not capital intensive and do not rely on general account guarantees, for continued strong revenue growth in 2010.  This concludes our prepared remarks.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates. 
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: First Larry youre talking about sales and whats going on and things seem to be improving. I want to ask how important is that, how indicative is that? Weve missed, in a sense, weve missed the first quarter renewal. Were going into the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. How meaningful is that statement really?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay Steven, didnt know if there was a question there or not. I would say that weve been commenting over the last couple of quarters that we have been seeing increases in what we call created pipeline which is sort of the new business thats dropping into the pipeline. Again there are several cuts that we could take. But weve been seeing increases in creative pipeline.  So, I guess I would take a bit of exception to the notion that we sort of missed the first quarter renewal. I think that we have seen a participation in the first quarter renewal when you saw the $1.7 billion. So, I think it is meaningful. I think again youre seeing that creative pipeline pick up.  Just to give you a sense of it in the first quarter the creative pipeline was up about 36% or so. So, I think were again were seeing this build quarter by quarter. Were seeing it build in terms of new sales. Were seeing it build in terms of transfer deposits. So, I think we are definitely riding the wave thats going along. I dont think theres any indication weve missed any of that.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates:  Well I guess my question is do we see that creative pipeline come through the next three quarters or do we wait again for the annual renewal periods beginning January 1?
Larry Zimpleman:  The answer to that would be is that we in time will see that come through. Again, these typically the lag time on employer-based retirement sales is somewhere around 2 to 3 quarters so again just because it goes into pipeline this quarter is may well be a 7/1 or 10/1 sort of effective date. But we are seeing actual close rates are continuing to actually increase a bit. I think our close rate was a little over 10% in the first quarter which is again well within the norm probably a little bit to the high side. So again, Id say every indication here continues to look positive.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates:  Okay good. And then if I may is there any big exposure outside of Greece and Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Spain?
Larry Zimpleman:  Maybe Ill have Julie cover that if thats okay Stephen?
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates:  That would be great.
Julia Lawler:  Well we dont have a lot of exposure outside to banks at all other than the Spanish banks. And our US exposure to Spanish banks is about $175 million. But I would say that really is exposure to the two largest global banks domiciled in Spain which would be Banco [Santander] and [BBD Bank] so were very comfortable with those exposures.
Operator:  The next question will come from Andrew Kligerman  UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Just shifting over to the health and specialty areas starting with the health insurance. It looks like you had a seasonally favorable loss ratio, but membership count came down by 21% year over year. The [laps] rate was 13%. Maybe a little color of stabilizing the number count?
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay I didnt know again if you want to go with both of those yet Ive
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Ill go with the special. Ill follow up with specialty in a second.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay well Ill make a couple of comments and then have Dan talk about the health membership. Again I think weve said consistently over the last couple of years that there are two elements to the rebuild if you develop our health strategy. The first element is to run the business in a profitable way to control the loss ratio and I think the experience of the last several quarters has indicated were very much in good shape on that. The second element which is a little bit more difficult is ultimately stabilizing and growing the membership base. We think that that should happen probably sometime in basically should stabilize that in 2010 and we would be hopeful that well start to see membership growth in 2011. But well see if Dan wants to add anything there.
Dan Houston :  Yes, maybe just a couple of comments. When we did our analysis on the cases that we actually lost we saw that the average loss ratio in the cases lost were 122% so, again we lost the right cases. Were being more thoughtful in our renewal efforts. The best way for us to turn around this business is to make some modest investments in certain areas. One is around network development which were doing in Tennessee, were doing in Georgia, were doing in Texas. This will take several years for us to turn this business unit around but the network development clearly is a big part of that turnaround strategy as well as renegotiating some of our leased networks. And then maybe the last comment is related to the healthcare reform. We dont have all the answers today and were studying that very closely. And again this minimum loss ratio is one of the key drivers that well have to respond to very quickly here in the course of the next couple of quarters.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  And then just tying in the specialty difficult loss ratio of 84.5%. I think during the commentary you implied that it was more of a blip. But as I take a step back and I look at the pressures on number count and health I know youre saying your, it sounds like your fixing it or it may even be fixed, but any change in the thinking about whether or not to retain these businesses? Are they really a cross sell and perhaps they should be divested?
Larry Zimpleman:  Im not sure if your comment or your question was really in regard to specialty benefits or health or all of the above. [crosstalk]
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  I think both, I think just both.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes. Let me just make a couple of comments generally. Again I think that one of the reasons quite frankly Andrew that we have come through the financial crisis in 08 and 09 in my opinion better than many of our peers is because the balance and the risk diversification that we have in our businesses. And one big element of that is the risk based nature of those businesses. So, I actually look at 2008 and 2009 and I think it was actually very beneficial for the organization to have those businesses and to have the relative stability of the operating earnings that they provided. And Im very very much aware of that as we go forward. And I would be very concerned about anything that would tend to cause the loss in the diversification. Second thing is obviously I think we continue to do a good job of managing it financially or at least remain above a 15% level which I think is a very very strong performance. And third Id just say that any sort of sale that would result from those businesses and I dont know why I do that since I like the diversification and the return, but any sale that I would make of those would end up being a dilutive sale by the time I ended up paying taxes, losing the covariance benefits and then having to deal with orphaned overheads. So, it doesnt seem to me given the significance of those businesses to our S&B strategy that I can find very much reason to want to do that.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Thanks Larry and just two or three quick stats. Just statutory operating in net income and then any potential RBC charge coming on commercial mortgage loans. I know the NAIC is thinking about raising the charge on that so, just those stats?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes Im not sure if youre asking for first quarter. You wanted stat numbers-
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  [inaudible]
Larry Zimpleman:  --I assume youre asking first quarter and-
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Correct.
Larry Zimpleman:  Again Id say were studying that. We have a different view of that as do many of our peer companies in the ACLI. I think the significance of that would be around $250 million to $350 million. Thats not insignificant but again its about 25, 35 basis points. Ill have Terry cover the statutory.
Terry Lillis:  The statutory [inaudible] operation was about $140 million as the first quarter and the net income was about $59.4 million.
Operator:  The next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan  
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan :  I had a question first on your health business. You did mention the seasonality and Im just trying to get an idea on how seasonally, like is this going to be similar to the first quarter of last year or is it going to be similar to how 2008 or 2007 looked in terms of earnings? What I mean is in the first quarter of last year I think in the health business it accounted for about 84% of the earnings in 2009 and if you use that as guidance then that would imply earnings of about $30 million this year in the health business so, not sure if you can comment on that? Second I had a question on 401k flows. Your commentary on the pipeline has been relatively positive for a while and the sales havent really gone through. So I was wondering if you could maybe speak about what is it thats causing people, clients to be reluctant who are in the pipeline from actually just putting business towards Principal?
Larry Zimpleman:  I guess Ill start with your second one I guess and maybe I just see it a little bit differently. But I think at $1.7 billion of sales in first quarter I think thats a significant improvement and it does reflect I think all of the elements that we have been talking about over the last couple of quarters. As again we understand this business well. We get creative pipeline. That leads to opportunities. That leads to close ratios. That leads to business. That leads to transfer deposits. So, I think all the elements are working and I think again its just a matter of understanding this takes two to three quarters but I think at $1.7 billion thats a very very solid result and does I think back up all the comments weve made. In terms of health I guess what I would say and maybe Dan will want to comment, but I would say youre not out of the ballpark with the estimate that you gave.
Dan Houston :  Thats correct. Thats probably a pretty good estimate. The other thing that I would remind you of that were doing in 2010 that we didnt necessarily execute on. 2009 is the deployment of this network development. Again this does take resources and it requires you to be on the ground and the markets to be identified with personnel. Working with doctors, working with hospitals, obtaining the appropriate discounts, renegotiating with existing lease networks and then some technology investments we're making to get ourself up to speed on claims processing and data management.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan :  And you mentioned the expected slowdown in the second quarter because of seasonality. But just to get an idea on what your flow expectations are, I think the past couple of years about half of your flows roughly in the 401k business have come in the first quarter. Is it reasonable to assume that the relationship won't be too different this year, or are you expecting a big ramp up in the second half?
Larry Zimpleman: Well this is Larry, Jimmy. I guess I would say that all that depends on your view of the economic recovery. And I think that in your view of when, particularly the SMV sector, is going to start to see recovery. And I think that a reasonable expectation would be is it will probably be a little bit more of a back loaded year.  But that's again, not based on anything other than I think a working assumption that the recovery will be somewhat slow and steady, but will build over time. And therefore we will see continuing increases as each quarter goes forward. But we will see seasonally low sales in the second quarter and we'd probably see it build a little more toward the end of 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc 
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc :  I wanted to focus on the FSA segment again. If I look at the revenue margin, and by that I mean the fees to average, as it's under management. It seems like we're continuing to see some downward pressure there. Based on my math it was 82 or 83 basis points in the first quarter versus 86 full year 2009, and something in the 90 to 100 basis point range in prior years.  So can you provide any color in terms of what's going on there? And what are your expectations in terms of this margin going forward? Should we continue to expect it'll gravitate downward, or is there the chance that it might build back up? And then I'll have a separate question.
Larry Zimpleman:  This is Larry. I'll make a more general comment, and then maybe Terry can deal with the specifics. But in terms of overall ROA, if you did the math this quarter I think it's somewhere around 31 basis points. Which is pretty consistent with I think the general range that we've communicated, which is sort of we say somewhere in the range of 28 to 32 basis points. So I think, again, things look to be very, very much along the historical trend we'd expect. I'll let Terry comment on your first part.
Terry Lillis:  This is Terry. If you look at the revenue as a percent of the account value, you're seeing a change in the mix of the account value going from a few years ago it was low in terms of general account, which has a higher revenue per account value. And then you saw during the financial crisis more focus on that, and actually an increase about a year ago in terms of the general account as a percent of the account value.  What you're seeing now as the economy's recovering is that general account is actually declining, and it's not only in terms of absolute dollars, but in terms of a percentage of the account value as well. So those higher revenue dollars coming from the general account type of investment is declining, as both a dollar amount as well as a percent. So that's contributing to that revenue decline as a percent of account value.  Now that being said, there's less cost of providing the interest credited to them, so there's an offset in the benefit claims' settlement as well. So that gets down to the point where Larry had talked about, is the return to profitability. Is even though you're seeing a decline in the revenue, you're seeing a decline in the expenses as well and improving the margin overall.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc :  I'm just looking at page 35 of your supplement where you show the FSA assets under management, and you show the general account. And to be honest, it looks like it's pretty close to $10 billion for the past several quarters, and even if I go back to '09, '08 and '07, you're still in the ballpark of $9 billion to $10 billion. So is that really the driver?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes. What you see Suneet, Terry's point is that for example, a year ago it was $10 billion on 78. Today it's about $9.8 billion on 100. So that's the point where it's declining as a percentage and declining in absolute amount. So that was really the point of his comment.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc :  And then the second question on FSA goes back to something that Dan mentioned on the last call which was some comments about aggressive pricing, and I think in particular Dan, you called out one insurance company that's in the 401k business that took down some big jumbo cases with, I think you described it as aggressive pricing. Has that moderated at all in the current quarter or are you still seeing that pressure?
Dan Houston :  That's correct. We're seeing what I would consider to be kind of a normal competitive environment [inaudible] a lot of conversation around the competitiveness. As you know, there's some regs coming out here in May for employers and in the fall for participants.  So people will certainly be part of the discussion. I would also say that as investment markets continue to return and our investment performance in our, for example lifetime funds has improved. Income funds performance has improved. That puts us in a more favorable position than it did certainly a year ago.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Llc :  So some of that activity that you talked about last quarter has kind of run its course.
Dan Houston : I'm hopeful that that's true. Yes, we don't seem to be having the exact same pressure we did a quarter ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Just two quick questions. Larry, on FSA fund flows, we have had periods in the past where fourth quarter flows as a percent of assets have been close to first quarter, below but close. And I guess without pinpointing any specific number, given the flows in the first quarter and given what you see in terms of the trends, is a reasonable guess still at this point that you can at least have a couple percent positive flows for the year?
Larry Zimpleman:  This is Larry. I didn't know if you had a couple. And again, I think that's in the range of reasonableness. Again, a lot of this will depend on the economic recovery building over time and the speed with which SMBs come back to the market. Advisors are coming back to the market, that's slowly happening. And so again, I think that's a reasonable expectation for 2010, yes.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  And then Terry, on the comments you made about international and the ROE guidance. It seems to suggest that you're going to end 2010 at an earnings level that's slightly below the first quarter, despite the earnings give up from the change in the JV ownership. And then grow earnings at sort of a 15% to 16% compound annual rate over the next couple of years; is that sort of in the ballpark?
Larry Zimpleman:  Actually, I'm going to have Norman Sorensen cover that since those are his businesses. 
Norman Sorensen:  Basically the change in ownership [inaudible] entails going from 26% ownership to 25% ownership. That is our largest operation in Latin America, and therefore the ROE will be impacted the rest of the year. So in the second, third and fourth quarter, mostly the third and fourth quarter, we will take about a $10 million to $12 million reduction in earnings. That will affect ROE of course. ROE is expected to end around 9% this year.  The growth in the business, however, will be impacted positively by the growth in the network of Banco Brasil. So the bank is acquiring another 5 million to 6 million customers through networking engagements and other acquisitions. So the growth of the business will recover to the 16% to 20% of revenue.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  I guess the question is overall, if I'm looking at the equity for this business, I think it was around $1.3 billion, based on the numbers in the supplement, at the end of the first quarter. With the change in the owners, what's going on with Brasilprev, do we need to adjust the equity at all or does that just build based on the earnings expectations going forward?
Norman Sorensen:  Equity will continue to build around our earnings expectations. The equity does not decrease from that level.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  And maybe one last quick one for Terry. Terry, on the RBC going from 426 to the estimated range of 440 to 450 in the 1Q, is that the kind of normal sequential movement we would expect to see for the balance of the year, everything else being equal?
Terry Lillis:  There's a lot of moving parts Ed, in RBC calculation. As you look for it a lot of things can happen. But right now what we're seeing is an improvement from 425 to 440 or 450 is because of the strong growth in the statutory capital. The risk based capital is basically offset. We had some drift, we had some sales, we had some freed up capital from the IO scale back as well as organic growth. And they all kind of netted off each other. So depending on what happens in the future, you'd expect to see a 440 to 450 RBC later in the year as well, but a lot of things can happen as you build up the statutory surplus as well.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  But wouldnt you expect the RBC ratio to continue to move upward considering the statutory earnings and realize losses expected to be sort of at the kind of level they were in the first quarter?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes exactly. And thats why I was saying that the statutory earnings are going to improve throughout the year. Youll have to see what happens on the organic growth as well as any drift but were not anticipating any drift so youre absolutely right you would expect to see it go up.
Terry Lillis:  Yes I think the $140 million would be sort of normal expected somewhere in the range of normal expected quarterly statutory earnings. So, on that basis that would be, thats again $140 million is about 14 basis points.
Larry Zimpleman:  Id add one more comment. We do have financial flexibility as well and we have as we pointed out $1.8 billion of excess capital above a 350 RBC range and moving that around the geography of it may have an impact on the RBC ratio as well, but its more geography of that excess capital.
Operator:  The next question will come from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  I hope this isnt too redundant on and as the questioning there but as it relates to excess capital to me the commentary from Larry was a little more open possibly to capital management.  But I was just wondering if we should think about a capital or a cash buffer that youd want to keep [inaudible] if you had kind of an explicit RBC goal for year end 10?
Larry Zimpleman:  Randy this is Larry. Id say that there is no specific goal that we have for RBC for 2010. These things are managed in a real time environment but having said that I think that were in a very, in my view were in a very favorable position on this and as Terry just said I think we have a lot of capital flexibility. Having said that I dont think that theres any senior management team or any board of directors that can come out of a set of years like 2008 and 2009 and not conclude that one of the learnings that youre going to have coming out of that is that youd probably be holding somewhat higher levels of capital going forward than you have in the past. And I think historically what weve said is that we had sort of in the old days a targeted level of excess capital $400 million to $800 million and you can think that the levels going forward will be somewhat higher than that. But at the same time I dont know that would be $1.8 billion. But we still have a number of quarters. Weve got to see an economic recovery that takes hold. Weve got to see stability in the drift which we actually saw in the first quarter. And then finally what Id say is I think that so long as the four rating agencies all continue to have the US life insurance industry on a negative outlook I think well need to see some changed views of the outlook going forward by the rating agencies in order to get them more comfortable around capital management as well. But its sort of like the [fed] with their discussion of extended period and maybe were moving to where extended period is maybe not quite as extended as it used to be.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Understood. And just a couple of follow-ups there. I guess yes, I mean more specifically with the comments earlier on the call and the NAIC proposal or at least the proposal over a couple of States for the higher base rate on CRE Mortgages. The 25% to 35% you quoted it seems a little bit higher than what some of the other companies are saying. Would that kind of take covariance and other assets into play when you estimate the RBC impact to that potential change?
Larry Zimpleman:  I think it just reflects the little bit higher level percentage of commercial mortgages, but Julia do you have any comments?
Julia Lawler:  Yes. When we calculated that thats a pretty blunt instrument so, thats why we have a pretty wide range and so right now again, we want to iterate its not decided thats what its going to be and the industry is working closely with the NEIC on a different proposal but thats why we gave the range.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  All right. If I can do one more I mean where I guess with potential capital management because you had a dividend that was higher before. Is there any preference by the board or yourself of dividend versus buy-back if the economy does support that decision?
Larry Zimpleman:  Weve never had a particular view on that one where now thats the boards never really had a specific dividend policy or [inaudible] so, again I think the board will take a look at that later in the year and well take into account a lot of factors what peer companies are doing, what the environment looks like, what our level of earnings has been in the meantime, but theres certainly, this has been a good quarter. Its a very very solid start to the year as I indicated and again so far the business is emerging in line with or slightly better than what our expectations would have been. So, I guess Ill leave it there and see how the rest of the year goes.
Operator:  The next question will come from John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Terry, I was hoping we could talk about items in the first quarter results that you would highlight as things we should not be expecting and to run right into second quarter. I know you touched in your remarks about life and health and principal international and investment only. I was hoping you could also address the sustainability of the earnings and [inaudible] annuities it appeared and maybe you already touched on this in response to a question earlier on the makeshift in FSA but on both FSA and annuities it looks like the benefits expense and [inaudible] remain below what youd have at least historically talked about as a long-term normal assumption?
Terry Lillis:  John youve got a lot packed into that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Well how about let me, are FSA and annuity earnings sustainable? Hows that?
Larry Zimpleman:  My view is that they are sustainable so market levels remain. But Ill have Terry comment on that.
Terry Lillis:  Yes John. As we look at the $0.79 EPS for this quarter and we attempted to normalize it by saying we took $0.03 off because of the investment only business and a few favorable items there. We think that $0.75/$0.76 is a real good run rate for a first quarter earnings number.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Okay.
Terry Lillis:  You know we dont want to get into the point where you take that times four because there is seasonality of some of the businesses. For example; the health businesses as we talked about earlier-
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  No doubt.
Terry Lillis:  --you are going to see a decline in earnings or not necessarily a decline in earnings but less earnings in the last three quarters than you do in the first quarter.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Yes.
Larry Zimpleman:  You also in the seasonality of our group life in our dental business that has seasonally low earnings in the first quarter and you should see some pick-up in that throughout the year. The investment [crosstalk] Is scaling back and were not going to go ahead and make any estimation of the opportunistic [MP] and buy-backs that weve had in the first quarter so, that you need to take into consideration. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Okay.
Terry Lillis:  And as [inaudible] mentioned earlier the change in ownership in Brazil [inaudible] will have more of an impact in the third and fourth quarter more in that $10 to $12 million range and then half of that in the second quarter. So, that kind of says that 75/76 normalized first quarter number will decline over the year, you know, but at the same time, but Larry made a comment was the operational leveraged that were seeing the operational efficiency that were seeing in the full service accumulation business and the other accumulation businesses such as PGI as well. Youre going to see that continue as the market moves up the revenues increase, will not see expenses grow as fast as revenue growth.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  Okay, thats really helpful. Then just a quick data point and follow up to the question on RBC. Assuming in the move from 426 to an estimated 440 to 450 that there was no dividend from the life company to the holding during 1Q. Do you expect any dividends during the remainder of the year as your cash balance of the holding companys sufficient?
Terry Lillis:  Yes John this is Terry. You know the cash balance that we have at the holding company is sufficient as you know. We have very little need for cash at the holding company. We have our debt as well as our preferred shares and any comments stock dividends that we do year-end. We dont have a maturity of any debt until 2014 so, little need for it.  But we do have the capability and we do have the flexibility to move over $600 million out of the life company to the holding company and we just have to determine what is the best place for that, what is the best use for that capital. But we do have that flexibility between now and the end of the year as you are absolutely right we didnt do anything in the first quarter in terms of dividend or a return of any [inaudible]
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach:  So is it fair to say then Terry, that you might decide to take a dividend out of the life company despite not necessarily needing that cash with the holding company just because if you go through this whole year and you dont you lose that opportunity?
Terry Lillis: Thats absolutely right because it does give us that financial flexibility to have it in  [crosstalk]
Terry Lillis: -- life company, and as you know, we do have limitations as to how much we can move out of the life company in a given year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse 
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse : My two questions are first, on SFA net flows, do you expect the normal seasonality just between 1Q and 2Q that weve been seeing for the last two or three years that is about a little more than $1 billion reduction of net flows sequentially, or is there something different about this cycle because you might be seeing more of a cyclical improvement . For Terry, on t he full service accumulation income statement, are the revenues on the general account product just net investment income or do you also earn fees there? Then Ill have a follow up on that.
Larry Zimpleman : I guess on the first one what I would say, Dan may want to comment, I think you would want to line up generally normal historical trends around net flows between 1Q and 2Q. The only thing that could be maybe a slight positive helping those is that again, we saw some drop off in recurring deposits last year as a result of primarily reduced or eliminated matches. Those have come back to some degree in 4Q and to some degree in 1Q.  So again a little bit of it will depend on how much additional lift we get from matches that have been suspended or eliminated in 2009 but that will be restored coming into 2010. We still havent seen the full impact of that, but I think that covers flows and maybe Terry can cover the second question.
Terry Lillis : Youre generally right that the revenue off of the general account is typically the net investment income. There is some through pricing. There are some fees but theyre very minor, so for all intents and purposes, youre absolutely right.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse : Just to follow up and I realize you may not have an explicit number so general would be great. The after tax ROA you think youre making on the general account, would it be substantially higher than your 28 to 32 basis points, understanding theres obviously going to be capital you need to hold, but can you give me order of magnitude, what kind of ROA you think you make on that particular offering?
Terry Lillis : Youre absolutely right, there is a more risk associated with the general account and so youd expect higher ROA on it. The order of magnitude is youre looking at 60 to 75 basis points of after tax profitability on that type of business versus a mutual fund which doesnt have as much risk associated with it and therefore less capital need as well.
Dan Houston : The only clean up I would do on that is remember that from an ROE perspective, the general account wouldnt be or have as high of an ROE as it does when its in separate accounts. The other thing Id say is obviously there is much more free cash flow coming off of it when it s in separate accounts. So it s really a trade off of somewhat higher revenue and what appears to be somewhat higher margins for a lower ROE and less free cash flow. So those are the kind of tradeoffs that are involved. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman : Thank you again t o all of you for joining us and we appreciate your continuing interest. Were going to stay very, very focused on execution in the coming months. Again, were very pleased. We have a strong start to 2010 but we know there remains many challenges and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. Thanks for your ongoing support.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8 pm eastern time until end of day May 18, 2010. 66747663 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for the US and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers. Thank you, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Graf - SVP, IR Larry Zimpleman - CEO Terry Lillis - CFO Dan Houston - U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance
Analysts:  Jimmy Buhler - JPMorgan Andrew Kligerman - UBS Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Colin Devine - Citi Jeff Schuman - KBW 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's quarterly conference call. As always if you don't already have a copy, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO, Larry Zimpleman; and CFO, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we'll open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are, Dan Houston, U.S. Asset Accumulation and Life and Health Insurance, Jim McCaughan, Global Asset Management, Norman Sorensen, International Asset Management and Accumulation and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Larry?
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Tom and welcome to everyone on the call. The fourth quarter was a period of modest economic recovery with continuing improvement in credit markets and a more positive tone for the equity markets though challenges remain. I'll focus my comments on fourth quarter and 2009 results with Terry providing additional detail and then close with some thoughts about 2010 and where we stand in implementing our strategy for growing our fee based global asset management and accumulation businesses.  Given overall market conditions, we view fourth quarter results as solid. In a year that demonstrated the benefits of business and investment portfolio diversification and the resilience of our businesses. Strong improvement from U.S. Asset Accumulation and Principal International drove total company operating earnings up 12% from a year ago quarter. These two segments added $44 million in operating earnings reflecting higher average assets under management, strong expense management and the benefit of having vibrant businesses in emerging international markets which have not been impacted as significantly by the economic recession.  Principal International delivered $870 million of positive net cash flow for the quarter. Other highlights include total company return on equity of 10.6%, a 40 basis points sequential improvement due to growth in our fee based high return businesses. Continued strong performance from the investment portfolio with net realized capital losses of $59 million, a level comparable to the second and third quarters, and continued improvement in net unrealized losses about $350 million for U.S. invested assets in the fourth quarter with credit spreads narrowing by about $1.2 billion partially offset by an increase due to higher interest rates. Because of our strong asset liability management, this increase in interest rates is not an economic issue.  We view 2009 as a very solid year for the Principal. During some of the most challenging capital market and economic conditions in 75 years, we delivered $804 million of operating earnings, a decrease of only 15% and $590 million of net income and increase of 39%. GAAP book value including other comprehensive income more than tripled from a year ago to $23.05 per share as of December 31, 2009 reflecting the significant turmoil and ill liquidity in the market at that time.  During the year, our assets performed in line with our expectations as did our liabilities. We saw a $6.3 billion decline in net unrealized losses in 2009 with $8.2 billion of improvement from credit spreads narrowing partially offset by a $1.9 billion increase due to higher interest rates.  Assets under management improved $38 billion in 2009 to $285 billion creating the opportunity for earnings growth in 2010, and our GAAP balance sheet was strengthened by more than $2 billion in 2009 as a result of the equity and debt raises along with strong net income. In total, we entered 2010 in a stronger and more competitive position than at any time in our history as a public company.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes to discussing where we are in the process of economic recovery and how that may impact our businesses in the short term. As we have said many time before, we have always been very disciplined about the liabilities we put on to books as well as where we invest our capital in order to produce the best long-term return for shareholders. During 2009, we scaled back the investment-only business as part of our overall capital management efforts. In line with our goals for the year, the investment-only business is now just over 25% of general account liabilities without reduction in the block freeing up $165 million of capital. Our current plan is to continue to scale back this business as much tighter spreads in the market today are resulting in a return on capital that we do not believe is attractive. Now let me turn to full service accumulation and the impact of the economic recession. For the year we had net cash flow of 2.5% of beginning of year account value below our long-term target. Because of the recession, we saw a recurring deposits that is new deposits from existing clients, decline about $700 million from 2008 due to participants being laid off, matches being suspended and a slight scaling back of participant deferrals. Given that recurring deposits have increased on average by about $1.4 billion a year over the past four years, we estimate the impact of the recession on recurring deposits in 2009 to be in excess of 2.5% of beginning of year account values. The good news is that we are seeing recovery in these areas and expect that to continue as we move into 2010.  Finally the lower volume of sales activity in the marketplace and the general decline in equity values during 2008 further depressed transfer deposits that come from plans that are moved to the principal. Transfer deposits were down in 2009 by $2.7 billion or 3.4% of beginning of the year account value. Again, there is good news, we are seeing pipelines build. October and November were our two most active months of the year for court activity and on a sequential basis, fourth quarter sales more than doubled to $1 billion. So we remain confident in our ability to have full service accumulation, net cash flow get back to the 4% to 6% of beginning of year account value as more normal job market and economic conditions return.  Let me close this section by citing some third party sources that put full service accumulation, net cash flow and sales into context. According to Cerulli Associates, the economic recession caused the 401k universe to be a net out flow during 2008 and 2009. They estimate $30 billion of out outflows in 2008 and $43 billion of outflows in 2009 with outflows expected to improve in 2010 as the economy continues to recover. Compared to that full service accumulation had net inflows of $5.5 billion in 2008 and $2 billion in 2009.  The life insurance marketing and research association or LIMRA, regularly reports key 401k metrics. So let me mention a few key findings from their most recent survey through nine months. We were one of the only three firms adding more than 100,000 participants. We were one of only four firms adding more than $2 billion in 401k assets. And we were one of only five firms adding more than 1,000 plans.  In summary, while the economic recovery will continue to cause some challenges, we remain confident in the competitiveness of our 401k and defined contribution products, and we believe more normal growth will resume for full service accumulation over the next few quarters assuming employment recovers.  I'd like to conclude my comments with some thoughts about our progress in implementing our small medium business, asset accumulation, asset management strategy and how that positions us for the success over the longer term. While we want to maintain a well diversified and small medium business focused business strategy, our priority is growing our U.S. retirement business including full service accumulation, mutual funds and separately managed accounts along with our international accumulation businesses and our global asset management business. Beyond offering a stronger growth profile, these businesses are fee-based high return businesses that require minimal capital for growth.  As a result of this strategy, we have seen strong assets under management growth since 2001 despite essentially flat markets. Total assets under management are up $186 billion for our compounded annual growth rate of 14%. During this period, we grew full service accumulation account values by $53 billion, an increase of nearly 125%. But what may have escaped this much attention is growth in other areas.  Principal Global investors with $66 billion of higher third party assets under management, an eight-fold increase, Principal International with $31 billion of higher assets under management, also an eight-fold increase, and Principal funds with $25 billion of higher account values of four-fold increase.  Going forward, our ability to continue to grow the U.S. retirement businesses will depend upon our success with independent distribution particularly our key aligned partners such as Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, UBS, Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo. We have been working diligently to build deep and lasting relationships with these partners. Despite the market turmoil in 2009, we generated $8.5 billion of sales from independent distribution for full service accumulation, mutual funds, and separately managed accounts. This translates into a three year compounded annual growth rate in excess of 15%. So it is clear, we are making very good progress in our efforts to build lasting relationships across the full range of asset accumulation products in our most significant channel. Future success for Principal International will result from successfully exporting our U.S. retirement expertise to selected key emerging markets in Latin America and Asia. In Latin America we've achieved a compounded annual growth rate of more than 20% over the last five years where both operating earnings and assets under management. The memorandum of understanding with Banco Brasil provides for extension of our exclusive relationship for another 23 years. While the change in ownership percentage from 46% to 25% will have an impact on near term results, the increased sized and reach of Banco Brasil enhances the long-term growth potential in this key market. We're implementing the same model in high growth market in Asia that is, to combined or retirement and asset management expertise with strong local distribution partners.  In China for example, we increased assets under management by $1.4 billion or 30% in 2009, and in Malaysia, our asset management expertise was recognized by Asia Asset Management with CIMB Principal Asset Management named best institutional house of the year and CIMB Principal Islamic named Islamic Fund House of the Year.  Finally for Principal Global investors, our key will be a disciplined focused effort to manage assets appropriate for retirement and other long-term investments while employing our multi-boutique strategy to drive assets under management growth. Reflecting the success of our multi-boutique strategy, each of the three boutiques we've had for more than four years, Columbus Circle, Post and Spectrum has a compounded annual growth rate for assets under management in excess of 25%.  In closing, we enter 2010 with a well crafted strategy focused on high growth, high return businesses with diversification to see us for challenging times. We believe that served us well in 2009 and it will allow us to achieve our longer term goal of 11% to 13% growth in earnings per share as markets continue to recover along with the economy. Terry?
Terry Lillis: Thanks Larry. This morning I am going to focus on four areas. I'll cover operating earnings, and how the results are emerging as the economic recovery builds, our covered net income including performance on the investment portfolio. I'll provide an update on expense management and I'll wrap up with some comments on the strength of our position as we enter 2010.  Starting with fourth quarter 2009 results, total company operating earnings improved $22 million or 12% compared to the year ago quarter. This reflects 6% higher average assets under management and strong expense management. Two segments drove the improvement. U.S. asset accumulation earnings improved $23 million or 22% on $7 billion or 4% higher average at comp values.  Growth for the segment was even more impressive, up $47 million or 70% excluding results for the investment-only business which as you know, we are scaling back. The accumulation businesses added about 2% net cash flow and the guaranteed businesses generated negative net cash flow reflecting our scale back of investment only. Principal International's earnings improved $21 million more than doubling from a year ago quarter. Roughly half of the improvement reflects strong performance on a local basis with the increase also reflecting recovery and macro economic conditions as well as a $3 million after tax from realized capital gains in Brazil. Principal International added $11.5 billion of assets under management during the year to reach a record $34.6 billion at year-end. The gain was driven not only by market performance and favorable currency movements, but importantly by record net cash flows; $3.2 billion or 14% of beginning of the year assets under management. Global Asset Management earnings were down on a reported basis, but up 35% excluding earnings and certain post advisory contracts which were sold in first quarter of 2009 and performance fees in the prior year quarter of about $16 million after tax on a contract where performance fees are determined every five years. On a sequential basis, total company earnings were down $38 million or 16%. The variance reflects a number of items, the largest being seasonality of health division claims and benefits in third quarter 2009 from early redemption of MTNs and lower back amortization expense. Excluding items impacting comparability between periods, earnings improved 9% sequentially on 5% higher average AUM demonstrating that we are continuing to see positive operating leverage as our assets under management build. Fourth quarter was also another solid quarter for net income at $142 million. Net realized capital losses in fourth quarter 2009 were $59 million compared to $189 million of losses in fourth quarter 2008. Compared to a year ago quarter, fixed maturity credit related impairments and sales were down $43 million, an improvement of 42%. Losses on commercial mortgage home loans were up only $1 million or 7% and had been fairly stable over the past five quarters. We expect total credit related realized capital losses to decline in 2010 with improvement in corporate credit losses more than offsetting higher losses from commercial mortgages and CNBS. I'd also reiterate our expectation that over the course of this cycle, losses on our commercial mortgage home loan portfolio would come in around 2% pre tax. These results demonstrate the organization's discipline and investment expertise. Our strong asset liability management process, discipline around the liabilities we take on and the assets we match against them enable us to avoid selling in an ill liquid market.  In our expertise and corporate credit and real estate coupled with adherence to internal credit exposure guidelines, has helped us keep losses to a manageable level. We are very confident in our investment portfolio and the strength of our capital and liquidity. We are now positioned to take advantage of opportunities to improve return on invested assets, but as always, will do so with discipline particularly given the ongoing uncertainty in the environment.  Moving to expense management. We reduced the fixed component of compensation and other by approximately $290 million or 16% compared to 2008. This translates into a reduction from our original 2009 budget of more than $400 million.  Let me close with a few thoughts on the strength of our position as we enter 2010. Principal Global Investors starts with $205 billion is assets under management, an increase of 8%. Combined, account values for full service accumulation and mutual funds total $127 billion, both businesses up 20% from a year ago.  Finally, Principal International starts the year with a record $35 billion of assets under management, 50% higher than when we started 2009. As a quick reminder, several items will impact comparability between 2009 and 2010, continued scale back of investment only, the change in our economic interest in Brazil (inaudible), our investment in the health division and an increase in weighted average shares outstanding.  That said the increase in assets under management and account values from a year ago positions are fee based businesses, businesses that are not capital-intensive and do not rely on general account guarantees for strong revenue growth in 2010.  Let me also comment on our risk-based capital ratio and capital position going into 2010. As of year-end, we estimate our risk-based capital ratio to be in the range of 415% to 425%. We also have substantial cash at the holding company providing additional flexibility. Relative to 350% RBC ratio; we had $1.5 billion of total excess capital at year-end, about half at the life company and half at the holding company.  Clearly, we have continued to effectively balance our focus on operating earnings growth with disciplined and managing our capital. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jimmy Buhler of JPMorgan. 
Jimmy Buhler - JPMorgan: I have a question on your FSA business. On the sales, just what the pipeline looks like, you've been positive on the pipeline for a while, but the absolute level of sales have been somewhat weak, and I think last quarter, you had mentioned that you expected a billion in the fourth quarter, that's what you saw. Any sort of outlook for what you expect in the first quarter. It would be helpful if you're willing to share that, and then related to that, the withdrawal rate seems to be picking up even if you look at it as a percentage of average accounts value and just wanted to see what the drivers are behind that?
Tom Graf:  I'll turn it over to Dan for a little bit more color, but as we've said in our comments over the last couple of quarters Jimmy, we are generally seeing an increase in pipeline quarter-over-quarter and you are seeing that now start to translate into sales. One another things that needs to be factored into this is that the time it takes from sort of when things enter pipeline into when it turns into solved cases, can often be somewhere between two and three quarters, but as I said in my comments we are seeing that build in terms of which we are all, again one other things I would say here is a general comment before I ask Dan to comment further is that we have always described withdrawals Jimmy as being somewhere in the range of about 16% to 18% on an annualized basis and that usually comes from about 10% to 12% member withdrawal and about 6% to 7% sort of employer base withdrawal. And that's generally the area within which the withdrawal are staying. The comparison to 2008 as we have said before is always a difficult one because 2008 was far and away our best year for retention both at the member level and the contract level. With that let me have Dan, give you a little bit more color.
Dan Houston: Yes. And again thanks Larry. Couple of comments it relates to withdrawals for 2009. In the first half of the year reflecting layoff we saw about $700 million up higher than normal member level withdrawals and the second half member level withdrawal actually kind of return to what we would call a normal level, third quarter of '09 member level withdrawals were about 2.5% points of beginning of quarter account balances in fourth quarter was 2.4%, so about to push during that period of time.  If we shift our attention in the contract level withdrawals they were better in the normal in 2008 talked about that in the past. In the later half of 2009 they actually picked up and there is number of reasons for that or addressing them in a number of ways, the first way in which we are addressing is adjusting our service model which enable us to be more competitive while maintaining pricing discipline on that block of business.  The second is to aggressively push for enhancements to our Principal TPA Edge program offering third-party administration more choice and flexibility of servicing these clients. If we try to just normalize the fourth quarter results as we've discussed earlier the difference in large part between our historical loss and withdrawals for employers versus the fourth quarter is the difference of about 0.6% which equates to about $500 million during that period of time.  We did lose one large client nearly $300 million and we lost a stable value contract that would have been about [7] and so again when you start normalizing these results you can see that again we focus our attention back to our track new business and get recurring deposit going back and in the right direction.
Jimmy Buhler - JPMorgan: And any comments on whether the $1 billion in sales should get better form here for the next few quarters or not.
Dan Houston: Certainly right now we are anticipating a relatively strong first quarter that number right now is estimated between $1.5 and $1.7 billion from what we know today perhaps a better way to start looking at pipeline. If we look at pipeline created in the month of January of 2009 that was $2.7 billion, if we look at that second timeframe for 2010 that number is now $3.6 billion. So nice improvement and created pipeline for just the month of January so it does feel like there is a few things loosening up that the advisors are getting the attention of plans sponsors to start having discussions around the plans. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman of UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: A few quick technical questions, first how much did MBS re-rating help the RBC ratio? And then with regards to RBC improving to 415 to 425, excess capital remained flat at $1.5 billion, why was that the case and then lastly on DAC, FSA and annuities, the DAC figure looked a little light. I wanted to make sure they weren't any unusual items going forward. 
Larry Zimpleman: I guess I'll just have Terry take all three of those Andrew. 
Terry Lillis: Andrew, this is Terry. The RBC improvement due to the, there were two adjustments that were made this quarter. Realpoint, as well as the Pemco solution for RMBS and the Realpoint was for CMBS, and that had an impact of about 20 points on RBC factor. We also as you mentioned earlier that the excess capital didn't change from the last quarter to this quarter. But we did move $300 million down from the holding company down to the life company, which also helped, improved the capital ratio.  As far as DAC for the fourth quarter, which you saw was an increase in the DAC amortization this quarter over last, predominantly due to the lack of favorable DAC on locking in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. As far as unusual items, I don't think there is any thing unusual in that, but DAC also will increase as the earnings increases because that's just the way the DAC calculation works, that factor apply to the expected gross profits. You would expect to see that DAC in some place in the $25 million range and so it was around $21 million this quarter. So it's creeping up into that more normalized range. 
Operator:  Your next comes from the line of Randy Binner of FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Couple of policy related questions. First is on DRD, the administration put on as budget of all that the DRD benefit maybe narrowed and I just wanted to get a sense if you could quantify the potential impact of that in 2011 based on what you understand to their proposal?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, we have made few comments on that, this again as you know Randy DRD has been mentioned in administration budgets for a number of years though it's certainly something that has been under discussion but I'll also say that you have seen no real efforts to this point on the part of congress to do anything. The impact of DRD as a practical mater on principal continues to sort of come down year-by-year and a lot of that is a result of more and more of the assets going into international equity which doesn't get the benefit of DRD and more and more assets going into the mutual fund chassis which also doesn't get DRD. So the impact of DRD continues to come down, its in the range of about $70 million on annualized basis which again is probably somewhere in the range of $0.20 or so.  We continually are told that if there were to be any change then I again would emphasize, if there were to be any change it would be very much of a graded in prospective change phased in over a recently long period of time like 5 or 7 years. So, I think in terms of impact on the organization we have plenty of opportunity to decide what would be the appropriate actions to take to mitigate any actions that congress might take in that area. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: That's excellent. And just another one, again not necessarily something that will happen but this anti-trust exemption there is talk of that trying to be lifted in Congress, just curious how that would hypothetically affect the health business.
Larry Zimpleman: Yeah I mean in theory it would affect all of our insurance businesses and again as I talked to our people and I read the commentary from others the legal counsel and others Randy again what I find consistently and what I hear consistently is it would have a very, very minor impact. And really I think at the end of the day this is something that is more about if you will a political sort of may be feel good situation in regard to insurance reform but as a practical matter I don't know that it would really do anything to unnecessarily introduce competition if you think about for example the health insurance business, you are going to go across state lines to buy health insurance from somebody else who quite likely doesn't have a network that's of any value to you because they operate in different states.  So again its one of those things that sort of sounds good, feels good but as a practical matter really isn't a factor today in terms of competition in the health business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath of Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Few questions on the FSA business if I could. First just the follow up to I think Jimmy's question on the pipeline I think last quarter you quantified that pipeline at $42 billion and I think you said it is higher now just wondering what sort of the nominal level of that is and then may be a more detailed question for Larry or for Dan, you had mentioned some of the struggles that the 401k industry has had in terms of generating net flows and growth and I think we all understand the reasons why but what that also might suggest to me is that some point the opportunity for plan sponsors to kind of put the screws on the industry and try to squeeze out some pricing especially as they are struggling with the impact of the weak economy. So just wondering if you could give any thoughts on that and whether or not you're seeing that in some of the quote activity that you've talked about recently? Thanks. 
Larry Zimpleman: Again I'll have Dan provide some more detailed comments, but again pipeline in general pipeline is about 30% from where it was a year ago, and we're continuing to see that sort of lift month-by-month. I would say in terms of pricing as I've said many, many times and this has always been a price competitive industry and I think that to the extent frankly, that there is price competition. It works to the benefit of the leaders in the industry of which I consider us to be among the top, so things like operational efficiency really matter, things like straight through processing really matter. And I think again we've demonstrated that and Terry commented on the positive operational leverage has been going on and I think it's going to continue to go on as hopefully the markets recover and assets rebuild.  So again, I feel very confident about our ability to operate successfully even recognizing, it's going to be a price competitive market, but Dan you want to comment further?
Dan Houston: Yeah, maybe just a couple more items, total retirement suite still for us represents about 65% of our sales still value have been dry from our clients. They are looking for coordinated approach for ESOP, non-qualified deferred comp and define contribution. Most of the questions coming around define benefit have to do with helping them either freeze those plans or terminate those plans if and when interest rates movement to direction. It will allow them to do that.  The other one I would tell you is that it highlighted the importance of this retired secure, the ability to go out, provide guidance and education to plan participants helping these plans to become more productive for plan participants and then maybe a closing comments, it relates to price, there is price sensitivity as you point out which is why we have made a decision to start bifurcating our business model. It would allow for lower price in those instances where the customer is asking for fewer services and what we provided in the past where is before as more than one size gets all bundled between our emerging dynamic and institutional we now have some flexibility that allow them to dial in that inside the services more into their interest, hopefully that helps.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: That does. Maybe just one quick follow up. In the quotes activity that you are seeing, are you seeing any aggressive pricing from some of your competitors I know you are saying it's always been competitive but perhaps more sale than in the past?
Dan Houston: I think so, you saw a couple of players in the insurance sector taking out some very jumbo cases, very large in excess of $1 billion and we have every reason to believe based upon the information we were able to ascertain through the consultant community, that was in large part of driving more net cash flow and it was profitability covering some foxed overhead expenses. But I would say there is a modest uptick in overall relative competiveness and we are certainly making all the changes we have done are expenses run rates to ensure that we should stay in pattern and still at the same time provide our customers what they are looking for and many of them still are looking for a full service bundled solution.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Got it and your comment was just brief of that, those were insurance companies, not asset management companies?
Dan Houston: I say its specifically one particular competitor in insurance sector that comes to my mind that has been very aggressive.
Larry Zimpleman: I'd say the reality Suneet is that there is much less business moving so there tends to be more focus particularly on the large plans, again if you look at our FSA sales in 2009 we only had four plans over $100 million, they just weren't out there to be had, we had 14 of those in 2008. So if and when a large plan, a jumbo plan comes to market, you in today's world you can bet its going to get a lot of attention. So again I wouldn't try to form too much of a conclusion of a handful of single cases, there's always going to be competitive situations out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Spehar of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions first on the statutory I guess Terry if we look at the combination of the capital contribution in the rerating you had like may be say 40 to 45 RBC points of benefit is that about right?
Terry Lillis: Yes, that's about right.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And if we look at can you just give us some sense as to statutory operating gain in 2009 and any reason to think that change is for next year.
Terry Lillis: Statutory gain from operations was a little over $600 million in 2009 do we expect to decrease next year, no.
Larry Zimpleman: Be about the same.
Terry Lillis: About the same
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then Larry for you the comments you made about the net flows in full service accumulation and the expectation of some I think I can't remember exactly what you said but sort of a return to more normal levels as the economy and jobs data improve, should we be looking for given what our view is, your view is on the economic backdrop and the pipeline should we be thinking about net cash flows that are positive for full year or should we be thinking about a quarterly turn in cash flows.
Larry Zimpleman: Well I think again you look at 2009 net cash flows were 2.5% of account value positive that was against an industry. It was about 1.6% of beginning account value negative, so again there was, I think it continues to demonstrate the strength and the competitiveness of our offering. So [Rule A] is projecting the net outflows for the industry for 2010. I think it depends again at on your forecast of job unemployment, and your forecast of whether the pipelines continue to come back because I said in my comments every element of it that I'm saying, as it relates to employment picture, as it relates to the investment markets, as it relates to the economy, things continue to get more positive.  So I certainly do expect that we're going to continue on an annual basis to be net cash flow positive for the business whether that returns in first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, it's a little bit hard to say, just have to remember again, we're against outflow for the industry, but we've had very positive trends, we're in very difficult times, and I'm confident about our ability to that going forward. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: So just to be clear Larry, where we sit today, obviously there is uncertainty, but where we sit today, you would expect for the year to have positive cash flows for FSA for 2010?
Larry Zimpleman: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg of Barclays Capital. 
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I'm hoping we can just sort of revisit, I know we've talked about this in the past, but I just want to really sharp it and perfect my understanding of this concept of quote activity and pipeline, and my specific question is how good or not so good should we feel about these? Obviously, it's a better thing, I mean it certainly sounds like it's a better thing to have more quote activity and a bigger pipeline, but I want to refine the idea a little bit. What exactly has to happen? What is there something could be in the pipeline, what is the definition of a deal in the pipeline and to what extent is the pipeline translate necessarily into assets or is it just sort of an indicator that may or ay not (inaudible) in terms of assets.
Larry Zimpleman: Eric, its actually really, really good question and I think one other things that I feel very good about is that our ability to be much more scientific if you were around that pipeline is much more the case today then what have been 5 or 7 years ago. So your question really is a good one and you do have to be somewhat careful in thinking about it but there is a lot of science that goes into this so I'm going to ask Dan to comment on it, we could probably go on to rest of the call, here which we are not going to do but we'll give you a little bit of high level understanding of that.
Dan Houston: I read that quote Larry to keep it somewhat short and sweet. Eric if we look at the end of 2009, the gross pipeline that we have is $46.8 billion, that's was the gross number and from that you start pairing it back down for what we view as that portion which is actionable and when we do that we get to an active pipeline at the end of the fourth quarter of roughly $29.5 or call it $30 billion.  The number I shared with you earlier was the created pipeline, the created is what comes in new during that period and in the month of January what I said was we had created a new pipeline of $3.6 billion which was up from a year ago January 2009 of $2.7 billion. So, the reality is it's a nice increase in terms of the number of advisors taking plans out a bit seeking quote etcetera.  Now it gets down to close rate and a close rate of course is our success in being able to convince both plan sponsors and those advisors that our value proposition is as good or better than the competition and of course it will be focusing a lot of time on throughout 2010.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: That's helpful. My second question Dan is actually to you, in an answer to an earlier question, I believe you were pointing out that, I think you were saying that the loss in assets at the plan level in the December quarter could be tracing good measure to one plan or was affected by the way by one plan with assets of about $300 million, leaving you and this was the result of price competition, but you are responding and I know you've touched on this but I am hoping you can even build on your earlier responses. What sort of price cutting in terms of magnitude are we seeing and are you where you need to be right now to respond to whatever discounting is out there or can we expect to lose more of this business? What's the magnitude of the price cutting and where you need to be, are you where you need to be to be competitive? Thank you.
Dan Houston:  Yeah, to that very specific question I didn't mean to overly imply that that specific case of $300 million left just because of price. It has only been with us for a few years, a consultant had brought it to us originally. It was a single case and had no prior business. It was a relationship that we had with the employer and ultimately the advisor chose to move this piece of business. I think it had as much to do with style differences and who he really wants to work with as opposed to our inability to compete on price. So again I didn't want to overly imply that that $300 million was based just on price. Did that help?
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Yeah it does, but still I have the sense from this call that not the sense, I think you folks have said explicitly that price competition is greater that it used to be and what I am trying to get to sense for is what sort of price cutting are we seeing, 20% of full service rates, 30% and can you match that at that current service levels at the current economics of your business and earned target rates of return?
Dan Houston: Yes, and so my response to that Eric was that we are looking at service models for those employers that are not wanting all of the services that we provide, that's the modular pricing discussion which we've had before. I don't feel that there is in across the board, price discounting going on. This still is very much a case-by-case scenario. Any new client, any existing client principal with more than $5 million in assets were going to actually be able to look at the profitability on that piece of business. And where you get the socialized pricing is less than $5 million and again, I would say we're very competitive in that market place. There is far more discussion about price, but that doesn't necessarily translate into or going to simply lower our price to provide the same level of services. 
Unidentified Company Representative : Eric, let me just add one other, let me step back and add one another piece of context around this, and certainly I think we all understand in terms of full service accumulation and its meaning, its importance to the company, but I think we would also be remiss if we didn't again, as we tried in our earlier comments to point out that outside of full service accumulation, whether its mutual funds, whether its separately managed accounts, and particularly as it relates to Principal International, we are building a whole set of other asset accumulation businesses with incredibly strong performance and incredibly strong cash flow that quite frankly makes full service accumulation still a very important part of the business, but let's not lose sight as to what that represents as a percentage of Principal's total asset gathering capability. So again I think we just need to put this in context against as I said earlier what the track record has been regard to both PI and PGI. So I certainly think we need to consider that as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Devine of Citi.
Colin Devine - Citi: I have a couple of questions, first on FSA and Larry I appreciate you and Dan and Terry going through why transfer deposits are down so much in fact 38.5% for the year I think. But nobody has talked about, okay is what's happening with transfer withdrawals and as far as I can tell based on speaking with Tom, recurring deposits in were down about 5.3 have pretty much kept pace with their current deposits out. So why our transfer, what is going on with transfer withdrawals? Right, because that to me seems to get the heart of the answer as to what's going on with FSA (inaudible). That's question one.  Question two, the health business, set a record loss for the quarter, as far as I can tell. In all of your comments when you talk about retirement and Principal's strategy and I think we are familiar with it, clearly this business doesn't fit. I'm not sure your group business fits. Why are you still in these businesses and why are you not been taking the action that you are doing with investment only business moving on from its frames and capital and focusing at what the Principal is really good at and then lastly, you didn't comment a lot on the President's budget and particularly one that I thought would have you pretty excited whereas the marching orders given the treasure rate try they try to figure out I guess the (inaudible) so we can get retirement income options more directly in the [401k] plans.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay, let me comment on those now, I'm sure I'll have others perhaps a along the way Colin. First of all again in terms of withdrawals, as we said before, 2008 is going to be, by definition, it's going to be a tough comp because retention was at an all time high. Having said that, I can tell you for example Colin, in 2009 the number of employer contracts, the number of employer contracts that withdrew for a variety of reasons typically moving to another platform, whatever it is, is down by about 500 contracts, is down in 2009 versus 2008.  So 2009 again you are seeing the withdrawals higher than 2008 but very, very much in line with historical trends. In terms of the health business, as I said before, health business remains the first benefit that a small medium owner puts in, it remains the most active part for many, many employee benefit advisors and so it is an [entre] for us and it gives us great opportunity to sell our other products primarily for the advisor. I certainly have mentioned in the past there isn't a lot of cross so between health and pension, but what that forgets is there is a lot of cross sell at the advisor level. The advisor who sells health insurance often sells other employee benefit products.  Now we would be the first to agree that in order to be in the business you have to have to run it profitably and if you look at the ROEs in the health business, the ROE in the health business was 15% in 2008 and it was at 11% in 2009. So I view that as acceptable performance albeit with the ROE that we have in 2009 we've got to strengthen the platform, we've got to do what we need to do to make sure we are doing the things around managing care so that we get a proper return in those businesses and I think you've seen ROEs take similar sort of trends for other competitive companies. So I think again, this is a trend that you see across the industry.  In terms of the President's budget again, I appreciate your pointing that out, I think for the first time we are seeing serious intent on the part of the administration in terms of the Department of Labor & Treasury to think about what we now need to do as a nation given that we've accumulated three point some trillion dollars of [401k] asset. What are we going to do to now ensure that that money be use for the retirement security of the baby boom generation, and we're very excited about that. As you know, we have a full range of payout solutions, and so I think again we're well positioned to be a net winner if and when Congress decides they want to do something in regards to income solutions. So let me stop there. 
Colin Devine - Citi: Okay, Larry just two quick questions coming back though; I'm still not sure or it's certainly not clear to me why transfer deposits have fallen so much. I get that there is no cases moving around, but transfer withdrawals appear not to have fallen at all, and maybe you can put hard dollars on to that, and that would help to clarify the situation, and then secondly, with respect to the health business, should I infer from your comments that you do not believe you could take the capital, that is the very capital in terms of the business that is supporting that business, and redeploy into your pension businesses to achieve an even superior return?
Larry Zimpleman: Right now on the second one, Collin, right now they are about a push, in terms of those businesses. And again, we're going to have to do the things over the long-term, and is in fact it's proven that we're not able to earn an acceptable rate of return. This is a management team that is demonstrated in the past that we know what it means in terms of running businesses for the long-term interest to shareholders. So, that's really all I think I want to say on that. I'll ask Dan to see if he can do a better job on the withdrawal question. 
Dan Houston: I'll give a shot, Alan. FSA net cash well, if just look at these contract level withdrawals as a percentage of the average account value themselves. You go back and look at that timeframe from 2005 to 2007 and it would have been a negative 6.4%. If you jump to 2009 that number was 6.7% and that's a percentage of average account of value.  Our comparison here in 2008 was the best we ever experienced which was minus 5.3%. So again, yes the contract level withdrawals are higher but at the same time I would argue that it is a very unusual time. If you want to look specifically at contracts, the difference in contracts from '08 to '09, we wrote 988 fewer actual contracts. We also had 260 increase and the number of plans that terminated, these were vaporized, these are gone, no longer a plan, they didn't transfer anybody else. We actually saw an improvement of 537 fewer contract lapses between 2008 and 2009. So again we attribute a lot of this to just how this disrupt this economy has been throughout 2008 and end of 2009. We're hopeful that 2009 start's bringing reoccurring deposits back, bringing back transfer assets and a slowdown to some of these plan terminations.
Colin Devine - Citi: So you are saying its plan termination that's the culprit?
Dan Houston: Well there is 260 more this year in 2009 than there were in 2008.
Larry Zimpleman:  But again, I would emphasize at the overall level the sort of 6% level than Dan's talking about, Colin that very much inline with historical trends. That's really not that much different than what it's been over the last 10 years. So, we need to move on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schuman of KBW.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Wanted to talk just a little bit more about health insurance. You cleared a lot of ground with Colin but can you give me a little refresher on the background about network, its my vague recollection that at one point you're hedging your own networks and then you needed better networks so you rented them and now you are building your own networks. Am I remembering the history right or is that not right?
Larry Zimpleman: Jeff this is Larry, I would say that in general up until about three four years ago, we've used the strategy that was more likely dependent on rental networks and it became clear to us that you needed to have if you are in control, not only in order to negotiate directly but quite frankly in order to negotiate better terms under those network agreements without getting too much into the detail and so we've begun the process of creating our own networks primarily in those areas where we know we can get competitive discounts and so what that does is it puts us in more of a regional capacity and frankly it puts us in more of the geographic areas that would be, I would say sort of second tier markets. So that would include things like down through Mid West, Iowa, Missouri, Oklahoma perhaps over to Tennessee, into Georgia and that particular area so you don't see us for example, in heavy industrial areas. We don't do a whole lot on the West Coast. So that's kind of the focus and as a result of that I think in the past couple of years, we have gained much, much more control of price competitiveness as well as reimbursement mechanisms and we just have to continue to work at that and hopefully then as the economy rebuilds, you will see sort of the membership begin to stabilize and then turn around. 
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Can you give us a sense of what are the other markets, I mean if just hypothetically you wanted to transfer your membership to another party, I mean would you be able to monetize that for some value at this point and I guess what is the risk if the political climate for health insurance continues to get worse? What is the risk that value to monetize the membership actually goes down and so goes up over the next couple of years?
Larry Zimpleman: You can build a scenario anyway you want I think Jeff, as it relates to where the value may go from here. What I would say in regards to how others in the market look at it. What I would say is, what I'm told is they tend to look at it based on local markets. So you'd really don't have necessarily single players that would look at our entire portfolio and say yes, that's exactly what I want. You might have one player that's interested in a couple of states, and another player is interested in a couple of states, and so again, this isn't quite as easy as one would necessarily just assume it is from the start. So those are just things you need to keep in mind. At the end of the day, our challenge is to run it well, run it in the best long-term interest to shareholders and generate appropriate returns and that's where we're focused on doing. 
Operator: We've reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please?
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks to all of you for joining us for the call today. As we head into 2010, this management team is going to remain focused on executing our small medium business, (inaudible) centric strategy while adhering to the fundamentals to see us through the challenging times. I look forward to seeing many of you out on the road in the next few months. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 pm Eastern Time until end of day February 16, 2010. 48727511 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687. U.S. and Canadian callers 4706-645-9291 international callers. Once again, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Larry Zimpleman - Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis - Chief Finanical Officer Dan Houston - Executive Vice President, US Asset Accumulation Julia Lawler - Chief Investment Officer Jim McCaughan - President & Chief Executive Officer, Global Asset Management Norman Sorensen - International Asset Management & Accumulation Tom Graf - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Schuman - KBW Jimmy Buhler - JP Morgan Eric Berg - Barclays Capital  Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Colin Devine - Citigroup Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Dan Johnson - Citadel Andrew Kligerman - UBS Mark Finkelstein - FPK  
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Principal Financial Group, third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Tom Graf: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. A couple of brief comments before moving on: First, we want to thank you for being flexible and accommodating the change in our call time.  Id also remind you as we announced in October, weve selected December 3 to conduct a virtual Investor Day. We will announce details on how to access the webcast about two weeks prior to the event.  Moving back to the third quarter call, as always, if you dont already have a copy, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio details can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor.  Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks, then well open up for questions. Others available for the Q-and-A are John Aschenbrenner, Life and Health Insurance; Dan Houston, U.S. Asset Accumulation; Jim McCaughan, Global Asset Management; Norman Sorensen, International Asset Management and Accumulation; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companies most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. With another quarter of strong sequential improvement in assets under management, operating earnings, net income, and book value per share, we were very pleased with the third quarter performance. Our operating results for the third quarter reflect not only improvement in the markets, but also our strong operational focus and disciplined expense management.  Our general account also delivered solid performance reflecting high quality and diversification of our portfolio, and our focus on risk controls. At $185 million, the third quarter 2009 was our best quarter of net income in two years, more than doubling from a year ago. Operating earnings were $239 million in the third quarter, a decline of 5% from a year ago, relative to a 21% drop in the S&P 500 daily average, and a 10% drop in our average assets under management.  Before going into more detailed comments on company performance, I want to highlight an announcement we made last week. The signing of a memorandum of understanding to renew our joint venture with Banco Brasil for an additional 23 years. BrasilPrev is a market leader in Brazil, in-part due to the strong distribution platform of Banco Brasil, the largest bank in Latin America.  While BrasilPrev has enjoyed remarkable growth over our prior 10 year relationship, including operating earnings of 25% on a compounded annual basis over the past five years, we believe the future opportunity is even greater, thanks to recent acquisitions by Banco that further expand their distribution presence, as well as their client base, which now stands at 40 million customers. The pending finalization of this transaction is a key piece of Principal Internationals growth opportunity for the future.  Now let me turn back to company performance. I want to start by highlighting performance over the past four quarters, as these four quarters comprise the most challenging capital markets and economic environment in 75 years. Over the trailing four quarters, we delivered $780 million in operating earnings and $440 million of net income, at a time when a number of peers posted large losses.  Our operating earnings over this period are down only 28% from our highest 12 months on record, which speaks to the diversified nature of our businesses and steps weve taken to prudently manage through this environment. Here are some of the actions weve taken; reducing our dividend a year ago to conserve capital going into the crisis, reducing our expense run rate by 15% last November and making further expense adjustments in March, beginning a scale back of investment only in late 2008 in response to lower returns and to free up capital, increasing our position in cash and other liquid holdings, and repositioning our investment portfolio by reducing our commercial Real Estate, BBB and below investment grade holdings.  The Principal opened the equity markets for life insurers in 2009, with our successful equity raise in May, this lead to a successful debt raise with only a few public debt issuances in the life sector since the start of the financial crisis in September 2008. As we reflect on where we are today, it seems that capital markets aspect of the financial crisis is improving, significantly in many ways. Its now an environment focused on the economic challenges facing businesses.  The recent recession is the worst since the 1930s. Employment at small and medium businesses has been affected more than in any other post war recession. Its our belief that more normal economic growth will resume when unemployment has peaked, which we currently expect around the middle of 2010.  Longer term, we continue to believe were well positioned in the markets we serve, and that small and medium businesses will continue to be the main generators of new employment; however, until unemployment peaks, the recession will negatively impact participant count in all our benefit offerings, as well as impacting the behavior of large companies and institutional investors.  I want to spend the next few minutes covering Principal Global Investors, and full service accumulation, where the operating environment continues to present challenges. A key impact for Principal Global Investors is market volatility. Similar to the past few quarters, institutional investors continue to delay funding of awarded mandates. Weve also seen a general slowdown in search activity.  US and international consultants are reporting a decline in search activity since the Lehman bankruptcy. Were encouraged by some early signs that institutional search activity is beginning to pick up, and by the fact that we were able to generate more than $0.5 billion of non-affiliated flows in the third quarter. Were also encouraged and that were seeing some of our awarded, yet unfunded mandates fund.  As an example, in October we received about $220 million of funding from the national pensions reserve fund of Ireland, for a mandate awarded more than 18 months ago. Through nine months, Principal Global Investors have received $10.8 billion of deposits from non-affiliated clients; solid flows of new money despite a difficult market.  These flows reflect Principal Global Investors continued success in building and strengthening relationships with potential and existing clients, and in increasing the number of capabilities we have on consultants recommended list. Excluding withdrawals from three distressed investors which we discussed in last quarters call, Principal Global Investors third party net cash flows exceed $2 billion year-to-date, or 3% of beginning of year assets under management.  The poor business climate is also exerting pressure on full service accumulation deposits and net cash flow. While flows were negative in the third quarter, a quarter that usually involves lesser sales activity, flows through nine months are at $2.9 billion. This is down from the same period for 2008, primarily due to lower sales and thus lower transfer deposits which are down $2.1 billion. Businesses remained focused on surviving the recession, rather than seeking a new retirement provider.  Full service accumulation withdrawals are down in total by 6% through nine months, which is a positive result, but as you would expect in a recession, we are seeing slightly higher levels of member level withdrawals and planned terminations. However, total withdrawals year-to-date are 12% of average account value, which is below the historical average; thanks to fewer employers moving their plan to another retirement provider.  We remain confident in our ability to compete for new business, and to achieve our 4% to 6% net cash flow target as the economic recovery builds. Total retirement suite continues to provide a significant differentiator in the marketplace, making up 65% of our sales year-to-date. Alliance sales have also held up well, down only 8% through nine months as we continue to expand and strengthen our distribution relationships.  There is solid evidence that full service accumulation is beginning to build some sales momentum going into 2010. September was our best month in 2009 for plans quoted up 30% from our low in January, albeit down 20% from a year ago. For fourth quarter 2009, wed estimate around a billion dollars of full service accumulation sales, a nice rebound from our third quarter result, as we build back towards more normal sales volumes.  Let me close with a few thoughts on the future. We are seeing signs each week of an improving economy, but we know that the recovery is likely to be slow and choppy. We will continue to stay focused on fundamentals, disciplined pricing, risk management, operational and expense control, and prudent capital management. Our execution focus and improvement in the markets, is what gave our Board confidence in increasing our annual Common Stock dividend by 11% to $0.50 a share.  This ends my prepared remarks. Terry.
Terry Lillis:  Thanks Larry. This afternoon Ill cover total company and segment results compared to a year ago quarter, and provide an update on our investment portfolio. Before I start, a couple quick points that demonstrate how far weve come from the bottom in March.  Comparing September 2009 quarter to March 2009 quarter, assets under management are up $44 billion or 19% to $280 billion. Operating earnings are up $75 million or 46% to $239 million. Net income is up $72 million or 64% to $185 million, and book value per share up $13.82 or 172% to $21.85, reflecting a $6 billion pre-tax decline in net unrealized losses.  This rebound means were generating more free cash flow. It means our expense initiatives are accelerating improvement in our earnings as the market continues to recover. It means that were now positioned for double digit improvement in average assets under management in 2010 over 2009, assuming market performance of roughly 2% per quarter from September 30 levels. Importantly, it means a major shift is under way for us; one where our focus expands beyond dealing with the challenges of the economic crisis, to capitalizing on market opportunities.  Now to total company results compared to a year ago quarter. As Larry mentioned, operating earnings were down 5% or $13 million. As always, there are a number of items driving the variance in earnings between periods. Compared to a year ago, earnings were dampened by a number of factors including lower average AUM, higher cost for pension and other post-retirement benefits which we refer to as security benefits costs, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in Latin America, lower investment income, and a slowdown in the real estate markets.  Earnings benefited from lower DAC amortization expense, which reflects the strong equity performance in the third quarter 2009 versus declines in the year ago quarter and from our decision to early redeem some medium term notes. Earnings also benefited from strong expense management.  Compared to a year ago quarter we reduced the fixed component of compensation and other expense by nearly $70 million, bringing our nine month total to $225 million, a 16% reduction. These efforts have softened the impact of market conditions and positioned us to manage through a temporary decline in deposits. We had originally forecasted approximately $2.5 billion for compensation and other expense in 2009. Were now forecasting $350 million to $400 million below that run rate for the full year.  Moving to the segments; US Asset Accumulation earnings increased $18 million or 13% from a year ago quarter. Market related true-ups resulted in a $23 million after tax variance in DAC amortization expense between the periods, $36 million on a pre tax basis.  Strong market performance in the third quarter 2009 reduced expenses for the period by $18 million, and negative performance in the prior year quarter increased that periods expenses by the same amount. Excluding market related DAC true-ups, operating earnings were down 4%, as expense management substantially offset the impact of a 9% drop in average account values and higher security benefit costs.  A couple of additional comments on DAC for the segment; the variance was split fairly evenly between full service accumulation and individual annuities. Excluding the market true-ups from both periods, individual annuity earnings were up about $8 million reflecting a 7% growth in average account values, lower GMDB costs, also due to a positive market performance and reduced expenses. For full service accumulation, excluding the market true-ups from both periods, earnings were down 7%, consistent with this decline in average account values.  Full service accumulation had some additional items running through DAC this quarter that were substantially offsetting. We had a $20 million after tax write up in the DAC asset, to adjust for excess amortization expense taken in prior periods. This was offset by write-downs of the asset, due to both assumption changes and updates for actual experience.  Global Asset Management earnings of $11 million in third quarter 2009 compared to $24 million a year ago. The decline primarily reflects a 12% drop in average AUM due to market conditions which had driven down investment management fees, as well as lower transaction fees due to slowdown in the real estate market.  Importantly, we continue to capture new institutional assets as Larry mentioned. We continue to align PGIs expenses with revenues through active expense management. This is reflected in a 10% reduction in operating expenses compared to a year ago quarter, driven by a 16% reduction in compensation costs, excluding higher security benefits.  Given our credit bias which impacts both fixed income and asset allocation funds, weve seen a decline over the past year and a relative performance of the retirement plans separate accounts PGI manages. As of September 30, 39% were in the top two morning star quartiles for five year performance, versus 75% in the top half a year ago.  The recent improvement in credit spreads is driving a strong turnaround, with 67% of the fixed income and asset allocation funds in the top two quartiles for the three month performance, and 54% of the retirement plan separate accounts in the top half overall. We remain confident that our disciplined process and focus on fundamentals will prove highly competitive over the full market cycle.  Moving to Principal International; earnings were $33 million in the third quarter, a very strong result in the face of unfavorable macroeconomic conditions. A sharp decline in Latin American inflation resulted in an $11 million drop in earnings compared to a year ago quarter, and third quarter 2008 benefited by about $5 million after tax due to an unlocking for price changes in Brazil.  Unfavorable currency rate movements also masked the underlying growth of our businesses. Adjusting for these items, segment earnings growth was well above our long term growth target for this segment of 14% to 17%. Over the trailing 12 months, Principal International has delivered $2.6 billion of net cash flow, or 9% of beginning of period assets under management. This includes more than $600 million in the third quarter, driven by record pension deposits in Brazil.  Life and Health earnings were $68 million in the third quarter, compared to $74 million a year ago. Individual Life earnings improved $9 million, primarily due to lower DAC amortization resulting from improved equity market performance. Earnings from the Health and Specialty Benefits division were down from the strong results a year ago. Effective expense management and productivity gains for the division were more than offset by higher security benefit costs, lower investment income, and a reduction in membership and existing plans.  In thinking about fourth quarter 2009 results, we remind investors of the impact of health claim seasonality, and that third quarter results benefited from lower than normal DAC amortization expense, due to strong markets, as well as higher than normal earnings from medium term note redemptions.  Moving to capital; with our second quarter raises we significantly strengthened our balance sheet. As of quarter end, we estimate our Life company risk based capital ratio to be in the range of 375% to 400%, with additional financial flexibility from substantial cash at the holding company. Relative to a 350 RBC ratio, we had $1.5 billion of total excess capital as of September 30, after paying off $441 million of long term debt in August.  A couple of key points in terms of repositioning the portfolio; during the third quarter, we again took advantage of market opportunities to reduce our exposure to ratings drift risk and to certain names in the industry. We sold or tendered more than $1.1 billion of securities for a net after tax gain of $12 million, reflecting a significant improvement in average pricing from 84 in December to 102 at the time of sale. These sales emphasized reducing BBB and below investment grade bond holdings, where we believe the risk of down grade or potential default had significantly increased.  In addition to putting this $1.1 billion of cash proceeds to use, we reduced cash and cash equivalents by another $1.1 billion from mid year 2009, repaying our August debt maturity, increasing our position in government backed securities by more than $800 million, and investing in some longer term, higher yielding strategies.  We expect to further scale back our cash position over the next several quarters, while continuing to maintain strong liquidity. Weve also reduced our exposure to commercial real estate, which is down from 28% a year ago to 24% of US invested assets and cash as of September 30, 2009.  Turning to net realized capital losses, we recognized $54 million in third quarter 2009, which compared to $50 million of losses in the second quarter 2009, and $156 million of losses in the prior year quarter. Adherence to our internal credit exposure guidelines has continued to help us limit losses during this recession. Importantly, credit related losses are on the decline, down $61 million compared to the third quarter 2008, and down $22 million on a sequential basis.  Given investor interest, we continue to provide quarterly updates to investment detail on our website. Ill discuss the updates related to our commercial mortgage and CMBS holdings in our general account as of September 30. Starting with commercial mortgages, our portfolio characteristics remain strong and essentially unchanged from last quarter, with 1.8 times debt service coverage, 88% occupancy, an average 67% loan to current value.  More than 80% of the $333 million of commercial mortgages that matured during the third quarter, either were financed externally or were retained by us, meeting our current and more conservative underwriting standards. Roughly half of the total financed externally, demonstrating continued market demand for the types of loans in which we have historically invested; loans with strong borrowers, high occupancy, low loan to value, and high debt service coverage, primarily in the $5 million to $20 million range.  Of the loans we retained during the quarter, more than two-thirds met our current underwriting standards. These loans have an average loan to value of 52%, and an average debt service coverage ratio of 1.8 times. The commercial mortgage loans in our portfolio that we believe present the greatest risk of loss are those exceeding 80% loan to value, with debt service coverage of less than one-times.  Our 43 such loans totaled $541 million, represent a net increase from June 30 of $21 million in two loans, with 11 loans exiting and 13 loans entering this category. The primary reason loans exited was improvement in occupancy or pay off of the loan. Even if all these loans were to default over the next couple of years, with an average loss of 30%, this would generate total losses of only $105 million after tax, over a multi-year period; again, very manageable.  Regarding CMBS, all of the bonds were paying interest has scheduled as of the end of October. The CMBS portfolio did experience ratings drift during the third quarter. As of September 30, 2009, about $1 billion or 20% of the portfolio were in vintages after 2005 that were rated below A, which compares to about $530 million or 10% at mid year.  Importantly, despite the drift in ratings, our stress test continues to demonstrate that even under severe stress, losses would be manageable, occurring later in the cycle, and over a multi-year period. Our latest internal severe stress scenario resulted in $379 million of cumulative after tax losses, with a vast majority occurring more than three years out. Running our portfolio through two different third party models again validate our results from our internal models.  In closing, we continue to see signs that some of the environmental headwinds may be easing, and that the recession maybe nearing an end. That said, we believe the signs of a true recovery such as job growth and strong consumer spending wont occur overnight. In the meantime, we continue to control the things we can and to position The Principal to deliver sustainable profitable growth.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Shuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: I think you mentioned a couple times, that you had gains related to buying in some medium term notes. Im not sure I caught the numbers, that the first question is what was the gain and did that run through the investment only segment?
Larry Zimpleman: Ill let Terry cover that.  
Terry Lillis: It ran through the investment only line, and had about a $10 million after tax impact in this quarter.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: And whats the outlook to continue to buy in some more of that gain?
Terry Lillis: Its based upon what our own credit spread is, and as it narrows theres less demand for this, so it doesnt look like theres a lot of demand in the future for this.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: And maybe Ill sneak in one minor detail; do your excess capital estimates include the cash of the holding company and how much is the cash there?
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry, Jeff. They do include cash at the holding company; its about $1.2 billion at the holding company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jimmy Bhuler  JP Morgan.
Jimmy Buhler - JP Morgan: Larry, I just had a question on your comments on the outlook for the FSA business. You mentioned that youre building momentum, but you also indicated you dont expect results like sales inflows to improve until mid 2010. So if you could just elaborate on that and just give us an idea on how the environment is, what needs to happen for your flows to improve and your sales to pick up? Then secondly, maybe Terry or someone else can answer. I think you quantified in your press release that theres a lower DAC in the annuity business of about $7 million. The reported number is $36 million, so it implies a run rate of about $29 million for the annuity business which is a lot higher than what its been in the past. So I wanted to see if theres something else in there that you could quantify that might be non-recurring, either lower GMDB expense or something else. Thats it.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, let me comment on the first one, while I think Terry will look for the variable annuity DAC question. In terms of FSA, as I said in my comments, I mean there is an economic recession going on and I think its impacting different parts of the economy at different times.  Were now seeing that the stress and strain on the SMB sector is real. The credit is slowest to flow into the SMB sector, so certainly, their focus is as I said in my comments, more on survival than it is about trying to evaluate whether this is the time to move the retirement plan.  However having said that, there are some signs starting in about September, that things are picking up and again, that was our best month in terms of quotes added to the pipeline. So I think where we sit today, the pipeline is around 20% or so less than it would have been about this time a year ago, and that will not only build back toward a neutral position, but well obviously be quoting more plans as time goes forward, just because of some of the new relationships that we have coming on stream. For example, we mentioned in March that were bringing on the B of A Merrill Lynch relationship, and thats going to add significantly to our potential for FSA. So again, all were suggesting here is its just going to take time. Let me just turn and ask Dan if he wants to add anything to that and then well have Terry answer the other question.
Dan Houston: Maybe just to emphasize, that if we look at our alliance partnerships those sales are roughly down 8%, so were doing quite well with the most significant part of our distribution channel, which is the alliances and again its probably the insurance brokers where theyre focusing on other parts of their business, as opposed to going out and promoting retirement plans. With that Ill turn it over to Terry.
Jimmy Buhler - JP Morgan: Just a follow-up on that; if I look at the results of the other companies in the 401 (k) business have reported, it seems like flows for them are actually getting a little bit more stable, yours are getting worse. So Im not sure if the reason for that is the mix of business or anything else. I want to see if you have any views.
Larry Zimpleman: Well again, I cant really address anyone elses. I think one of the things that could be in-play, and some of the others are much smaller blocks of business than ours are. They may be fishing in different waters. I mean I would emphasize what Dan said before and Ive said this in many, many calls in the past. If you really want to judge what our long term potential around the FSA business, just watch what happens with our alliance partners, because those are those key distribution relationships that can really drive multibillion dollars of sales over annual periods.  When we look at our alliance relationships, and I could tell you weve been out to visit many of them recently, I can assure you those relationships are strong, and has those actions to where theyre now creating even bigger distribution platforms, so things like Wells Fargo, Wachovia, BofA, Merrill Lynch, and as we begin to mine the opportunity there, Im convinced well be able to grow the FSA business as we have in years past. With that Ill have Terry cover annuity.
Terry Lillis: Jimmy this is Terry Lillis. Youre absolutely right. We had a strong equity market performance that benefited the annuity line by about $7 million this quarter, so backing it off from the $36 million gets you to the $29 million. We also had just strong fundamental growth in the business too, so although the run rate is probably a little bit higher than what weve seen in the past in that $26 million range, its not too far out of line with the growth in the account value.
Jimmy Buhler - JP Morgan: Was there a release in GMDB reserves also this quarter?
Terry Lillis: We had some benefit from the GMDB because of the improvement in the equity markets as well, and that accounted for a couple million dollars. Now that could go away depending on what happens in the market, but it could improve as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg - Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital : Dan or Larry, Id like to sharpen my understanding. Maybe this is a review of exactly what we mean by quotes in the pipeline. The reason I ask the question is, if you are extending quotes unsolicitedly, which Im sure you do in order to get business, thats one thing, but its certainly not the same as customers saying Yes, were interested in moving. It costs you nothing to go out and bid on business. So what exactly do we mean by a high level of quote activity, and what do we mean by the pipeline being down 20%? What exactly do those terms mean in your vernacular?
Larry Zimpleman: You bet Eric. Good to hear from you. Ill have Dan cover that.
Dan Houston: Yes Eric, its Dan. At the most basic level, historically whether its an alliance partner or traditional employee benefit broker, they are working on behalf of their clients soliciting quotes from providers such as Principal, and right now when we say that the gross pipeline is down by approximately 20%, it tells me that theres 20% fewer small to medium size employers that are currently looking for a replacement to their existing retirement plans, services provider.  Theres very little thats unsolicited; its all solicited business on the part of the independent insurance agent or RIA or broker, and the pipeline in years past has evolved from a definite number of different angles.  One could be whether or not they want the total retirement suite; others is if they are just looking for a lower price, and right now there seems to be more interest on the part of employers, on standalone 401 (k) looking to lower some of their prices, and I would say generally, TRS continues to be very viable for a lot of employers, and thats where most of our sales activity and thats where most of our quoting activity resides today. Does that help?
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital : It does, thank you. One follow-up separate question, and then Ill give it to the next questioner. Larry, it doesnt seem like were really settling down in the Life and Health area. As I look at the number of covered members, the number of people whom you are insuring in medical insurance and in the specialty benefits area, it looks like we continue to slide. What is your latest thinking on that business? Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, I would say Eric, in terms of the Life and Health covered members, first of all, that is primarily due to what we would call in planned shrink and again, we go through a fairly deep analysis of that population month-by-month as the census data comes in, and again most of that is the result of the rising unemployment that we all see and read about every day.  So if you neutralize for that, or if you assume at some point that will start to turn, and again what I would say is we noticed that in August and September that shrink has started to be reduced a bit. I think you have to take account of that. In terms of specialty benefits, let me just say that basically most of the activity thats there today is in the voluntary area. Our voluntary sales this year are up about 26%, and the employer sales are down slightly, I think they are down about 5%.  Again that goes back to the point Dan was making, to the extent that small and medium businesses are changing providers today, the primary reason they are changing providers is for a particular cost advantage. So thats again why you see benefits moving from employer provided to voluntary, but again, most of this is shrink rather than -- its a reduction but its not necessarily like cases are going away. Its more of an in group shrink. So I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz - Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Going back to the FSA activity Larry, it would seem to me that maybe your alliance partners are helping bring quoting activity from cases that currently exist, and I realize thats mostly the case, but can you give us an idea about maybe whats going on; on a macro scale in terms of plans being terminated, employers not doing a match, maybe employers going back to doing the match, things like that?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. Ill make a few high level comments, and Dan will probably want to add to that. I would say that were seeing same trend Steven that weve talked about in prior calls, so let me review what that is.  In terms of what I would call member level behavior, in other words, are there members dropping out of plans, are there members who are cutting back substantially on their 401 (k) contributions, I think that still remains a pretty healthy situation. In large scale and large measure there are not participants withdrawing from 401 (k)s, and in general they are not reducing their 401 (k) contribution, or if you find one who is, you can almost as easily find one who is increasing it. So participant behavior is staying fairly healthy. There was a period early in 2009 where some of the employer match was being eliminated and again, there were a number of headline stories, but that was real. I think in our case, I cant remember, I think somewhere around 10% of our employers suspended their match for some reason in 2009. Now, were starting again to sort of see that come back, and I think that will come back to something fairly close to certainly where it was prior to the economic recession. The final point Ill make before I ask Dan to comment is that, just again now in the last kind of calendar quarter, we are seeing some of the very smallest employers, perhaps those say under $10 million. I said before, there is still some pain out there in the small, medium business sector, and so we are seeing a slightly higher level of plan terminations in that very small employer area, over what we saw two and three and four quarters ago.  Again in terms of the overall flow, thats not a significant item, but it is something that were watching and it does give witness to the comment I made earlier, that there continues to be still a substantial challenge out there for small and medium business owner. Now Ill ask Dan to comment.
Dan Houston: Yes, sure. To that specific point, youve got about 2% of the participants who either stopped or reduced their contributions. Youve got another 3% that have actually increased their contributions.  You might find this interesting, but if we looked at our employer groups with more than a thousand employees, we actually saw 13 of the 18 that shrank in this period of time; they got smaller as an organization, period. They went down to the next lowest category, and in that same period of time we had four grow up into that segment.  There were two of those that actually terminated the plan, so these were thousand life employers that terminated their plan and there were actually seven contract terms, and they were medium sized plans. In most of those situations they were shopping for significantly lower price and fewer services, but all in all as Larry described, its still very much a recovering cycle for small to medium size employers.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: If I may, just to follow-up, because Im not quite clear what you mean by terminated plan. Were these 40(k) plans; were these DB plans, and terminating with you and going to somebody else or actually terminating the plan?
Dan Houston: In those seven that I mentioned the contract terms are with us, they were all 401 (k) plans. In this case, one was an ESOP plan, but the others were all 401 (k) standalone plans.
Larry Zimpleman: And typically again, these might be moving for price as we were talking about before. These are typically again where they just feel a need to have to scale back in some form or fashion.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: So Im just trying to get a handle here. These plans ended, they closed or they just moved?
Dan Houston: They moved. Those seven that I just mentioned moved. Two of them terminated the plan, which means the plan no longer existed, it didnt move any place, and itll distribute the funds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Devine - Citigroup.
Colin Devine  Citigroup: I want to focus on two things, and the first just to explore a little bit more of whats going on in FSA. From the day youve IPOd, youve focused everybody on net flows. They went negative I believe now for the first time in the companies history as withdrawals continue to increase.  Quoting is down, but withdrawal is not withstanding the impact of markets on account balances seem to be continuing to accelerate, and if you say quoting activity is picking up, then it seems to me withdrawal activity would pick up as well, and maybe thats just the terminations you talked about, but why is this ratio continuing to get worse? Then the other question is really a high level one for Larry. Youve had a chance to step back after last year, you raised the capital, Principal has been through an awful lot, what has changed and what have you learned, and what are you going to change about how the company is running going forward versus in the past?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Ill comment a little bit on the net cash flow question but again, have Dan probably add to that and your other ones are very good questions. Ill come back to that. In terms of the net cash flow, again what I would start with is first of all focusing you on year-to-date results, because again, I think there can be a tendency many times to get too focused on calendar quarters and miss the other trends that are going on. So we still stand at net cash flow at $2.9 billion year-to-date for full service accumulation. Thats 3.6 of beginning account value, and thats not going to be too far by the time the year closes out, thats not going to be too far off that 4% to 6%, beginning account value that we have talked about, that sort of underlies the long term growth potential for Principal. Remember again, that is in the face of an economic recession, that is the worst in 75 years, so if there was ever a time that we were battle testing, sort of the net cash flow and the ability of this business to pick up deposits over time, I think were seeing it and Id still argue at $2.9 billion and 3.6% of account value over the course of nine months, that represents still a healthy business, albeit not what it was in 2005, 2006, or 2007.  So in terms of withdrawals, again withdrawals are actually down 6%, and thats as compared to 2008 which was actually a very, very good year for retention or said another way, 2008 is a tough comparison year for withdrawals. So again, we dont see that withdrawals are necessarily an issue, but the biggest issue again is just the lack of transfer deposits.  Transfer deposits are off about $2.1 billion versus where they were a year ago, and thats why you see the big difference in net cash flow. So as the sales pipeline picks up, as the sales once again resume youll see net cash flow go back to those historical standards.
Colin Devine  Citigroup: Okay, Larry but if transfer deposits because sales go up, why wouldnt we presume that withdrawals would go up as well, because I assume unfortunately youre going to win some cases and lose some others.
Larry Zimpleman: Withdrawals are actually down, Colin. Thats what Im saying; withdrawals are down 6% over a year ago.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: No, but what youre saying Larry is you expect transfer deposits to pick up markedly. Wouldnt the same be true for withdrawals going forward? Thats what I was trying to ask.
Larry Zimpleman: No. I dont necessarily believe that would be the case, Colin. Again what it really is, is its just a lack of business in the pipeline and while I think we have a very strong position in the 401 (k) business, we have about a 7% or 8% market share. So were going after the 92% or 93% thats still out there to get, so it doesnt necessarily mean that were going to see higher withdrawals out of our block.
Dan Houston: We also recognize that. Some of that withdrawal up-tick is due to individual planned participants who are withdrawing to use the funds in some other means. So again, some of those withdrawals are separate apart from the plan sponsor making any decision, to move their plan but rather an individual using the funds, because someone in the family perhaps lost a job or they just simply need to cash out.
Colin Devine  Citigroup: Well thats what were trying to get. The color is to understand is that, are you seeing borrowing activity up substantially or just surrenders?
Larry Zimpleman: No, were not seeing borrowing up, hardship withdrawals are up a tiny bit, but when I say a tiny bit Colin, Im talking tens of millions of dollars, so Im not talking about anything thats substantial. Let me move on and talk about your second question; in terms of we and other peer companies have come through a lot, so theres always a question about what weve learned. I think probably the number one lesson Colin that I have learned, is that liabilities make a difference, and I think that the reality of that has been proven out very, very much over the last four quarters.  I would again go back as I said earlier at $780 million of operating earnings and $440 million of net income; I would say thats a record that I would put up against any peer company, and a lot of the reason for that difference is because we have been a very disciplined risk oriented company, in terms of the liabilities that we put on to our balance sheet. So I think Id start with that one, and Id say the importance of that discipline around liabilities has been reinforced in our mind many, many times. Second thing of course is that you have to look at details. You have to understand what happens out into the far end of those distributions, and again fortunately, we have had a long history of very rigorous enterprise risk management, and I think it has paid significant dividends.  Probably the final one Ill comment on, would be that I do think that for some period of time, and I dont know what that is, but for some period of time measured in several years, I think there are going to be higher levels of capital that organizations are going to feel the need to have, and boards of directors are going to feel the need to have as compared to what they have before. I heard an enlightened analyst a couple weeks ago was talking about this Colin and they said that 12% is the new 15%, so I think that probably says it the best I can think of, relative to the reality that managements and boards are going to be requiring higher levels of capital. So those would be the three things I would go to.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Is 12% the new 15% for The Principal? 
Larry Zimpleman: No, I dont think 12% is the new 15% for The Principal, because the difference for us, Colin is we have inherently higher ROEs in our underlying businesses, but I think if your business is primarily tied up in variable annuities and you have a large block of life insurance, I think 12% might be about as far as you could go with it, but that certainly wouldnt be the case for this organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to follow-up briefly on Erics question about terminology in terms of quote activity and pipeline. Youve given us some percent changes; quote activity is up 30% or whatever the number is, but I guess what Id like to know is what the underlying assets under management or account values are that were talking about here, because that would be a lot better, a lot easier for us to incorporate into our models, sort of a quick numbers question there.  My second question maybe for Larry; longer term is, I think during this quarter I saw one of the most negative articles on 401 (k)s that Ive probably ever seen in Time Magazine. I realize that there have been some issues in terms of what that article focused on, but I guess my question for you is, do you think that this 401 (k) product needs to structurally change, particularly as individuals approach retirement?  Are there things that need to be done to protect folks, given that this has been such a big part of their retirement savings, and what are you looking at in terms of structural changes that might give you a competitive advantage in competing for this business? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, again Ill just make a comment or two, and let Dan talk a bit about quote volume, but I just want to maybe overcome any misimpression that might be out there. When we talk about quote volume, were talking about situations where an advisor or a broker comes to us with what we would deem to be a qualified prospect. So this is not a business of somehow going out, and if you will sort of manufacturing quotes or hoping on quotes.  We do have a much more sophisticated scoring process where again we evaluate through different levels of the sales pipeline, and in rough terms today, that pipeline is running about $40 billion of assets in there, so that gives you some sense of that.
Dan Houston: Yes, thats exactly right. $42 billion is the current size pipeline, and thats as we just mentioned, 20% less than what it was a year ago, and thats created pipeline, so that is what as Larry was mentioning, a feel that weve got it relatively well qualified and that is opposed to gross pipeline which we dont take the stuff thats over 12 months out of that calculation. So this is probably the best one to use for the sake of having a number to run off of.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Just one quick follow-up if I could, Larry. Just on the quote number. So, if we say that the quote percentage is up 30% and its since January through September, and I know that the market equity market is up say 17%, does that mean, is that 17% market appreciation factored into the 30% number, which means that number could be smaller? Or if the markets give back some of their performance or is that a pure sort of planned number without an asset under management component to it?
Dan Houston: There is an attempt to go in there and try to adjust it to reflect the increase in the market performance, but thats not necessarily a rigorous process. So really if it was put in there in January the chances are that number that I just quoted does not fully reflect a significant change in the market performance. If its getting close, in other words its a higher probability of closing, we will go in there and manually make that adjustment to reflect the higher or the smaller account balances based on the market performance, but again, we stratified those into about four different buckets to determine their probability of closing.
Larry Zimpleman: I guess just to deal with your other question around 401(k)s and there have been some articles, you referenced the cover story of Time that I think dont necessarily serve us well. We have the opportunity to also go around and look at other pension systems in other countries and I think I can tell you without exception based on everything Ive seen in my sort of 30 years in this business that the 401(k) system is the most successful retirement system thats operating anywhere in the world. Now having said that, there is no retirement system is perfect and so, I think its always the time to sort of sit back and perhaps evaluate whether there are ways to improve what were doing. As weve said in general, for example, around transparency. Were a big believer in transparency and so we support a reasonable transparency and I hope to heavens that doesnt mean that were all going to get a prospectus if were a 401(k) member, because I dont think thats only the kind of transparency thats helpful or meaningful, but transparency is one element. Another I think where 401(k)s perhaps take a little bit of a beating and its not really the case is that somehow, theres a perception that theres no safe option, and of course as an example, we own Morley Capital Management, which is one of the largest stable value providers. Again its just really a matter of employers offering those kind of options and participants being educated around those options that I think we just need more of that rather than kind of the some of the horror stories and headline stories weve been seeing. I guess, the last thing Id comment on is, I do think were going to have an interesting discussion over the next couple of years involving some policy makers in Washington as well as the 401(k) provider community, to see how we can do a better job of finding solutions during the retirement or the pay out phase. As you know, only about 2% of 401(k) assets get annuitized and were going to have to do a lot better around that particular point I think going forward if the 401(k) system is going to be truly successful, not just in accumulating assets, but ultimately being a system that can provide a secured retirement income. So thats probably the area that Im mostly focused on to see how we can improve in that area. In terms of principal, Im very comfortable, Im very confident about our competitive position not only because of the skills of Principal Global Investors, but Id also say our total retirement suite just continues to be a very, very unique differentiator.
Dan Houston: Larry, if I could just a couple of comments on that Time story, going off memory here. That story profiled three male individuals: one was 61, one was 63 and one was 68 and the story was more about the lack of having defined benefit plans as much as it was around 401(k). So you had two of the three individuals that were not even eligible yet for retirement, who took early retirement without having significant savings. One of the challenges the industry faces is to making sure to qualify those stories and we did responded both as an industry as a company to say that the story was frankly very inadequate in trying to articulate the challenges of 401(k) and the fact, if youre going to compete globally the probability is this country doesnt have a lot of defined benefit plans going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Im just trying to get into a core number on the quarter. I think Ive grossed up all the DAC positives and negatives to about $0.04, but could you quantify the FX and pension costs in the quarter as well?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, Randy, Ill have Terry cover that.
Terry Lillis: At $0.74 is where we were, if you adjust for those DACs, its about a $15 million positive impact this quarter so thats about a $0.05 off of that. There are a few other items that probably net out to maybe $0.01. We talked about earlier the discretionary medium term note buybacks, the Chilean deflation, higher cash balance and that probably has another $0.01 or so, probably $0.70 is probably a pretty good run rate for this quarter.
Larry Zimpleman: Does that help?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Yes, I mean just the foreign exchange was one of those $0.01 items?
Terry Lillis: Foreign exchange, I didnt bring that into it. That will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and I didnt include that. Although right now, youre starting to see some Latin American currency strengthen against the dollar, which should be a potential tailwinds for us.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Just another quick one on FSA, I think in the past you all have talked about a 30 to 32 basis point ROA goal in that segment. Is that still something we should look to when were modeling that out?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, Ill have Dan comment on that Randy.
Dan Houston: On a long term basis, Id still say thats certainly what were shooting for. Again this can be somewhat cyclical and when youve had a market sell off as much as it has in the past year thats very difficult, but over the long periods of time that close to 32 basis points so where were still targeting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Spehar - Bank of America.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America: Just a couple quick ones on FSA, the tax rate is I know its always very low in that segment, but it is actually the highest I think its been since youve been public. So Im wondering if theres any tax rate how should be think about that? Then on the capital on RBC, Larry or Terry I was wondering if you could give just roughly what the numerator and denominators are for the RBC and what the cash is for holding company, I thought you said $1.2 billion, or I just want to make sure I heard that correctly?
Larry Zimpleman: Ill work backwards. Yes, it was $1.2 billion, at the holding company in cash, so I apologize if that wasnt clear foreign theres about $300 million in excess capital at the Life company so thats the $1.5. In terms of the FSA tax rate and the RBC, Ill have Terry cover those, but I assume that the tax rate has to do with the dividend received deduction, but Terry?
Terry Lillis: The difference between a federal tax rate of about 35% and the effective tax rate for the FSA line is predominantly due to two things. One is, the dividend received deduction, and the second is tax payer investments. Predominantly though, you could calculate the difference between the 35% and the effective tax rate as dividend received deduction. Now thats been going down in the last couple of years because of a couple things: One is the less dividends are being paid right now theres more investments in fixed income investments as well as international funds and what youre also seeing is, products or investment options that are more mutual fund like and so they dont have the dividend received. In terms of the RBC, theres a lot of moving parts in the RBC calculation and right now, were estimating it to be around 375 to 400 for the quarter. Lets see, theres a couple things that came into play there that we had a 440 RBC at the end of the year and we reduced it by about 65 percentage points due to a dividend that we paid up to the holding company in March. We also had a capital infusion in May right after our equity rise of about $500 million, which improved the RBC by about $50 million. We have had some credit drift this quarter and the year-to-date of about $850 million and that had about an 85 basis point impact on RBC, but it was offset by some of the sales that were generated this last quarter that generated $1.1 billion that I mentioned in my earlier comments. There is also some statutory earnings and other gains of about 20%, plus there is a potential impact of the MEF as well, but in terms of numerator and denominator, let me give you one estimate on a statutory total, lets see, total available capital. That is about $5 billion at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson - Citadel.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Most of the questions have been asked and answered, so just two quick ones. In terms of looking at the investment portfolio, just curious if you have a ballpark estimate as to what you think realized credit losses will look like over maybe the next four quarters? Then a second question on maybe another sort of political flush regulatory one, I was surprised to see the Senate Committee on aging sort of having a hearing that was sort of moderately negative on target date funds, which is the first I have seen. Im not sure how well they were informed on all the issues, but you guys are more informed on it than I am, so can you talk a little bit about whats going on in Washington around target date funds? I think there was a lot of complaints about sort of lack of choice than other things that again didnt seem all that well researched on their end, but your thoughts would be appreciated.
Larry Zimpleman: Ill have Julia take the first question and Dan Houston can handle the second one.
Julia Lawler: For the losses projected, we would expect that as weve been saying corporate credit losses are going to decline substantially going into the next several quarters as weve seen historically. Wed expect to see structured securities start to increase in losses that would be impairments on CMBS and RMBS, and commercial mortgage reserves increasing. So you might anticipate 2010 to be, about the same or less than this year, but its just made up very differently.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: On the mortgages itself they had held reasonably flat on a sequential basis, but youll look out and youre just assuming to sort of just the economic drag taking their toll on the different properties eventually.
Julia Lawler: You would anticipate as weve said, from second quarter to third quarter we saw similar losses. Again, the real estate markets, the fundamentals continue to deteriorate, although our portfolio continues to holdup quite well. Wed expect to see losses in 2010 probably greater than we saw in 2009, but not much. You expect to see CMBS losses impairments I should say, continue to increase. Again, my expectation is, the next four quarters will be less than what we have had in 2009.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: When you look at either from an asset class or a geography, where do you think that the pick up on the mortgage losses comes from strongest?
Julia Lawler: Where weve seen is as Ive said, multi-family has led us into this and weve continued to see the greatest stress on multi-family largely, because again the leases are shorter. Im interestingly enough, we would likely see that turn around quicker, but it continues to see the most stress. As we get in further into the cycle, well start to see more of that come from office and less from multi-family. Our retail portfolio and industrial portfolio continue to holdup quite well. The geography probably wont change substantially. Weve seen the most stress in the markets you would anticipate and that would be the Southern Markets that got the most overbuilt, if you will, and had the highest unemployment, that would be states like Florida and Arizona. While youve heard a lot about California, our California portfolio upheld through all of this quite well, largely because its mostly industrial and well located, so even though youve heard a lot about California our portfolio has done very well in California.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay and Ill have Dan talk about target dates.
Dan Houston: Target date funds got a lot of attention from both the DOL as well as the SEC, but the root of all of this it really gets down to the glide path and the question becomes, is the glide path to get you to retirement and through retirement. Our model has always been to get you through retirement. So some of the discussions theyre having right now is whether or not the naming convention of the fund is adequate, so better disclosure to the planned participants and planned sponsors on what its intended to do to or through retirement. Another one is around the establishment of asset allocation glide path ranges and disclosing that and others around having a benchmark to compare it to. Theres some additional discussion on how participant distribution behavior should, the communications around participant behavior. Another one just has to do with whether or not there should be any off the shelf solutions or whether or not these should be custom targeted plans. By that I mean, not only would you have a target date planned for 2025 or 2030, but that would have an overlay of the risk that I am willing to accept as an investor in the fund and those are the issues getting really mulled over by the House, the Senate as well as the DOL and the SEC.
Larry Zimpleman: The only thing Id add is that, none of that. Those are all, what I would think of as refinements to how we do target date funds today as compared to some attempt to roll back what I think has been again on average one of the real success stories around Pension Protection Act, which is the whole introduction of auto enrollment, and things like in auto election so things like target date funds is now where I think about 35% of our plant assets go into and by and large and overtime, thats a very healthy event.
Dan Houston: In that part of loan, but as the market has recovered youve seen less and less vocalization on the topic, there seems to be some rationalization that market performance is proving out on the upside as well.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: You dont see much pressure on the internal management aspect that seemed to get the attention as well?
Dan Houston: There tends to be two models, one that is 100% proprietary and the other is a model that embraces both internal as well as sub-advisors, outside the organization are lifetime funds include both PGI as well as non-affiliated managers.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Last question just whats your mix there since you brought it up?
Larry Zimpleman: It would vary by fund. I dont know, Jim if you have any comments.
Jim McCaughan: Its around 60% proprietary, around 60% PGI and the others would be various sub advisors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel - Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I think youll tell by the couple questions I have left after everybody, Im running out. On the commercial whole loan portfolio, could you just update on somewhere the loan loss reserves stood at Q3 and how much that changed from Q2?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, Ill have Julia cover that.
Julia Lawler: The reserve at third quarter was $107 million, but compares to about $97 million last quarter.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: You give us a disclosure in the investment supplement that talks about $1.7 billion of commercial whole loans where the LTV is over 80%. You also make a comment I guess its earlier in that page that more current estimates on property values were loans that experienced a material change. Now there was clearly no material change in your greater than 80% of LTV bucket, I think it was essentially unchanged sequentially. Is that category, does that category all together use more current valuations or not? Is that sort of Q1 09 valuations, or is it something more recent?
Julia Lawler: It would depend. We do our full portfolio. We touch every loan in our portfolio twice a year. The last time that we did a full blown review of every single deal in our portfolio was first quarter. However, we tend to touch about 40% of our each of our loans each quarter basically, because some things occurred on the loan, something happened. Occupancy changed or weve gotten some information on the portfolio so we update that as we touch it the next time we will review the entire portfolio will be next quarter.
Larry Zimpleman: By relative standards do you want to think about that as a current value.
Julia Lawler: Its as good as given the size of this portfolio the number of loans is as good as you can do, but well definitely touch every loan next quarter too.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Last one just a quick one following up on Randys question, can you give us a sense how much in dollar amounts higher are your pension and retirement benefit costs, maybe year-to-date in 2009 versus the first nine months of 08, or maybe even third quarter versus last years third quarter? Just want to get a sense for how much the markets drag has impacted those costs.
Larry Zimpleman: I think these will be kind of rough orders of magnitude, but I would say, Randy, that our pension expense for home office employees is probably up somewhere, the increase is probably somewhere around $150 million for 09 over 08.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: One last quick one, on risk-based capital was there any, I noticed the $375 million to $400 million. No change from where you were last quarter. Fair to assume, I dont think you highlight it, but fair to assume that there was no additional cash taken down from the holding company to the insurance sub to maintain that $375 million to $400 million?
Terry Lillis: Yes, youre absolutely correct. Theres nothing moved down at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Just one easy one, your International Asset Management and Accumulation segment, I noticed that there were really a negative $0.2 million of taxes paid and not really boosted up the income number and I dont think that I heard anything about that in the commentary. Could you give a little color on that tax rate and what the run rate might be?
Norman Sorensen: Ill just say a couple of words Andrew, thanks and then perhaps Terry will want to add some questions, but the tax rate typically for international is impacted by our equity accounting subsidiary so Brazil, China, Malaysia where minority holders, were not a majority there. All of the income comes in through investment income and so the taxes are built into that already. So what you see is youve already prepaid the tax and those come into an investment income line and thats basically the explanation.
Terry Lillis: The last part Id add to it is there is a foreign tax credit that goes through the tax line which actually makes it even a little bit lower effective tax rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein - FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - FPK: A couple quick ones sorry if you addressed this, you talked about in the press release liquid assets at $7.3 billion. Im just curious, what would you characterize as your target level? Assuming thats above what you would characterize as your target level what would be the timeframe over, which you would expect that to be deployed?
Larry Zimpleman: Ill have Julia comment on that question.
Julia Lawler: Well I think what were really targeting, about the liquid assets, because were going to maintain a fairly liquid portfolio in our investment strategy, but what were really talking about is lowering our cash and cash equivalents down from the level theyve been at obviously for good reasons. So you would expect at least a billion dollars of being invested out of cash and cash equivalents into longer term investments over the next three to six months.
Mark Finkelstein - FPK: So, $1 billion over the next three to six months?
Julia Lawler: Yes.
Mark Finkelstein - FPK: Then just on international, number of geographies, number of businesses, can you just maybe give a little bit of color on the underlying flows that youre seeing and the composition of those in the international business?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. It varies, but generally the Latin American units are more mature than the Asian units and so what we typically have seen is stronger flows coming from the Latin American units. Brazil is a particularly large contributor of flows as was mentioned earlier about $600 million in the quarter of cash flows. Chile, Mexico and then weve had of course, our newer subsidiaries, affiliates in Asia growing a little bit faster, but theyre smaller.
Larry Zimpleman: I think thats the last call. So Ill just make my closing comments and again thanks everybody for joining us today. This was again a little out of pattern and at least facing everything we know right now. Were going to expect our earnings call for Q4 to be back at the normal time. As weve discussed, we are seeing some early signs of economic recovery and were heartened by that. Well continue with the same approach that served us well in prior quarters. Were going to align expenses and revenues, were going to continue focusing on capital management and liquidity and most importantly were going to focus on serving the needs of our customers and advisors who serve all of them. So thanks for the interest in principal. We look forward to visiting with you at our Investor Day and Tom has been talking to you about that. We hope to see many of you on board in the coming months. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 8:00 pm Eastern Time until end of day November 10, 2009. 33374311 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Graf  Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Larry Zimpleman  Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis  Chief Financial Officer John Aschenbrenner  Life and Health Insurance Dan Houston  U.S. Asset Accumulation Jim McCaughan  Global Asset Management Norman Sorensen  International Asset Management and Accumulation Julia Lawler  Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Nigel Dally Morgan Stanley John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein Colin Devine  Citi Steven Schwartz  Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Principal Financial Group Second Quarter 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Graf  Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's quarterly conference call. If you don't already have a copy, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our Website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor Provision, Chief Executive Officer, Larry Zimpleman, and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we'll open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A, John Aschenbrenner, responsible for Life and Health Insurance, Dan Houston, responsible for U.S. Asset Accumulation, Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management and Norman Sorensen, responsible for International Asset Management and Accumulation. Also available is Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy.  Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Larry?
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. With the second quarter, we saw the continuation of a return to more capital markets that started late in the first quarter. We view our operating results for the quarter as solid, reflecting our strong operational focus and disciplined expense management. Our general account portfolio also had solid performance, reflecting its diversification and focus on risk controls. Finally, our ability to raise $1.15 billion in equity and $750 million in long-term debt has significantly strengthened our balance sheet, positioning us to navigate through current challenges and emerge even stronger as the business climate improves. We believe these positives will help investors refocus on the fundamentals that make The Principal a compelling long-term investment. I'll discuss each of these in more detail.  First, operating results, earnings per share of $0.69 for second quarter 2009 compares to $0.97 in the year-ago quarter and net income per share of $0.52 compares to $0.64. With Standard and Poor's 500 daily average down 35%, compared to the year-ago quarter as expected, we experienced a decline in assets under management, and in turn, operating earnings and net income.  Terry will discuss second quarter 2009 results compared to a year ago in more detail. Importantly, market gains in the second quarter helped drive strong sequential improvement in assets under management, operating earnings and net income. Comparing second quarter 2009 to first quarter 2009, assets under management increased 9% or $21 billion to $258 billion. Operating earnings increased 22% to $201 million, driven by a 50% or $58 million improvement from our three asset management and accumulation segments, and net income improved 33% to $150 million.  This reflects higher operating earnings and an investment portfolio that continues to perform well. Second quarter results again confirm the quality and diversification of our investment portfolio. And our continuing belief that while capital losses will be higher than normal over the next several quarters, they'll remain manageable. Over the trailing 12 months, a period that covers some of the worst equity and credit conditions in decades, we delivered nearly $800 million in operating earnings and nearly $350 million of net income. This strength and consistency of results differentiates us from peers, reflecting the resilience and diversification of our businesses, the diversification of our investment portfolio and disciplined risk management. I'd like to expand on some of the factors that make us different from our peers. Our broad mix of fee, spread and risk businesses has enabled us to deliver revenue stability during periods of significant market volatility.  We benefit from a broad customer base that covers small and medium-sized businesses and their employees, as well as institutional and retail investors. We also benefit from our leading position in employer-sponsored payroll deduct benefit plans, which has created a strong base of recurring deposits.  We've built and maintained a conservative liability profile backed by a well-diversified investment portfolio. For example, we purposely made variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits a small part of our business with a block of just over $1 billion. This results in our life company capital ratios being significantly less leveraged to equity market changes than peers.  During the quarter, we continued to take action with our portfolio in response to changing market conditions. We continued to invest new cash into high quality liquid assets with the majority going into agency mortgage pass-throughs and any IC1 corporate bonds. Compared to a year ago, cash and cash equivalent holdings are up 184% to $4.3 billion, and government backed securities are up 18% to $3.2 billion. We continue to manage our exposure to ratings drift risk, selling or tendering about $525 million of securities. This generated $28 million of the $81 million of after-tax credit losses in the second quarter.  Excluding these intentional sales, credit impairments improved slightly on a sequential basis, which is the third consecutive quarter of improvement.  In these sales, we emphasize reducing our BBB and below investment grade bond holdings, where we believe the risk of downgrade or potential default had significantly increased. About 45% of these sales related to BBB and 40% to below investment grade. We also continue to scale back the investment-only business and in turn are weighting to commercial real estate, which is down from 26.8% of total invested assets and cash as of June 30, 2008 to 25.0% as of June 30, 2009. Over the past three quarters, we've reduced the investment-only block by $4.6 billion, freeing up about $180 million in capital.  Our exposure to CMBS continues to decline. In July, we took advantage of continued improvement in AAA CMBS pricing, selling $40 million at par, an improvement of 20% to 25% from pricing as of March 31st. In addition, we expect about $400 million will pay off at maturity over the course of 2009. Of the $314 million of commercial mortgages that matured during the second quarter, 53% financed externally. This demonstrates continued strong market demand for the type of loans in which we've historically invested. Loans with strong borrowers, high occupancy, good loan-to-value, and high debt service coverage primarily in the $5 million to $20 million range. Of the 47% that we refinanced during the quarter, just over half met our current, more conservative underwriting guidelines. These loans have an average loan-to-value of 53% and an average debt service coverage of two times. The remainder of the loans we refinanced have an average loan-to-value of 75% and average debt service coverage ratio of 1.5 times. For loans maturing over the remainder of 2009, we expect around 80% will be financed externally or by us within our current underwriting standards.  As I mentioned in May, we completed two capital raises totaling $1.9 billion. This accomplishment over a two-week period demonstrates continued investor confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth. As of June 30, relative to a risk-based capital ratio of 350% our excess capital position was approximately $2 billion, between the holding company and the life company. I'd remind investors we have $441 million of long term maturing later this month. After completing our capital raises, we moved $500 million of capital from the holding Company to the life company. We estimate our life company wrist based capital ratio to be in the range of 375% to 400% at quarter end. Given our successful capital raises we reduced commercial paper outstanding by $365 million during the second quarter. Excess capital was also reduced by $285 million due to credit ratings drift.  With the narrowing of credit spreads during the quarter we experienced a $3 billion improvement in net unrealized losses. Along with our equity capital raise this resulted in book value including AOCI improving 102% from March 31 to $16.19 per share. Using synthetic indexes versus cash bond prices and adjusting for the impact of higher interest rates on net unrealized losses through mid-year, adds approximately $6.00 to $ 7.00 per share to book value. Terry will discuss this in more detail.  While the return more normal capital markets have created some positive momentum the operating environment continues to present challenges, rising unemployment continues to reduce the number of participants covered under our existing employee benefit plan offerings. And investment income is down reflected out recent focus on investing in more liquid assets. Another key impact is market volatility. Over a period of five trading days in mid-July, for example, the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 7%. In this environment institutional investors continue to delay funding of awarded mandates. We're also seeing fewer plan sponsors seeking requests for proposal to change retirement plan providers due to the economy. These factors have contributed to lower flows through mid-year for two of our three largest source of net cash flow, full service accumulation, where net cash flow is down about $1 billion due to lower sales and thus lower transfer deposits, and principal global investors, where third party flows were down about $5.7 billion. On the positive side retention remains strong for both businesses. Through mid-year full service accumulation withdrawals are down about $800 million albeit on a lower base of account values. Contract level withdrawals are down 20% midyear based on plans. Based on assets, contract level retention near an all time high in 2009, similar to the first half of 2008; withdrawals for both periods are about 50% lower than historical levels.  While recurring contributions have historically been a source of deposit growth for full service accumulation, through mid-year they are down about $300 million or 4%. The largest impact is lower participant deferrals, which reflects a reduction in the number of participants, as well as slightly lower rates of deferral. We view $3.6 billion of full service accumulation sales through mid-year as a solid result in a difficult environment, a result that puts on among the leaders in the industry. With more than $300 billion of net cash flow through mid-year or 3.8% of beginning of year account value we're on track to achieve our long term target of 4% to 6% for the full year. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to compete effectively for new business. Total Retirement Suite continues to provide a significant differentiator in the market place, making up 65% of our sales year-to-date. Alliance sales have held up well, down only 6% through mid year. And as mentioned last quarter the expansion of our distribution relationship with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch to cover define contribution plans is another positive development on the Alliance front.  With that said, we're finding most businesses focused on one thing  surviving the recession. Changing retirement plan providers is not necessarily on their list of top priorities. On the other hand we are seeing some early signs activity is increasing; the second quarter quote activity up 16% sequentially. I'd remind you though that in this environment the sale cycles now tends to take 8 to 12 months. Moving to principal global investors, excluding a $3.2 billion withdrawal from AIG withdrawals as a percent of beginning of year assets under management declined from 10.7% for the first half of 2008 to 8.8% for the first half of 2009. Over the last 12 months, AIG and two other financially troubled clients have withdrawn a total of nearly $8 billion. Excluding withdrawals from these distressed investors, third party net cash flow exceeded $3 billion over the trailing the 12 months, nearly 4% of beginning of period assets under management. Reflecting solid flows of new money in a difficult market PGI has received $7.6 billion of deposits from non-affiliated clients through mid-year. Our participation in search activity remains strong, but again, we continue to experience delays in institutional funding due to market volatility. There has been a decline over the past year in the percent of PGI's retirement plan's separate accounts in the top two Morningstar quartiles. Fifty percent were in the top half for five-year performance at June 30 versus 75% in the top half a year ago. These results have been hurt by our fixed income products, given our credit bias, which also impacted performance of our asset allocation products. It is notable that with the recent improvement in credit spread in the second quarter our three-month performance is showing a strong turnaround. Forty three percent of PGI's retirement plan separate accounts were in the top half for the three-month period with 40% of our fixed income and asset allocation funds in the top quartile and 60% in the top two quartiles. We remain confident that our disciplined process and focus on fundamentals will prove highly competitive over a full market cycle. I'll close my comments with one last example of the benefits of diversification. At $1.2 billion in the second quarter Principal International delivered its second best net cash flow quarter on record. This reflects strong deposits in Brazil and Malaysia and solid flows in India as fixed income funds in that market return to profitability. Terry? 
Terry Lillis : Thanks Larry. This morning I'll cover total company and segment results. I'll also discuss investment losses for the quarter and provide an update on our investment portfolio. I'd like to emphasize three key points up front. First we view second quarter as solid performance in its difficult environment with the decline and earning from a year ago reflecting the impact of market conditions on assets under management.  Second, strong expense management has helped offset revenue declines associated with declines in AUM. And third, our investment portfolio continues to perform well, resulting in a manageable level of realized capital losses. Now, to total company results. Operating EPS was $0.69 in second quarter 2009, down 29% compared to $0.97 in the year-ago quarter. The decline primarily reflects macroeconomic conditions which reduced the earnings per share by $0.28 in total. Market conditions including a 35% drop in the S&P 500 Index daily average drove down average assets under management 19% from a year ago. Lower AUM reduced earnings per share by approximately $0.16. Earnings per share were also dampened by $0.07 from the lower investment income due to holding more liquid investments and $0.05 due to unfavorable foreign exchange and lower yields on inflation linked assets in Latin America. In addition market conditions in 2008 resulted in a significant increase in 2009 cost for employee pension and other post retirement benefits, which we refer to as security benefit cost. This reduced second quarter 2009 EPS by $0.07. Earnings per share also reflects the impact of our equity raise in May, which increased weighted average shares outstanding by 12%, reducing earnings per share by $0.08. Against these headwinds management reduced the fixed component of compensation and other expenses by $0.16 a share from a year ago, softening the impact of the market conditions. Moving to the segments, U.S. Asset Accumulation earnings declined $16 million, or 10% from the year-ago quarter, a particularly solid result in a light of a 17% drop in average account values, and higher security benefit cost of $8 million after tax. We reduced compensation and other costs for the segment by 13% from a year ago helping offset the impact of market on account value and revenues.  Second quarter results also benefited from $25 million of lower DAC amortization expense pre-tax. This primarily reflects market performance true-ups and unlocking of expense assumptions for full service accumulation and individual annuities. Before moving on, a couple of comments on sales within the segment, Larry already discussed full service accumulation so I'll cover the Principal Funds and the individual annuities both of which are down about a billion dollars through six months. The decline in mutual funds sales is consistent with industry experience. Importantly, sales from our two largest sources of production have actually improved 11% year-to-date. Our national channel of outside broker dealers in our investment-only channel now make up about 50% of total funds sales. Their continued growth in a difficult sales environment bodes well for future sales as the market improves. Regarding individual annuities, the decline primarily reflects our conscious decision a couple of quarters ago to moderate sales as part of our focus on capital management and maintaining pricing discipline. This remains an important market to us. We expect this business to return to growth over time. Global Asset Management earnings of $8 million in second quarter 2009 compared to $24 million a year ago. The decline reflects significantly lower investment management fees due to the impact of market conditions on AUM as well as lower transaction fees due to the slowdown in the real estate market. The decline also reflects our sale in first quarter 2009 of certain asset management contracts within Post Advisory Group for $50 million. In the second quarter we received our initial installment of $2 million, and we expect to receive the balance over the next four years. Importantly, we continue to capture new institutional assets and to align expenses with revenues through active expense management. This is reflected in a 13% reduction in operating expenses compared to the year-ago quarter, driven by 25% reduction in compensation costs, excluding higher security benefits. Moving to Principal International earnings were $29 million in second quarter, down 8% from a year ago on a 4% drop in assets under management. We view this as a very strong result in the face of unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, notably modest deflation in Chile and weaker Latin American currencies compared to second quarter 2008. Adjusting year-to-date results for inflation and currency rates in Latin America, earnings growth would be slightly above our long-term growth target for the segment of 14% to 17%.  Life and Health earnings were $58 million in second quarter, compared to $67 million a year ago. Individual Life earnings improved $4 million, or 18% reflecting lower DAC amortization resulting from the improved equity market performance. Earnings from the Health and Specialty Benefit divisions were down from a year ago. Effective expense management and productivity gains for the divisions were more than offset by higher medical and dental claims, higher security benefit costs, lower investment income and a reduction in membership in existing plans. Let me also comment briefly on Individual Life sales. Compared to a strong 2008 we've written essentially the same number of new policies through mid-year, but first year premium and deposits are down 45%. This decline is not out of pattern with industry experience. The difficult economy is driving a significant drop in sales of higher premium policies, partially offset by an increase in sales of lower premium policies such as term life. Finally, losses of $32 million for the corporate segment were slightly above the normal run rate, reflecting our issuance of long-term debt in May. Turning to net realized capital losses we recognized $50 million in second quarter 2009 which compared to $51 million of losses in first quarter 2009 and $85 million of losses in the prior year quarter. Our internal credit exposure guidelines and resulting diversification have continued to help limit losses during this recession. Based on new FASB requirements related to other than temporary impairments which we early adopted last quarter, net impairment losses on available for sale securities were $134 million pre-tax. Total other than temporary impairment losses on available for sale securities were $201 million with the non-credit portion, $67 million, recognized in other comprehensive income. As Larry indicated, book value more than doubled from March 31 to over $16 per share as of June 30. Our quarter-end net unrealized losses were $4.8 billion, down $3 billion from March 31. This reflects $4.4 billion of improvement from narrowing credit spreads, partially offset by a $1.4 billion increase from higher interest rates. Using the more actively traded credit default swap market as observable data, net unrealized losses for our corporate bonds would have been about a $2.6 billion lower for the second quarter. And using the CMBX index, net unrealized losses on our CMBS portfolio would have been about $400 million lower. So in total, using synthetic markets instead of cash prices, net unrealized losses would have been another $3 billion lower than reported as of June 30, 2009, which would add approximately $5.00 per share to book value. I'd also point out that since year-end 2008 interest rates have increased net unrealized losses by $1.8 billion. Given our generally well-matched portfolio, this significantly overstates the change in book value caused by interest rate movements because it doesn't reflect the corresponding drop in the value of our liabilities. We'd estimate this as reduced book value by approximately $1.00 to $2.00 per share. Based on this analysis we view $22 to $23 as a better estimate of book value including AOCI. Given our asset ability discipline and strong liquidity which speak to both our intent and our ability to hold assets to maturity, let me again emphasize a key point. We will not be forced to sell assets at a loss. We continue to provide quarterly updates to investment detail in our Website. Given investor interest, I'll discuss the updates related to our commercial mortgages and CMBS holdings as of June 30. Starting with commercial mortgages, our portfolio characteristics remain strong with 1.9 times debt service coverage, 88% occupancy, an average 67% loan-to-current value. I'd also like to make a couple of important distinctions between life company and bank commercial mortgage portfolio. Life company portfolios tend to be fixed rate, permanent loans on properties that are substantially leased. Bank portfolios generally have a larger exposure to speculative construction loans which is why bank portfolios tend to generate significantly higher losses, particularly during recessions. The commercial mortgage loans in our portfolio that we believe present the greatest risk of loss are those exceeding 80% loan-to-value with debt service coverage less than one times. Our 41 such loans totaling $520 million represent an improvement from March 31 of $35 million with nine loans exiting and 10 smaller loans entering this category. The primary reason loans exited was improvement in occupancy.  Even if all of these loans were to default over the next couple of years, with an average loss of 30%, this would generate total losses of only $101 million after tax, over a multi-year period, again, very manageable. Regarding CMBS, 100% of the bonds we're paying interest as scheduled. Delinquencies within the underlying mortgage pools have risen, but remain within expectations at 4.2%. Less than 10% of our $5.4 billion portfolio was in vintages after 2005 that were rated below A. Our latest internal severe stress scenario resulted in $355 million of cumulative after-tax losses with the vast majority occurring more than three years out.  Running our portfolio through two different third party models validated results from our internal models, further demonstrating that even under severe stress, losses would be manageable, occurring in the later in the cycle and over a multi-year period.  In closing, we continue to see signs that some of the environmental headwinds may be easing. Credit spreads narrowed dramatically in the second quarter and have continued to do so into the third quarter. While equity markets remain volatile, we were pleased with second quarter's rebound and continued improvement in the month of July. We also believe that much of the impact of the Fed's stimulus is still to come. The recession may be nearing an end. That said, we believe that signs of a true recovery such as job growth and strong consumer spending won't occur overnight. In the meantime, we continue to control the things that we can and to position the Principal to deliver sustainable, profitable growth over time.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: I had a couple of questions. The first one is just on your organic sales in the 401(k) business and what the pipeline looks like. Obviously a difficult environment but sales have been down I think four quarters in a row now but when do you expect an improvement? And if the pipeline is in fact picking up, what do you think or how long do you think it'll take for some of those cases [to close]? Is it later this year, early next year? And the second one is just on your health business. The claims have been pretty  or fluctuated a decent amount the last several quarters. What are your expectations for this are for the second half of the year? And what do you think drove the variance versus the relatively strong quarter before?
Larry Zimpleman: Good morning, Jimmy. This is Larry. You trailed off just a little bit on the last part of the health claims but on the
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Yes, just the variance, what caused the variance versus the quarter before in your margin?
Larry Zimpleman: In terms of the organic sales pipeline, I'll have Dan handle that and John can talk about health. But as you heard in the earlier comments, we are seeing a sequential building of the pipeline. It's up 16% in second quarter from what it was in first quarter. And obviously anything related to the size of the pipeline, you'd have to recognize that the 35% decline in the S&P 500 from a year ago obviously makes that pipeline look smaller. But we are seeing it build and I'll let maybe Dan add a few comments to that before we have John handle the health question. 
Dan Houston: Thanks, Larry. Jimmy, just a couple quick comments, the outlook still looks a little bit tough and that we're seeing pressure on 2009 sales. Most of this is just because of reluctance on the part of plan sponsors to make a change. I think their primary interest is focusing on their core businesses. If we look at the created pipeline relative to a year ago, it's down about 38% from a year ago. And as Larry pointed out, you've got to figure about half of that is related to the market. The other half is related to employers delaying those decisions. And in terms of volume, if we looked at the 100 million plus, it's down about 13% from a year ago. But those that are  the areas that we are enjoying some success today is in the not-for-profit area and secondly, going head-to-head in the TPA market, which is up 8% relative to a year ago. I'd also point out that Alliance sales are still very strong, representing about 70% of sales and we've just opened up a couple of new relationships including Merrill Lynch. So with that maybe I'll turn it back to John.
John Aschenbrenner: Most of what you're seeing is just the seasonality. When you have a high portion of high deductible health plans, you're going to see much lower claims in the first quarter as people are using their deductibles. The other thing that's going on is there's a little bit of claims development from the first quarter, higher claims from the first quarter that carried over into the second quarter. Okay?
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: It still looks like the loss in the fourth quarter based on seasonality or should that change because I think in the fourth quarter of at least last year, there's a loss in that business.
John Aschenbrenner: Yes, with the seasonality of high deductible health claims, we would expect a small loss in the fourth quarter.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. First is with your expense management, clearly made a lot of progress in taking out expenses. Are the expense management program's now done or should we expect further reductions in the run rate of expenses beyond what we saw in this quarter as we look forward? Second, you mentioned that you sold quite a number of BBB securities that you felt were at risk of adverse [risk] migration. Can you provide some details on what types of securities they were, hybrids, structured securities, corporate bonds, any additional color there would be helpful? Thanks. 
Larry Zimpleman: Maybe just to take care of the first one expense management, I mean I think that what you've seen here is essentially what we feel like we need to do at this point relative to aligning expenses with revenue. The only thing I would maybe point out a little bit there is that there are still some severance costs that are baked into 2Q that obviously won't be sustainable going forward.  So again, our commitment is to take around $400 million out of the run rate expenses during 2009 and we think we're well on our way toward doing that. And I'll have Julia comment on your BBB securities question. 
Julia Lawler: Good morning, Nigel. I just want to remind you that in the sale, about 45% were BBB and about 40% of them were below investment grade. And of those that were sold, I would say the bulk were public corporate bond securities across several sectors. It was across most of the sectors. Consumer cyclical was probably the strongest and financial was probably the second.  And we did have a few hybrid securities, but it wouldn't have been the highest percentage but we certainly did participate with hybrid securities in either sales or tenders. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: I was hoping we could get a little bit more granular on the impact of the S&P, strong performance obviously point to point during the 2Q, I think up around 15%, well in excess of a typical 2% assumption I think baked into DAC amortization expectations and things like that. So notice that DAC amortization expectations and things like that, so notice that DAC amortization was lower I think Terry you mentioned $25 million pre-tax. I suspect that that was across the businesses, not just in the annuity line. But if you could give us a better sense on how much of that was driven by sort of the 15% S&P versus the normal assumption and how we should think about that. Obviously the S&P's already had a very strong third quarter to date and who knows if it will hold but if it were to hold at these levels, should we expect lower DAC amortization yet again? And how should we think about that relative to the 2Q levels?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, John, this is Larry, I'll just go ahead and have Terry handle those questions for you. 
Terry Lillis: Hi John, this is Terry. As I mentioned in our comments, $25 million reduction, it's about 60% of that, about $15 million is due to the market conditions, the improvement of the equity market. And another $10 million is due to the impact of the expense initiatives that we've put in place and we see on a go forward basis. You're absolutely right. It's across both the full service accumulation and as well is in the individual annuities. 
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach: Okay and so just to follow up on that Terry, so if 60% or roughly $15 million of the lower  I guess is the way to think about that lower than normal DAC amortization or is that 60% or $15 million relative to 2Q '08?
Terry Lillis: That's relative to 2Q '08 but what you're seeing also is that the improvement in the equity market was very positive in this quarter compared to relatively flat in the 2Q '08.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: And then my second question if I could, I just maybe you could give us a quick estimate on the month of the July was obviously very good for the S&P, also good for credit. And just wondering if you could give us a sense for more on almost on a real time basis, I guess what your estimate would be for mark-to-market on the investment portfolio through July?
Larry Zimpleman:  Sure, this is Larry, John, again, if you take the $4.8 billion that would be the reported number as of the end of June, as we commented earlier, you'd take off about $3 billion if you were to put that on a synthetic basis as of the end of June, so you'd be sort of down in that $1.8 billion range. And then if you fast forwarded from June 30th to July, you'd take off about another $1 billion or so for improvement in July, a little bit of improvement in the CMBS portfolio, pretty meaningful improvement in the corporate credit portfolio. So that would actually get you down if you used both the synthetic which we believe is a better indicator as well as updated that to July, you'd be down around $1 billion or so of net unrealized loss as of a current date.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I just want to go back to the expense item, just understand how the accrual of certain compensation expenses might be coming through the first half of the year versus the second half. In a way Larry, I think you answered the question by saying you'll have $400 million all in, but if the S&P stays up I just want to understand how you are accruing for compensation expenses and if we might see an uptick in that with better market conditions as we get into the back half of the year.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, Randy, this again, that's not to say that there won't be in fourth quarter that you might not see some increase in compensation other expense, whether it's due to variable compensation or whatever, but you still ended up because of headcount reduction.  I mean for example, PGI I think Jim's taken out 19% of the employee count in PGI, so because of actual headcount reduction and reduction in base compensation, we're very confident that we'll capture that entire $400 million during the course of 2009, but you could see variable comp being somewhat higher in fourth quarter because that's the normal cycle over which variable comp is paid, but I'll maybe ask Terry if he has any further comment.
Terry Lillis: No, you're absolutely right, Larry. In fact, we think that we will get the full $400 million reduction out of fixed components, the salaries from our staff etc. We've already accrued for bonuses and incentive compensations as part of the numbers through the first half of the year, and we will continue to accrue as we see the improvement in the market and the additional revenue that may be generated to offset some of that additional expense.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. So I mean, bottom line, Terry, sounds like you feel like the accrual is caught up to where it needs to be if the markets kind of stay at these levels.
Terry Lillis: Absolutely.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein: Two questions, first on the 401(k) business and the flows, Larry in your prepared remarks, you were talking a little bit about planned participant behavior as opposed to the corporate planned sponsor behavior and I think you kind of went through the numbers a little bit fast for me anyway, so I was hoping you may can provide a little bit more color in terms of what you're seeing there because I think in the past you said that participant behavior has been relatively stable. But it sounds like your comments earlier in the call suggest that maybe we're seeing a change there, and then I'll have a follow-up for Julia.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, well Suneet, in terms of you know again, there's a number of elements that go into that recurring deposit figure as you know. One of those of course is the level of employer match and again that we would argue that's not the  that is a contributing item, but not the major contributing item in the 4% reduction recurring deposits. As we  our best estimate is somewhere around 10% of our employers have either reduced their match or eliminated their match. The bigger element really, is just the rising unemployment, and then slightly lower deferrals from the standpoint of 401(k) participants, so we're seeing deferrals are off slightly. They're off about three quarters of a percent on average from something like 7.25% to about 6.5% and participation is down slightly. So again you put all that together  again it's not a major item. I don't want to overstate this. I think the recurring deposits are down something like 4% or $300 million, so this is not a major item, but we're seeing a little bit more pressure on the participant side than on the employer side, although there's pressure in both of those areas.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein: And just a quick follow-up, is there anything that you can really do about that, or we just kind of waiting for the economy to improve and employment to increase?
Larry Zimpleman: No, there are things we do about that. In fact we're out there working hard each and every day. You're familiar, I think, with our initiative called Retire Secure where we actually have salaried employees who are out in the work site meeting with employees one on one and in small groups. Those things really do make a difference. I mean, for example during second quarter we had actually 4% of our employee base actually increase their contribution. And again this is typically as a result of either talking with our Principal Connection counselors or meeting face to face with our work site counselors. So no, no, I don't want to give any impression that we're sort of sitting here and allowing the economy to have its impact. We're absolutely and we are moving the needle both in terms of participation and deferrals, but certainly the economy net is a headwind.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein: Got it, and then just a second question for Julia, or Terry. Just in terms of your commercial real estate exposure, in your investor supplement you provide some good scenarios for the CMBS portfolio and what losses could look like over multiple years, just wondering if you sort of applied that same framework to your commercial real estate portfolio, what would the results there show?
Julia Lawler: Yes, what we've tried to do to make the commercial [hold] on portfolio scenarios look similar, is create that at-risk bucket and to try to show you what that at-risk bucket might look like over time. Currently it's in that $520 million range. As we've mentioned, that can move up and down.  Loans are going to come in, and loans are going to go out. But over time, what' we've said, is if we stress that, similar to CMBS we think that could get up in that $600 million range or $650 million. And if you take that same 30% loss scenario, we figure that you could stress that you're about in that $200 million pre-tax over the next two to three years. Is that helpful Suneet?
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein: Yes, that's helpful. I guess what I liked about the CMBS scenarios is that you went to third parties and sort of validated your results, so I'm wondering if maybe you used something like the Treasury Department's stress test and applied that to your portfolio, what we'd see in terms of loss content.
Julia Lawler: You would see something very similar to that $200 million pre-tax because we did attempt to use the Treasury's stress scenario, and you would get at about that same 2% or $200 million.
Larry Zimpleman: I think that's very consistent with what you've heard. For example I think when Met had their call last week, and as Terry commented earlier in this call, I mean there are differences between bank mortgage portfolios and life mortgage portfolios, so you wouldn't necessarily have the same cumulative loss percentages for our portfolio that would have been part of the 19 bank stress tests. But we think from an economic perspective we absolutely have modeled a very similar result as to what you see from the bank stress test.
Operator: Or next question comes from the line of Colin Devine  Citi.
Colin Devine  Citi: I've got a couple of questions, first I just wanted to confirm that the expense reduction, the $156 million, is that's how much fixed costs is done and we're not going to see some of that come back if sales pick up, is question number one. Question number two, on the commercial mortgage portfolio, I was curious why you didn't add to the loan loss provision this quarter. Met did, I think it acknowledged about a quarter of your renewals are at terms that you wouldn't do new lending at, loan-to-values over 80%, and then the area I really want to spend some time on Larry, which has not been touched on, is the full service accumulation business and what is really going on there with policyholder behavior when we look at withdrawals. Now, in the past you've made it very clear when the market's down, okay, net asset flows should improve. We're looking on the dollar amount withdrawals are up slightly year-over-year, but with the drop in the S&P, that would suggest to me that the actual number of people taking their money out here may be up as much as 50%, and that's what I want to get at. I get why sales are flat. I get why recurring deposits are only up 4%, but what's going on with withdrawals?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, first of all, I'll deal with the first one. It's probably the quickest one to get out of the way. The $156 million is truly a reduction in the fixed component of compensation, so it's not something that comes back at some later point, so that one I think we can easily deal with, and I'll have Julia talk about the commercial mortgage, your second question.
Julia Lawler: As we've said before, our reserve strategy that we've had in place for many, many, many years, the pool reserve, or what's on the whole portfolio, is based on historical performance. So you will not see particularly since we have had historical performance being outstanding for the last 20 years, you won't see the reserve on that large portfolio change significantly. What you're going to see is loan-specific reserves. So it's going to be specific to each area alone, which is why we give the stats we give, and that's based on loan-to-value. And so as soon as a loan reaches something greater than 100% loan-to-value, you are reserving on that loan, regardless of how it's performing, so basically, all of the reserves we took this last quarter, those loans are still performing. So that's how you're going to see loan-specific reserves perform.
Colin Devine  Citi: What is their reserve today, and why when we're in one of the biggest real estate declines, in certainly recent history, aren't you reexamining this policy?
Julia Lawler: Well, the policies have been set over long periods of time for the whole portfolio, and it would be done in conjunction with our auditors. So that doesn't change easily, and we review it all the time, but it certainly doesn't change. And they continue to sign off on that policy.
Colin Devine  Citi: The reserve [on that]  
Larry Zimpleman: And on that, Colin, auditors are understandably a little bit concerned about setting up, or having the ability to set up, just general loss reserves that don't tie to specific loans. I think we can all understand why they would have some concern about your ability to do that. And that would be true not only for us  that would be true of all of our peers, as well.
Colin Devine  Citi: That didn't seem to be a problem for Met, Larry. But again, you're not getting at the number on the reserve you're holding. Is there a reason for that?
Julia Lawler : Say that last part again, Colin?
Larry Zimpleman: What is the total reserve?
Colin Devine  Citi: I've provided the number of  I've asked twice now for the loan loss reserve that you've got. I appreciate it's on a specific basis. How much are you holding? How much have you written down your book by?
Julia Lawler: Well, year-to-date, we, on our Life Company portfolio, we've written it down only by the $3 million in first quarter and the $16 million in the second quarter.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay.
Julia Lawler: Those are the loan-specific reserves, and that's in the Q. We would provide that in the Q and the K.
Larry Zimpleman: Let's move on to your third question, relative to withdrawals. And again, Colin, I mean I'd put a couple things in context before I have Dan comment on this. First of all, again, as you saw with the at-risk retention at 54% in second quarter, I think we continue to do an outstanding job of retaining those at-risk assets. And the second thing I'd note is, even in an era that's been as difficult as it is, I think our net cash flow through the first two quarters of the year is at 3.8%, beginning of period account value. So again, we're still, we're well on our way towards the typical 4% to 6% that we target in this area. But I'll ask Dan comment further on your number of withdrawals, which, in it of itself is not up near the 50% that you're, I think  
Colin Devine  Citi: Larry, just know that I'm going to let that one go. The net asset flows, as far as I can tell, are the worst in the company's history, okay? And it's coming in a down market, where you've made the point net asset flows go up in the past.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, and this again, Colin, is simply due to the seasonality of a sales cycle, where in second quarter, you will typically see fewer transfer deposits coming off of new sales. So that is the primary and almost total explanation for the lower net cash flow in second quarter. So it really has to do with new clients and transfer money on new clients, as compared to any increase in withdrawal out of existing clients. Retention, again, it remains at an all-time high, out of the 401(k) block. And if you were to be concerned, it would be if you saw the lapse rates increasing, which are not happening. Retention remains near an all-time high.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay, well, let's explore how you're measuring that, because I don't know how the market can be down 35% and the actual withdrawals is rising right now and you're telling me lapses haven't changed. So, maybe Dan can help us. 
Larry Zimpleman: I'm measuring that, Colin through asset-level retention. That's how we measure it.
Dan Houston:  Sure, just a couple of comments, Colin, maybe just to speak to, just for a moment on the employer match because we looked at the customers who had employer matches, less this quarter in '09 versus a year ago '08, to give you some idea of where some of this loss of recurring deposits are coming from. Part of it is coming from reduced matching dollars from plan sponsors. We looked at roughly 9,000 plans, and there's been roughly a 10% reduction in the sheer number of employees covered underneath these plans. And yet if you look in total, we've actually been able to grow the number of plan participants across the block, by roughly 2.2% during that same period of time. Two other very quick comments and that is the loss of the small plans. About half of those plans lost were plan terms, not just contract terms. They are no longer in existence. If we looked at the actual number of individuals covered underneath the new plans that will replace those, those plan counts have come up. If we look at that large, 1,000-plus group, we didn't lose a single plan sponsor. It was over 1,000 lives. The 10 that you're seeing reductions in were either plans or locations that were terminated, again, going towards reducing overall reoccurring deposits. 
Operator:
Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates.:
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: A couple of things, if I may, first and foremost, I'm interested, well, to beat on the dead horse that Colin just beat on, the lapse rate, the withdrawals as a percentage of beginning assets was, I believe 4.4%. And that's a 100 basis point increase from the 3.4%. Even though the numbers, the absolute numbers are the same, that's a 100 basis point increase from a year ago, so maybe we can tie into the discussion we just had with those numbers. I would think that would be the most appropriate way to look at it. The second thing is kind of a technical thing. I'm wondering how are loans accounted for? Are they included in withdrawals? And if not, maybe how that would have affected that number? And third, any general thoughts on the health insurance business and Obama Care?
Larry Zimpleman: Steven, I'm not sure on the last one that you said, on the health insurance business and 
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Obama Care.
Larry Zimpleman: Oh, Obama Care, I'm sorry.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Yes.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, just quickly on the withdrawals. I mean, again, if you look at withdrawals for full-service accum, if you look at withdrawals as a percent of the beginning value, if you look at the withdrawals as a percent of account value at the beginning of the quarter, what you find for '09, would be very consistent with what you find for '08, so I'm not sure what the math is around the 100 basis-point difference. I think, again  
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Well, I disagree with that, Larry, because you're looking at withdrawals, I think the $3.5 billion on a beginning base of $77.9 billion, and that's versus $3.4 billion on a beginning base of $99.4 billion.
Larry Zimpleman: Right, and what I tend to do, Steven, is I tend to look at the withdrawals on the average account value for that particular period, okay? And, so for example, in '09, you've got about $3.4 billion of withdrawals, on about $82 billion of account value. And in '08, you've got about $3.4 billion of withdrawals, on about $99 billion. So again, I haven't done the math on that, and I don't know if Dan has any particular comments on that. I mean again, it does reflect, to some extent, the impact of the economy. Loans are in there, but again, loans are not up in any substantial degree, either. So I don't know. Dan, is there more you want to say on that?
Dan Houston: No, nothing really to add.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: So but, Larry, you think we're better off looking at the average as opposed to the beginning?
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. And in terms of just that the healthcare, health insurance, and Obama Care, I mean I, obviously not in any position to predict, Steven, what you know, may or may not happen, relative to healthcare reform. Again, I think we've been very focused and have our management team here focused on getting the business running successfully financially and then over time growing the membership. And even though second quarter wasn't necessarily, from a financial perspective, if you look at it over a trailing 12 months, the ROE in that business is, I think, about 15.6%. So again, we're happy with the returns over time, recognizing that there's some cyclicality in that business. Obviously, if healthcare reform were to happen we'd have to sort of think about that. But that wouldn't be any different than the decision we'd make on any other business, so.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments, please?
Larry Zimpleman: Well, thank you. I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your continuing interest. There will be challenges ahead. We know that, but we believe we face them as an organization with a track record of affectively navigating these difficult environments. For Principal, we think with the improved equity markets and our successful capital raises we do believe we're building positive momentum in our businesses. But we look forward to speaking with many of you over the coming months, and continue to look for the opportunity to communicate our continuing strength. So thanks, and everybody have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay, beginning approximately 1:00 pm Eastern Time, until end of day, August 11, 2009  17748880 is the access code for the replay. Again, that's 17748880. The number to dial for the replay is 1-800-642-1687, for U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Graf  Senior Vice President of Investor Relations  Larry Zimpleman  Chief Executive Officer  Terry Lillis  Chief Financial Officer  John Aschenbrenner  Life and Health Insurance Dan Houston  U.S. Asset Accumulation Jim McCaughan  Global Asset Management Norman Sorensen  International Asset Management and Accumulation Julia Lawler  Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Andrew Kligerman - UBS John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Tom Graf:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. If you dont already have a copy our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following the reading of the Safe Harbor provision, CEO Larry Zimpleman and CFO Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks, then well open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are John Aschenbrenner, Life and Health Insurance; Dan Houston, U.S. Asset Accumulation; Jim McCaughan, Global Asset Management; Norman Sorensen, International Asset Management and Accumulation; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Larry?
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. While Terry will go into more detail, we believe first quarter operating earnings of $164 million or $0.63 a share were solid. Our expense initiatives offset some of the revenue decline caused by reduced asset valuations, and our life and health businesses continued to provide revenue and earnings stability. In spite of continuing disruption in the credit markets, our investment portfolio performed well resulting in net realized capital losses of $51 million and net income of $113 million or $0.43 a share. These results reflect early adoption of the new FASB requirements related to other than temporary impairments which Terry will discuss.  With that as an overview of the quarter, Ill focus my comments this morning on two areas. First, measures that demonstrate the continued strength and competitiveness of our asset management and accumulation businesses and second, actions were taking in response to this environment to insure were positioned to emerge even stronger when the business climate improves. During the first quarter we continued to demonstrate our ability to attract and retain customers. Our asset management and accumulation growth engines delivered $4.6 billion of net cash flows. This includes near record flows for full service accumulation of $2.9 billion which equates to 3.7% of beginning of year account values.  We also delivered $6 billion of sales from our U.S. retirement growth engines, full service accumulation, principal funds and individual annuities. $2.8 billion of these sales came from full service accumulation, a particularly strong result given that equity market declines have significantly reduced plan assets. We continue to execute our strategy to deepen our key distribution alliances. During the quarter, we expanded our relationship with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, our top producing mutual fund alliance to cover defined contribution plans. This gives us access to a market leader with 15,000 advisors for the small to mid-size defined contribution market. While it may take several quarters to produce meaningful sales, were very excited about the potential this enhanced relationship creates for full service accumulation sales over the longer term. Expanding on the discussion of defined contribution plans, let me offer some comments on how the market and economy is influencing plan sponsor and participant behavior. Given continuing market volatility, fewer plan sponsors are looking to change providers. This impacts our pipeline for new sales but also results in improved retention of existing plans. Compared to a year ago, retention has improved 26% based on plans. Approximately 10% of our employer customers have reduced or suspended the 401k match. For most of our small medium business customers, though, the 401k plan is the only retirement vehicle and it continues to be viewed as a key retention vehicle. While 7% of plan participants either stopped or reduced their contributions in the first quarter, we actually saw 7% increase their contribution rate. And finally, compared to the year ago quarter, hardship withdrawals and loans out of our block were actually down by about $15 million.  Moving back to the sales discussion at $2.1 billion for the quarter, mutual fund sales were also strong particularly in an environment where retail investors have largely remained on the sideline. Sales of funds from our two largest sources of production, our national channel of outside broker dealers and our defined contribution investment only channel, together improved 26% from a year ago. We also delivered 10% growth in individual annuity sales on the strength of our fixed offerings which grew 18% from a year ago, offsetting weakness in demand for variable annuities. As you know, weve purposely restricted our variable annuity distribution footprint to our proprietary or career distribution channel. Variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits remain a small part of our business with a block of just $1 billion. This minimizes the impact of equity market volatility on individual annuities earnings and results in our life company capital ratios being significantly less leveraged equity market changes than our peers.  Reflecting multiple wins across each of our asset classes, Principal global investors received $3.5 billion of deposits from non-affiliated clients during the quarter. Our participation in search activity remains strong, although there continues to be some delay in institutional funding due to market volatility. However, two of the three large unfunded commitments from Asian sovereign funds discussed at year end, funded or began to fund in the first four months of the year including the Japanese government pension investment fund. On the retention front, PGIs non-affiliated withdrawals improved from 5.8% of beginning of year assets under management in first quarter 2008 to 4.3% for first quarter 2009. In terms of relative investment performance, 36%, 50% and 66% of PGIs retirement plan separate accounts were in the top two Morningstar performance core tiles for the one, three and five year periods respectively. Performance of international equities and asset allocation funds remains strong, particularly the three and five year performance. In response to market conditions we continue to take action with respect to our investment portfolio. We continue to invest new cash into high quality, liquid assets with the majority going into agency mortgage pass throughs and NAIC 1 corporate bonds. Were actively managing exposures in this changing credit environment, taking the opportunity during the quarter to sell approximately $340 million of Triple B bonds and redeploying to higher quality investments.  We have not purchased commercial mortgage backed securities since July, 2008 and we expect that about $400 million will pay off at maturity in 2009, reducing our exposure. Regarding our commercial mortgage portfolio, during the first quarter 88% of the $212 million scheduled to mature found external financing. This demonstrates continued strong market demand for the type of loans weve historically invested in, well underwritten loans primarily in the $5 to $20 million range with high occupancy generally over 90%, low loan to value generally averaging in the mid-60% range and high debt service coverage generally greater than 1.75 times. We expect our experience for the remainder of 2009 will be similar to our first quarter experience given the size and characteristics of the loans maturing. We also continue to be focused on liquidity as well as credit quality. Compared to a year ago, weve increased total cash and cash equivalent holdings by 141% to $2.7 billion. Liquidity is further supported by the companys portfolio of government backed securities, which increased 43% from a year ago to $3.1 billion. This strong liquidity enabled us to continue scaling back on the investment only business. We reduced the block by $1.5 billion during the first quarter, freeing up another $60 million of capital. At quarter end, relative to an RBC ratio of 350%, our excess capital position was approximately $850 million all at the holding company. Prior to quarter end we moved $645 million of cash as an ordinary dividend from the Life Company to the Holding company. We estimate our Life company risk based capital ratio to be in the range of 350 to 375% at quarter end. With cash and cash equivalents of approximately $850 million as of quarter end, the Holding company has sufficient liquidity to meet its needs for 2009, primarily senior debt maturing in August of which $441 million remains outstanding. We also continued to have access as needed to the commercial paper markets and have $393 million of commercial paper outstanding as of April 30. Based on current projections, cash needs at the Holding company in 2010 are minimal, approximately $80 million. The Holding company also continues to meet all financial covenants necessary to access its $579 million credit facility. Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on aligning expenses with revenues over the longer term. Management action over recent quarters has reduced compensation and other expenses by $86 million or 15% compared to the year ago quarter. We implemented additional expense initiatives in March. In total, we expect these initiatives will reduce the annual run rate for 2009 expenses by $350 to $400 million.  While aligning expenses with revenues remains a priority, well do it in a thoughtful way to insure our competitive position remains strong and customers are well served. Well continue to protect the advantages weve worked so hard to build over so many years; our local network of sales, service and consulting capabilities developed to meet the needs of growing businesses, their employees and the advisors who serve them, our deep asset management capabilities that support long term investment strategies, and our broad portfolio of retirement and investment products that enables us to meet customer needs across the accumulation to pay out spectrum.  Let me take just one more minute to describe some very important recent recognition. In January we were named to the Fortune 100 Best Places to Work, and in March a Top Ten Company by the National Association for Female Executives. This is our seventh consecutive year on both lists. In April, three Principal funds received Lipper Fund Awards based on multi-year performance, an achievement that showcases our investment expertise and long term view. Also in April, the Ethisphere Institute again named The Principal to their list of worlds most ethical companies. Principal was one of only three financial service companies to make the list this year, and one of only 44 companies in the world that have been on the list for each of the three years it has been compiled. We believe this recognition demonstrates the value and character of the organization, and that Principal Financial Group remains a company that customers and investors can count on during these times. Terry?
Terry Lillis:  Thanks Larry. This morning Ill cover total company and segment results, Ill provide color for our investment portfolio, investment losses for the quarter and new requirements for measuring and presenting other than temporary impairments. Id like to emphasize three key points. First, strong expense management has helped offset revenue declines associated with this difficult operating environment. Second, our investment portfolio continues to perform well, resulting in a manageable level of realized capital losses in the current period. And third, independent stress testing of our CMBS portfolio validates our view that losses will occur over time and will be manageable. Now to total company results. Operating EPS was $0.63 in first quarter 2009. This compares to $0.99 in the year ago quarter, $0.90 excluding benefiting items as previously disclosed. Clearly there was a great deal of external pressure on first quarter results. Market conditions including a 41% drop in the S&P 500 Index daily average drove down our average assets under management by 21% from a year ago. This in turn reduced earnings per share by approximately $0.20. As communicated at investor day, market conditions in 2008 are also significantly increasing 2009 costs for employee, pension and other post retirement benefits which we refer to as security benefit costs. This reduced first quarter 2009 EPS by $0.08 after tax and after DAC. Earnings per share were also dampened by $0.05 combined for foreign currency in Latin America and deflation in Chile, $0.04 from lower investment income due to holding more liquid investments, and $0.03 each for lower prepayment fee income, for change in business mix in the full service accumulation business, and for lower earnings due to the scaling back of the investment only business. Two important points. First, the decline from a year ago reflects market conditions. Our underlying fundamentals remain strong. Second, management actions have reduced fixed expenses by $0.22 a share from a year ago, softening the impact of market and unfavorable macroeconomic factors. Weve created a lean organization that will emerge even stronger as the economy improves.  Moving to U.S. asset accumulation, segment account values were down $33 billion or 19% from a year ago to $142 billion at quarter end. Between full service accumulation and principal funds, negative investment performance largely due to equity market declines resulted in a $37 billion decrease in account values over the trailing 12 months. This was the primary cause of lower operating earnings for the segment, $93 million in first quarter 2009 compared to $139 million a year ago. The drop in earnings for the segment also reflects $9 million after tax from higher security benefit costs and $6 million after tax due to lower prepayment fees during the quarter. Moving to individual annuities business, fixed annuity earnings improved 10% from a year ago to $17 million. Variable annuities generated a $12 million loss compared to $2 million of earnings in the prior year quarter. Unfavorable equity markets resulted in a reduction in separate account asset fees, an increase in back amortization expense, and an increase in guaranteed minimum death benefit reserves and claims from a year ago with the impact totaling $14 million after tax.  Before moving on, a couple of comments on full service accumulation back amortization. The decline from $28 million a year ago to $13 million for the first quarter 2009 primarily reflects GAAP accounting which dictates lower amortization in periods of lower gross earnings. This resulted in the first quarter 2009 amortization expense being $14 million lower than the first quarter 2008. Our quarterly review of DAC resulted in an $8 million increase in expense as we trued up for market performance, comparable to a $10 million true up in the year ago quarter.  Earnings for global asset management, $7 million in first quarter 2009 compared to $20 million in the year ago quarter, also reflected significantly lower assets under management driven by market conditions, as well as the impact of lower transaction fees due to a slowdown in the real estate market. We continue to work hard to capture institutional assets and to align expenses with revenues through active expense management. This includes headcount reduction, which resulted in severance costs of $2 million after tax in first quarter 2009 and $6 million after tax over the trailing five quarters.  Moving to Principal International, earnings of $17 million in first quarter compared to $32 million in the year ago quarter. The decline reflects macroeconomic conditions. Weakening of Latin American currencies against the dollar dampened first quarter 2009 earnings by $6.5 million compared to a year ago. And deflation in Chile dampened first quarter 2009 earnings by $7 million. In April, Chile returned to an inflationary environment. Assuming inflation continues, we would expect this drag on earnings to substantially go away. While down on a reported U.S. dollar basis, on a local country basis Principal Internationals assets under management are essentially unchanged from a year ago as strong net cash flow over the trailing 12 months offset declines due to the negative market performance. Life and Health segment earnings of $72 million in first quarter 2009 compared to $79 million in the year ago quarter. The variance reflects higher security benefit costs in the first quarter 2009 than first quarter 2008. This reduced segment earnings by $9 million. It also reflects the impact of favorable reserve adjustments in the individual disability line and in the health division, resulting in an $8 million after tax net benefit in first quarter 2008. Excluding these items, segment earnings increased 14% reflecting solid expense management across the segment and improved closed block experience in the Individual Life division. A quick explanation in light of higher Individual Life claims expense and lower DAC amortization expense in first quarter 2009. Higher gross claims were substantially offset by reinsurance. GAAP accounting requires us to defer much of the benefit of reinsurance which causes an increase in the benefit and claims line, but it also results in a substantially offsetting reduction in DAC amortization expense. Moving to Corporate, which primarily reflects the cost of debt service coverage and payment of the preferred dividend, segment losses of $25 million were in line with expectations. Turning to net realized capital losses, in the first quarter 2009 we recognized $51 million of capital losses which compares to $189 million of losses in fourth quarter 2008 and $75 million of losses in the prior year quarter. Our internal credit exposure guidelines and the resulting diversification have continued to help limit our losses during the financial crisis.  As communicated in our earnings release, the company adopted the new FASB requirements related to other than temporary impairments. With first quarter 2009 reporting, based on new requirements on a pretax basis, total other than temporary impairment losses on available for sale securities were $147 million and the net impairment losses on available for sale securities were $96 million. The noncredit portion of the total losses, which is recognized in other comprehensive income, was $51 million. Had we not adopted early, these losses would have run through the income statement after tax and after DAC, reducing net income by $28.5 million. At quarter end gross unrealized losses were $8.2 billion, essentially unchanged from year end. About $400 million of improvement in gross unrealized losses from narrowing of credit spreads was offset by a comparable increase caused by higher interest rates. Similar to last quarter, we continued to see a significant liquidity premium in cash market prices. Using the more actively traded credit default swap market as observable data, gross unrealized losses on our corporate bonds would have been approximately $3.5 billion lower in the first quarter.  And using the CMBX Index, gross unrealized losses on our CMBS portfolio would have been approximately $400 million lower. So in total, gross unrealized losses as of March 31, 2009 would have been $3.9 billion lower than reported using synthetic markets. This would have doubled our GAAP book value per share from a reported $8.03 to over $16. Through the month of April wed estimate a drop in gross unrealized losses of approximately $900 million with a $1.4 billion decrease due to narrowing of credit spreads being partially offset by a $500 million increase due to higher interest rates. We continue to believe that wide credit spreads are driven more by liquidity issues than underlying credit risks. A couple of key points, gross unrealized losses are unrealized for a reason. Our assets are performing, our cash flows have not been diminished, and we continue to see our assets mature at PAR. Weve built deep expertise in corporate, credit and commercial real estate as we invest our assets to match our liabilities, which are generally longer term and predictable. Our [audio impairment] ability discipline along with our strong liquidity position gives us the intent and ability to hold assets until maturity. We do not believe that we will be forced to sell assets into a thinly traded market at a loss. Given difficult market conditions, we continue to expect higher than normal losses on our investment portfolio. That said, we continue to believe that gross unrealized losses are a poor indicator of future investment losses, reflecting again a supply demand imbalance as opposed to credit fundamentals. In response to investors interest, weve continued to provide quarterly updates to investment detail on our website.  Let me focus on additional analysis related to our commercial mortgage and CMBS holdings. First, weve updated all our commercial mortgage properties to current value as of March 31, 2009. Average loan to value for our portfolio increased to 67% as of quarter end from 62% at year end. This is still a very strong number in wake of meaningful drop in property values. Loans exceeding 80% loan to value with debt service coverage of less than 1 times amounted to just $555 million. Even if all these loans were to default over the next couple of years, with a [audio impairment] loss on each loan, that would equate to a loss of only $108 million after tax over the same time period, a very manageable level.  One other comment. Weve also added a new display to the select investment detail which shows the results of running our CMBS bond portfolio through two different third party models. The research group specializing in CMBS for Citigroup and J.P. Morgan have each developed proprietary models which they can run loss scenarios for a portfolio using specific bond level data. This allows their models to differentiate losses based on the underlying characteristics of each bond. The results from both models are similar to the results of our internal model for our portfolio. Even under a stress scenario, losses are very manageable, occurring later in the cycle and over a multi-year period. In closing, we see signs that some of the environmental headwinds may be easing. While equity markets have continued to be volatile, we were pleased to see a rebound with the S&P 500 up 29% from its March low through the end of April. Credit spreads narrowed in the first quarter and continued to do so in the month of April. We remain focused on positioning The Principal to emerge even stronger when the markets recover. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Operator: Before we take questions, Id like to turn the call over to CEO Larry Zimpleman for a brief comment. Sir?
Larry Zimpleman:   Thank you. We do have one new item we want to share this morning. Weve been informed that Standard and Poors will downgrade Principal Lifes insured financial strength rating one notch to A+ with a stable outlook. The A+ rating is characterized as strong, the fifth highest of their 21 levels. Its our understanding the primary reason for the change was a dividend to the Holding company from the Life Company. While we dont agree with the decision, it is our understanding the review also considered a number of key positives for The Principal, including our sustained strength in U.S. small and medium sized retirement business, and our competitive position in our Life and Health segment businesses.  With that, Operator, lets go to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Kligerman  UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Question on the level three assets. At the end of fourth quarter I believe they were $1.12 billion. Could you specify that figure as of the end of the first quarter? And then secondly, what was the overall impact on book value? I know you mentioned earlier in the call that net income was affected positively by about $25 million from the new FASB guidance. How about the effect including unrealized losses? What was the effect on book value from the new guidance?
Larry Zimpleman:   Okay, Andrew, this is Larry. I think theres two questions in there. The first one I think on level three assets and Ill have Julia comment more specifically, but again there was not a substantial change in the amount of level three assets between fourth quarter and first quarter. And Ill have Terry comment on your second item, but again Terry commented specifically on the $28.5 million that was the change to net income. I dont think there was again any meaningful change in unrealized loss, but Ill ask him to confirm that. So Julia you can go first.
Julia Lawler:  Good morning, Andrew. Yes, there was no change in our level three assets as it relates in particular to FAS 115 which I think is probably what youre referring to. We did not adjust our valuation methodology based on that change, even though we early adopted. So there was no change in the level three assets.
Terry Lillis:   Andrew, as far as the FAS 115-2 there was little change to the book value. Now there was a re-categorization between routine earnings and AOCI of about $17.5 million on the accumulated basis. And then the $25.5 million that I mentioned in the opening comments was the current quarter impact of that. But once again, it didnt change the overall book value, it just changed the categorization.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  With operating EPS at $0.63, a lot going on, especially these expense initiatives. Do you care to give us maybe a run rate number, a normalized run rate number for earnings?
Larry Zimpleman:   Andrew, this is Larry. We dont really have an estimated new run rate for you. I think we did a pretty good job at investor day of laying out the pieces for you including kind of what the average S&P was, which is at least looking a little bit more reasonable now, and the impact of security benefits. So I think with those pieces youve got all the raw material to be able to take a good shot at it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  I have a question on Holding Company liquidity. So I understand from your comments that $850 million of cash at the Holding Company, I guess thats as of March 31 or maybe its more current, but if you lost the ability to roll the $393 million of CP and you have to pay down the $440 million roughly of debt, I guess Im trying to understand how the $850 million remains sufficient for the other debt interest payments for the remainder of the year, the dividend, etc. So maybe you could just walk us through where does the additional cash come from if you actually had to pay down 100% of the $440 million of debt and 100% of the CP outstanding?
Larry Zimpleman:   Okay, John, good morning. This is Larry. Ill see if I can kind of walk you through that. First of all you said weve got about $441 million of the 144-A debt outstanding, theres about another $80 million or so during 2009 of other Holding Company expenses, primarily debt on the longer term outstanding debt. So that gets you around $520 million between the long term debt and service on a debt through the year 2009. Okay? Youve got about $845 million in cash. Okay? $850. So now youve got about $325 to $330 million of excess already sitting in cash at the Holding Company. Okay?
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Im with you.
Larry Zimpleman:   Youve got about $393 million of CP outstanding as of the end of April. So if you assume, which is a pretty draconian scenario and certainly is not consistent with the experience weve been seeing, if there was no ability to roll any more of that CP from today forward through the rest of 2009, wed only find ourselves needing about $50 to $60 million of additional cash. And I would argue that the market trends are actually going the other way, theyre not going that direction. But in that scenario we also have a cash sweep capability between the Life Company and the Holding Company where we have easily up to $250 million, if not higher amounts than that, that could easily fill that $50 million gap. And as weve already reported we have about $2.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents within the entire complex.  So there really should be no particular issues as it relates to is there sufficient liquidity to handle not only the 144-A debt, all the service on that debt and all the CP outstanding. So I hope that walks you through that in sufficient detail.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Larry, youve spoken over the past couple of quarters. Youve used this comment on a few occasions, multiple parallel paths, and Ive been thinking about that and obviously credit markets have improved pretty dramatically from the March lows, but just wondering what your current thoughts are with respect to TARP, potential participation, how you might juxtapose that if you were actually willing to participate against the idea of simply raising equity, you know, directly in the market and thus, you know, avoiding any sort of governmental restrictions if you will.
Larry Zimpleman:   Well, yes, John, youve characterized our thinking. So theres not really a whole lot more to add to that. You know, I think Im heartened that our excess capital position at $850 million at the end of the first quarter is actually up from our position at year end. But as weve said before, its prudent that we continue to evaluate all the capital options that are out there in order that we maintain our flexibility in these uncertain times. And we dont really have any further update on CP, CPP, Im sorry, at this point in time. And if we were approved wed have to consider whether wed want to participate and at what level based on the terms and conditions and what other options were available to us. So thats really about as much insight as I can give you at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan:  I had a couple of questions both on your pension business. The first if you could talk about your pipeline overall and just your sales in the first quarter were pretty strong but obviously part of the benefit was because of the community health assistance piece. And then secondly on your flows, to what extent have your withdrawals benefited from just restrictions on withdrawals out of accounts? Theres a story this morning in the Wall Street Journal that some of your accounts had withdrawal restrictions. If you can talk about how much of a benefit you received from that and what your outlook supposes the [inaudible].
Larry Zimpleman:   Ill just turn it over to Dan for the detailed answer. Again I want to be careful, Jimmy, in regards to the article today. The article today was specifically talking about the Real Estate separate account. I dont want to have you give an impression that there are several accounts that would be in that position. Thats only the single Real Estate separate account and again thats not an unusual situation. In fact, I believe every other similar co-mingled account thats in the industry has similar queues and in fact I think ours was the last one to put its queue on. So thats the only account thats being impacted. So just that as clarification and Ill have Dan cover the two questions.
Dan Houston:  Sure. Thanks. Hi Jimmy. A couple of quick comments. The pipeline is a bit softer in Q2 than it has been previously. A lot of that is attributable frankly to delayed decision making on the part of plan sponsors. Also remember that theres lower account balances given the negative impact from the market performance in this past year. Id also say that the advisors are spending an awful lot of time working on other, more pressing issues and I dont think that really the clients are looking to make a move at this point in time given the significant market declines thats taken place. So that effectively gives you an outlook for Q2 at this point. As it relates to the withdrawals as Larry was saying it really is limited to our Principal Real Estate separate account. Its about a $4 billion account. To the best of our knowledge, this daily valued account is a bit unique in the market. It performed exceedingly well for the last 25 years. We still feel good about it and we dont think its had any sort of material impact on fewer withdrawals. Weve had fewer withdrawals in total but we dont attribute much to this specific account.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz - Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James:  I was about to ask about the Wall Street Journal article. Just to make clear, I believe the article stated that there was about $1 billion of withdrawal requests that had not been, that were not being funded. Is that an accurate statement? Can you comment one way or another?
Larry Zimpleman:   Sure, Steven. Good morning. This is Larry. Ill have Jim McCaughan, you know, make a comment on that. Again I think its a little bit important to kind of understand the emotional dynamic that plays at work in a scenario like that in terms of the size of the queue, where the size of the queue itself can be impacted whether someone thinks that they may or may not have the opportunity to withdraw over a future period of time. But, so just remember the emotional dynamic there. But Ill have Jim provide you some more detail around that.
Jim McCaughan:
 : Yes. As Larry mentioned we were one of the last co-mingled accounts to put in place a queue for withdrawals. We did so last September when the credit market completely seized up. Of the $1 billion queue, quite a lot of it and that number is roughly accurate, quite a lot of it is institutional accounts who are doing rebalancing because of the denominator effect. In other words, they have a target weight, maybe 10 or 15% in real estate. Their equities have gone down a long way. The real estates gone down a lot less. So theyre rebalancing and they therefore put all of their real estate holdings into queue, really to see whether they can come up with the ability to rebalance towards equities. So that would account for a chunk, perhaps about half of the queue. So it would be wrong to think of it all as 401k participants. The second thing to say about the queue is that it really is to do with people reallocating assets within funds, not people trying to get out of our platform. And those reallocations are very often driven by a differential performance between different asset classes. And so its by no means certain that the $1 billion in the queue will actually choose to cash in when they come to the head of the queue, though there is a degree of uncertainty really about whether they will actually choose to do so. However, in recognition of all this, we have very diligently placed on the market a number of properties and were working very hard as potential buyers can in a healing credit market get some credit to do the purchases. Were working very diligently to try to create some liquidity both for 401k participants and for the institutional clients within that account. We can only do what the market will permit us to do, and the markets are still largely seized up, but were seeing positive signs. So were working hard to make sure that we can satisfy the legitimate liquidity demands that clients have. I hope that puts it in context.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James:  If I could ask just two more quickies, the first on the security and pension cost, were those in line with what you thought they would be as of the investor day?
Larry Zimpleman:   Yes they are Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James:  One final one back to Jim. Jim, kind of a one off, are you getting any traction in the [share] compliant market?
Jim McCaughan:   Yes, we are. Were doing a fair amount of business there already both in the retail market and were having quite a lot of conversations with institutional clients who are interested in it. Itll be long term but its a very promising initiative for us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  First on the $8 of incremental book value tied to the lack of liquidity in the fixed income market, it seems to me that youve been the most vocal about sort of throwing a number out there and it also would seem to me that the approach that youre taking would sort of be consistent with what FASB was trying to get at in terms of possibly changing some of the mark to market rules for securities in liquid markets. So my question is why wouldnt you use that sort of framework to adjust what your marks are in the quarter? And then the second question sort of maybe for Julia on the investment portfolio. I think Terry mentioned that realized losses are going up. I think most people expect that. Other companies have thrown out sort of a ratio of about 1%, maybe a little bit higher of the portfolio being realized over a 12 month period. Can you comment on what your expectations are with respect to that number? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:   Hi Suneet. This is Larry. Let me, Ill try to offer as the non-accountant here and Terry may want to add something, but I want to just make a few comments, you know, on your first one. I think that, you know, the media certainly very quickly reported on the FASB staff changes as though it was going to create a fairly new and different environment around the mark to market. And I think to your point it perhaps would have been a perception that for example you can move more on a wholesale basis to the synthetic indexes.  However, I have to tell you that both from our conversations with our own auditors as well as our study and weve done quite a lot, of others who have reported to this point in the cycle, I think save one exception, one company, I think that what youre seeing is that the mark to market at this point has unfortunately been kind of a non-event. And, you know, whether that might change going forward I think that remains to be seen. I think that there continues to be kind of a reluctance and conservatism and maybe thats somewhat of a portion of the times that were in. 
 : I would say that I think if anything it furthers, I think, our attempt to provide investors with other ways and frankly we think more meaningful ways of understanding the markets and the conditions in the market, and specifically the sort of illiquidity premiums. So whether we might see some movement in that by auditors and other companies and ultimately have more flexibility in that in quarters to come, I guess, remains to be seen. Ill see if Terry wants to add anything.
Terry Lillis:
 : Yes, Larry, Id just like to add one thing is we looked at this very closely. We talked with our auditors and basically came up with there was no meaningful change. As Larry mentioned, you know, the cash price is still significantly affected by the illiquidity premium and we just wanted to give another potential observable data point to quantify what could change.
Larry Zimpleman:   We wish, Suneet, that we could use April 30 instead of March 31 because as Terry commented theres already been quite a substantial improvement there. But I would note that as an even further leverage that I think the market is again as Terry said starting to gain some sense of normality.  And on the realized losses Ill have Julia make some comments on that.
Julia Lawler:   Morning Suneet. We have tried to give some different scenarios in different environments around each of our asset classes. At investor day youll recall we gave some views around bond losses over historical loss periods. In todays script Terry talked a little bit about what commercial mortgage losses could look like in a different scenario. And the 1% actually comes very, very close to all of those. So we tried to give that in each different asset class. CMBS weve given some scenarios as well, so 1% actually comes quite close.
Larry Zimpleman:   Let me emphasize thats over a multi-year period of time, Suneet. Thats not in any particular quarter, its over a multi-year, multi-quarter period of time.
Julia Lawler:   Overall asset classes.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein:  And then one quick follow up on the unrealized loss as of April. I think you said $900 million decline. Thats pretax and pre-DAC so can we talk about half that, $450 divide by 260, that would be an incremental $1.73 of book value per share. Is that the right way to think about it?
Larry Zimpleman:   I think youre in the ballpark, Suneet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  First, Terry, I was wondering on RBC if we looked at the impact of the dividend and I think some modest statutory income, it looks like the RBC ratio could be higher than sort of the range youre talking about. And I was wondering if you could go through maybe just a little bit on some of these assumptions because I think you have sort of assumed that theres going to be an elimination of this deferred tax relief that youve received, that the mortgage experience factors not going to be a benefit any more. Maybe you could talk a little bit about whether or not theres some conservatism in that number. And then just the second one really quickly is on repurchasing debt. Could you talk about the idea of sort of you did a little bit of the long term debt thats maturing in August, could you talk about plans to do a little more? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:
 : Good morning Ed. This is Larry. Ill let Terry comment. I would just say quickly on the RBC one I think one of the issues there really is more related to credit drift and what assumptions you want to make as it relates to credit drift, whether thats, you know, throughout the year or whatever. So I think thats the other piece that goes into that. And again weve tried to be very fair and balanced in that number that Terry quoted. But Ill let him give you more of the details.
Terry Lillis:   Yes, Ed, let me lead you through where we were at the end of last year. At the end of the year we had a 440 RBC ratio. To reconcile is we moved about $645 million out of the Holding Company, excuse me, to the Holding Company as a dividend. That reduced the estimate by about 65%. We also were seeing downgrades in our investment portfolio that will cause some drift in asset classes, so were expecting an additional 25 basis point drop there. But then we have some positives. As you mentioned some statutory earnings, we scaled back on the investment only business, and also at the 350 range, the 375 reflects a [MEAP] of one. What were actually seeing is a MEAP of 0.5 at this point in time. We have not included that in our estimate, so you could probably add another 35 to 40 basis points on top of that. In terms of the repurchase, you know, we did take an opportunity repurchasing about $14 million early and well continue to evaluate that as the opportunity comes to.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  On the investment only capital thats being freed up, is that going directly to the capital or is that coming through statutory earnings?
Larry Zimpleman:   Its going right to capital. Its freeing up the required capital.
Dan Houston:   Stays inside the Life Company.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  But thats outside, its not coming through in statutory earnings. Its just directly capital being freed up?
Larry Zimpleman: Exactly. Not coming through earnings.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  I had a few questions just on the CMBS. You had mentioned that theres about $400 million of CMBS paying off in 2009. Could you break out the ratings of those that are paying off in 09, the timing theyre paying off in 09 and if you have it handy what similar payoff numbers are for 2010 and 2011?
Larry Zimpleman:   Okay, Randy. Let me, in terms of the CMBS Ill have Julia comment. I was looking a little bit at the maturities for the CMBS and theyre certainly not perfectly spaced during the quarters, but at the same time theyre not substantially different quarter by quarter. So if its $400 million in four quarters, you know, it might be $80 in one, $120 in another and now I think were getting into probably refinements that are not significant. But Ill have Julia comment on the other question.
Julia Lawler:   And Randy we dont have them split out by credit quality but they are generally the higher quality securities because theyre older vintages obviously paying off. But we dont have them actually split by triple A, double A, etc. And they are evenly disbursed for the most part throughout the year and in 2010 it would be a similar dollar amount maturing.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  I wasnt clear with the $350 to $375 RBC range. Terry had mentioned theres 25 basis points for ratings drift. Is that, Im sorry 25% for ratings drift. Is that a forward-looking item or is that just what the drift weve seen through this past quarter?
Larry Zimpleman:   Its about the drift weve seen through this quarter, Randy. Whether that turns around, I mean again that might look a little different frankly at the end of April. Okay? So thats a number as of the end of March and again its very much of a moving part to try to predict where thats going to be, you know, at any where during the year. But thats where it was at the end of March.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Was that 25% just from the drift in?
Larry Zimpleman:   Its about 25 basis points, Randy, just to make this clear.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Is that from drift just in the quarter or is that kind of a running total?
Larry Zimpleman: No, thats just that during the first quarter, Randy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  I understand your comments, Terry, just on the commercial mortgage loan portfolio but I was a little surprised by the increase in some of the statistics in the quarter in terms of the lowered DFCs, etc. And I guess what Im curious about is firstly what were the delinquency ratios at year end and Q1 09 if its in the stuff I just missed it. And then two, I guess the valuation reserve went up about $27 million. Can you just talk about kind of how you arrived at that number and maybe just the methodology on that? Thats my first question.
Larry Zimpleman:
 : Okay. I think theres two there, but okay, Mark. I think first of all on the delinquencies thats even a number I know. The answer there is one. So I think there was one at the end of the first quarter. And Ill let Julia talk a little bit more about the valuation reserve.
Julia Lawler:   Yes. For the most part we do not do a total portfolio reserve. We do, but it doesnt change much. Most of the reserving you will see against our commercial mortgage portfolio will be loan specific reserves. And that is determined by valuations and delinquencies. To the extent we have very low delinquencies and we still have equity in our loan portfolio you will see those loan specific reserves be smaller. Thats why we gave you an indication of the loans greater than 80% with debt service coverage below one so you get some indication of what will be occurring over the next two to three years.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  I guess, can you just talk about the timing of the dividend? I mean the maturity of the debt isnt until August. You obviously pulled it up well before then. I guess what was the rationale? We talked a little bit about this last night, but can you just go through the rationale of why now and I guess how should we think about it in the context of other capital initiatives?
Larry Zimpleman:   Well I think really in terms of the, you know, the why now I think basically its just to I think demonstrate the strong liquidity not only of the entire organization but specifically at Hold Co and to eliminate any feeling that somehow that was going to be an issue in terms of the, you know, the refinance ability of the debt. So that was the reason the decision was made to go ahead and do it as of the end of the first quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  Just a follow up on I guess the question of how things play out with commercial mortgage loans. So Julia if $675 million of loans with debt service coverage under one times, how should we think about that playing out? I know youve referenced two to three years. Is there a reason why its going to take less than 12 months to have to do something to those whether its restructured, foreclose or overall how should we be thinking about that portfolio? Especially on the ones that are now below debt service coverage.
Larry Zimpleman:   Sure. Ill have Julia walk you through that.
Julia Lawler:   First of all, Tom, I think its important again just because its below one debt service coverage doesnt mean that the borrower cant continue to pay. And in fact, borrowers have continued to pay on all of those loans under one debt service coverage. So we have very strong borrowers and they believe in their properties and they generally continue to pay which is why we try to focus on the greater than 80% loan to value where debt service coverage is one. That becomes more at risk. The more equity you see fade away, the more at risk those properties become. Even those are unlikely to all become delinquent loans. But it takes a long time for borrowers to decide that they no longer have the wherewithal or they dont want to protect the equity in their property.
Larry Zimpleman:   You must remember, Tom, that most of these borrowers have substantial net worth. So its not their issue around the loan is not really related to necessarily the characteristics of the property, but theyre really looking at protecting their own longer term economic interest trying to assess, you know, how long the downturn might be, what the longer term value to property is, and recognizing their own substantial net worth. For all those reasons as Julia said its certainly not an automatic that under 1.0 means that a problem is going to immediately result.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse:  Just a follow up on that, Larry. So are most, should we assume most of those have personal guarantees attached to them? And also understanding that theres still cash flowing today, is there, have you typically seen a substantial lag in terms of when it drops below one times debt service coverage? And can we typically see these perform for another couple of years before it becomes an issue?
Larry Zimpleman:   Ill let Julia comment, Tom. Good question.
Julia Lawler:   Tom, I would not suggest that most of those have personal guarantees. Some do. Some have further structure behind them whether its an escrow or a letter of credit. So there is other credit behind it, but not all of them. So I wouldnt want to indicate that theres a lot of personal guarantees behind them. What we were indicating is though that these are very, very strong borrowers that do want to protect the economics of their property, so they are willing and able to come out of pocket to service the debt service when the property itself doesnt cover any longer. And yes we do see a lag from the time it goes below to the time it becomes a problem.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman your closing comments, please.
Larry Zimpleman:   Well thank you. I just in closing want to thank all of you with us this morning for your interest and taking time to join us in the call. Certainly it continues to be a bit of a challenging environment and those challenges will certainly continue going forward, but I hope that first quarter provides ample evidence that we believe we are a company with very strong fundamentals and a very, very strong and experienced management team with a proven ability to execute. So again thanks for your interest. We look forward to meeting with many of you in the near future. Have a great day.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day May 12, 2009. The access code for the replay is 91753676. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 10:00:00) =====
:
Executives: Tom Graf  Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Larry Zimpleman  President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Lillis  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Julia Lawler  Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Dan Houston  President, Retirement and Investor Services Jim McCaughan  President, Global Asset Management
Analysts: Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Colin Devine  Citigroup Andrew Kligerman  UBS Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Christopher Nezypor  Goldman Sachs John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets Welcome to the Principal Financial Group Fourth Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's quarterly conference call. If you don't already have a copy, our earnings release, financial supplement and additional investment portfolio detail can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, Chief Executive Officer Larry Zimpleman and Chief Financial Officer Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Larry will cover performance highlights for the quarter and the year, and provide an update on our capital position. Terry will provide a detailed overview of financials and our investment portfolio. Then we'll open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are our four segment heads, John Aschenbrenner, responsible for Life and Health Insurance; Dan Houston, responsible for U.S. Asset Accumulation; Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management; and Norman Sorenson, responsible for International Asset Management and Accumulation. Also available is Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Larry?
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. Fourth quarter and 2008 were clearly challenging. Given this environment, I thought I would begin my remarks by providing investors some longer term perspective on our three growth engines. At the time of our IPO in 2001, we had a great 401(k) business focused on advisors and the small and medium sized market. Over the next seven years, we expanded our sales, service and consulting into an unparallel network of local resources and we created distribution alliances with a dozen firms, providing access to nearly 50,000 advisors. Then we added an integrated capabilities like non-qualified and employee stock ownership plans to create Total Retirement Suite, transforming us from the SMB 401k leader to a market leader across the range of plan types and sizes. The result, a seven year compounded annual growth rate of 15% for full service accumulation sales. In 2001, we had great aspirations for Principal Global Investors and Principal International, but earnings for these businesses were just $43 million on a combined basis. Seven years later, PGI is not only managing assets for 12 of the top 25 U.S. pension funds, but now has clients in 55 countries, with more than 40% of its institutional sales in 2008 coming from outside the U.S. Principal International has built top five positions in many of its markets, increasing its assets under management five fold, and combined their earnings are up more than 400% at $220 million in 2008. We've increased total company assets under management by more than 150%, despite essentially flat markets over that time and we've improved return on equity by 520 basis points. We believe it's critical to remind investors of our track record of strong execution because execution is what will carry us through these difficult times. Moving to operating results and key performance measures, we were pleased with our operating results for fourth quarter and the year, particularly in light of market conditions. Operating earnings per share for fourth quarter 2008 were $0.69 with items impacting comparability, which Terry will discuss, essentially offsetting each other. This compares to the first call, mean analyst estimate of $0.66 per share. Since Terry will cover quarterly results in detail, including realized investment losses that drove a modest net loss for the quarter, I'll focus most of my comments on full year results. In 2008, we again benefited from a diverse portfolio of businesses. In a year where the S&P 500 Index declined 38%, driving our assets under management down 21%, we delivered $10.7 billion of operating revenues, a drop of only 4% on the strength of record revenues from Principal Global Investors and Principal International. We also delivered a very solid $943 million of operating earnings for the year, a drop of 10%. Record earnings from Principal International and strong earnings growth for the Life and Health segment helped to offset the impact of equity market declines. Importantly, we continue to see strong fundamentals and competitive strength in our U.S. retirement franchise and our asset management and accumulation businesses overall. These strengths are evident in strong deposits and net cash flow. For the year, our three asset management and accumulation segments produced a record $112 billion of deposits, which generated $7 billion of net cash flow. While flows are down from a year ago, this reflects our planned reduction of the investment only block, a mutual fund industry that's been in outflow since mid-year, delays in decision making and funding due to market volatility, from retirement plan and institutional investors, and lower actual fundings from these investors due to declines in asset values. Moving to each of our three key growth engines, I'll start with full service accumulation, which delivered $2.1 billion of sales in the fourth quarter and $8.3 billion of sales for the year. While full year sales were down from 2007, we viewed 2008 performance as very solid, particularly in an environment where some plan sponsors have slowed decision making in the face of extreme market volatility, some distribution partners have experienced disruption and equity market declines have driven down plan assets. On this last point, we estimate that 2008 sales would have been $1.5 billion higher or $9.8 billion of sales in total had the markets performed in line with our 2% per quarter assumption. As previously communicated, 2007 results reflected a higher than normal proportion of employee stock ownership plan sales. Excluding ESOP assets, full service accumulation delivered $7.6 billion of sales in 2008, versus $7.2 billion in 2007, an increase of 5%; because of higher fees on non-ESOP assets, current year sales will drive about 1% higher revenues than full service accumulation sales in 2007. In 2008, as we've seen in years past, factors that negatively impacted full service accumulation sales positively impacted client and participant retention, with withdrawals down more than $900 million from 2007. The result, net cash flows were up 17% in 2008 at $5.5 billion for the year, which translates into 5.4% of beginning of year account values. Our Principal connection capability and our work with advisors to retain at risk participant assets, continues to be successful as well. For the year, we retained nearly $2 billion of participant assets into our mutual fund, individual annuity, and bank products, demonstrating the strength of our asset retention capabilities and the depth and breadth of our retail rollover solutions. Moving to Principal Global Investors, assets under management are down 19.6% from a year ago, again reflecting market conditions. For the year, net cash flows were positive, reflecting our depth and breadth of management capabilities. PGI did experience negative non-affiliated flows of $3.6 billion in the fourth quarter, which is not indicative of our outlook going forward. The biggest contributor was a single real estate advisory mandate of $2.7 billion, which produced revenues of only $200,000 in 2008. As mentioned before, market volatility is causing retirement plan and institutional investors to delay making changes. They are apprehensive about investing into a falling market or being temporarily out of the market while executing a transition. As an example, we had commits in September and October from three sovereign institutions in Asia totaling $1.5 billion in global equities. These were expected to fund by year end but they did not. Looking forward we currently expect two of these to fund, at least partially in the first quarter, and because PGI's relative investment performance remains strong, particularly for the three and five year periods, our level of final stage prospects remains high. At $849 million Principal International delivered record operating revenues in 2008, an increase of 7%. Principal International continued to be an important contributor to our earnings diversification with a record $126 million of earnings for the year, an increase 14%. In part, this reflects operations that are less equity sensitive and the U.S. asset accumulation and global asset management segments. Of the 19% decline in asset under management from a year ago, 17% was attributable to foreign currency changes and 5% due to market declines, which were partially offset by a 3% increase from positive net cash flows.  While currency changes during fourth quarter will create headwinds for operating earnings in 2009, Principal International's long term organic growth remains in the 14 to 17% range and we remain optimistic about the growth potential of the segment. We continue to benefit from diversification provided by the Life and Health segment as well. Segment earning were up 22% for the year, with stable earnings from individual life and strong improvement from a year ago for the specialty benefits and health divisions. With record non-qualified sales in the fourth quarter and for the year, we continue to see evidence of the power of our total retirement strategy. Let me add a couple of additional thoughts on health. We believe we are on track with the first phase of our turn around for the division stabilizing earnings. The second phase is stabilizing then growing membership. We continue working on a number of fronts with a particular focus on more Principal specific network contracts in key metropolitan areas and on improving terms in existing network contracts. These will help us gain greater control of claims cost, which in turn will enable us to price more competitively. Were optimistic we will see progress in this area in 2009, but would remind investors that membership growth is a multiyear process as we are following a very disciplined approach. Id again remind investors of three important features of our business mix, first, our three key asset management and accumulations business full service accumulation, Principal Global Investors and Principal International require very little capital to support organic growth. As such we generate substantial free cash flows, historically about 70% of earnings for these three businesses combined. Second, strong general account liquidity gives us the flexibility to selectively scale back on certain capital intensive businesses to free up additional capital. Our planned reduction of the investment only block freed up approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter, and third, we manage our investment portfolio to match our liabilities which are generally longer termed and predictable. Our asset liability discipline, along with our strong liquidity position gives us the intent and ability to hold assets until maturity. Thus, increases in gross unrealized losses are not indicative of future investment losses. As another significant point of differentiation, we purposely made products with varying capital charges, such as variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits, a small part of our business. With only $1 billion in this block, equity market volatility has minimal impact on our life company capital ratios. At year end 2008, we estimate our RBC ratio will range from 420 to 445% which compares to 376% reported at December 31, 2007. In response to market conditions the company has continued to improve its liquidity. In 2008 we increased cash and cash equivalent holdings by 94% to $2.6 billion at year end. During the year we made adjustments in our general account investment strategies, investing new cash flows primarily into government and agency back securities and other liquid investments. We also closed out our very modest general account securities lending program in the fourth quarter and as of year end only 1.2% of our institutional [Gicks] and funding agreements could be redeemed by the holder prior to maturity.  A few final comments, at year end our excess capital position above that needed for our current credit rating, is estimated to be approximately $800 million. Between our strong current capital position and ongoing generation of new cash flow, we continue to believe we can absorb higher credit losses even in an environment of ongoing economic and credit stress. Our excess capital position at year end, up from our investor day protection of $450 million reflects several items, including approximately $200 million of surplus from net statutory derivative gains and $120 million of surplus from a pending approval of a change in statutory reporting requirements. Looking forward, theres obviously uncertainty around the length and severity of the global recession. Revenue and earnings clearly remain under pressure and market conditions signal higher than normal investment losses again in 2009. In the face of these headwinds, we will continue to focus on managing capital efficiently and aligning expenses with revenues over the longer term. Were pleased with our ongoing expense initiatives, which resulted in an 8% decline in operating expenses comparing fourth quarter 2008 to the year ago quarter, as well as our efforts to remove approximately 6% from our 2009 run rate expenses. Our strategy will continue to reflect an uncompromising focus on helping businesses, individuals, and institutions achieve financial security and success. Over time, weve built broad and deep asset management capabilities that support retirement and other long-term investment strategies. Weve developed a portfolio of retirement and investment products that enables us to meet needs across the accumulation to pay out spectrum and weve assembled an extensive local network of sales, service, and consulting capabilities.  This makes us easy to do business with, helping us create long term relationships with financial advisors, business owners, and their employees. This in turn, drives outstanding sales and retention. These elements are the core of our competitive advantage in the marketplace. So while aligning expenses with revenues is a top priority, well also need to do it in a thoughtful way to protect the advantages we worked so hard to build over so many years, and enable us to continue to prosper when the business climate improves. Terry.
Terry Lillis: Thanks Larry. As indicated this morning, Ill spend a few minutes providing financial detail for the company on each of our operating segments. Ill also cover our investment portfolio. Let me start with total company results.  At $0.69 in fourth quarter 2008, operating earnings per share was down $0.18 from a year ago. As always, there are a number of items impacting comparability between periods. But the variance primarily reflects the impact of equity markets on assets under management, and in term B revenues and earnings. Between the full service accumulation and mutual funds businesses alone the decline in equity markets reduced earnings per share by $0.16. Earnings were also dampened by several items, including the impact on net investment income of holding more liquid investments, severance cost due to our expense initiatives, weakening of Latin American currencies against the U.S. dollar, lower prepayment fee income, and higher amortization of deferred acquisition costs, which Ill discuss in m ore detail shortly.  These items range from about $0.02 to $0.04 each, reducing fourth quarter 2008 earnings by $0.12 per share in total; because of our strong liquidity and asset liability management, we were positioned to opportunistically buy back certain medium-term notes early and at a significant discount. This benefited investment only earnings by about $0.07 per share in the fourth quarter, offsetting a portion of the negative impacts. We'll continue to look for these opportunities in the future as we scale back this business. Adjusting for all of these items with no market growth, our earnings per share would be up about 3%. Moving to the segments, I'll start with U.S. asset accumulation where account values were down $35 billion or 19% from a year ago to $146 billion at year end. Negative investment performance due to equity market performance declines erased nearly $38 billion in 2008, with more than $18 billion of the decrease in the fourth quarter between full service accumulation and principal funds. At $103 million, segment operating earnings for fourth quarter 2008 were down $47 million from a year ago due to significant equity market declines. Full service accumulation earnings were $54 million dollars for fourth quarter 2008 compared to $82 million in fourth quarter 2007, reflecting a 22% decline in daily average account values. Principal funds earnings were $2 million for fourth quarter 2008 compared to $11 million for fourth quarter 2007, reflecting a 29% decline in average account values. For these two businesses, fee revenues dropped in line with the decline in account values, but the primary variable expense offset during the quarter was investment management fees. While we remained focused on aligning expenses with revenues, the speed and magnitude of the fourth quarter market drop made this more difficult and as Larry indicated, it is critical that we take a thoughtful approach to expense management, one that contemplates the long-term growth of our businesses. Individual annuity earnings were also down, with a $100,000 loss in the fourth quarter 2008 compared to earnings of $15.1 million for the prior year quarter. Twenty percent earnings growth from the fixed annuity business was offset by the impact of unfavorable equity markets on the variable annuity business, which included a true up for deferred acquisition costs and an increase in the guaranteed minimum death benefit reserves.  These items reduced fourth quarter 2008 earnings by about $12 million and $4 million after tax, respectively. Before moving on, a couple comments on amortization of full service accumulation deferred acquisition costs or DAC, which at $9 million for fourth quarter 2008, was down from $32 million in the year ago quarter. Our quarterly review of DAC resulted in a true up for market performance, which resulted in approximately $16 million higher expense than a year ago. This was more than offset by three items, ranging from $13 to $15 million each, reducing the expense by $42 million in total. First, in periods of low gross earnings, GAAP accounting dictates lower amortization. Second, expense initiatives taken near the end of the quarter reduce future expenses, improving future expected gross profits, requiring us to write up the DAC asset. And third, continued improvement in retention also resulted in a write up. Moving to global asset management, fourth quarter 2008 earnings of $27 million compared to $30 million in the year ago quarter. Higher earnings in fourth quarter 2008 from performance incentives were more than offset by the impact of lower average assets under management and the lower fees due to the slow-down in the real estate market. Moving to international asset management and accumulation, fourth quarter earnings of $18 million compared to $25 million a year ago. The decline was primarily due to weakening of Latin American currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which reduced fourth quarter 2008 earnings by nearly $7 million after tax, when compared to the same period in 2007. Both periods benefited by about $4 million after tax from higher yields on invested assets in Chile, due to unusually high inflation. A couple of other comments, first on Principal Internationals net cash flow: excluding about $1.2 billion of outflows during the year from corporate money market funds in India, net cash flows would be up modestly from 2007. The global liquidity crisis has made the money market funds unprofitable and we reduced our exposure pending improvement in market conditions. Excluding India, net cash flows were 9% of beginning of year assets, with another outstanding year in Brazil, which generated net cash flows of $1.4 billion. Ill also comment on Principal Internationals return on equity. Based upon normalized earnings, segment ROE is approximately 10.3% for the trailing 12 months. ROE is highly sensitive to foreign currency rates and at todays levels ROE will be pressured in 2009. At $51 million, fourth quarter earnings for life and health insurance were up 20% from a year ago quarter. With 2008 earnings up 22%, segment ROE improved 250 basis points from a year ago to 13.5%. Individual life earnings were $30 million for fourth quarter 2008, compared to $26 million for the same period in 2007, reflecting growth in the block of business overall, and $3 million of additional earnings from updating the policyholder dividend scale to reflect experience of the closed block. Specially benefit division earnings were $27 million for fourth quarter 2008 compared to $26 million for the same period in 2007. Favorable claims experience in the disability lines of business was partially offset by lower investment income and a return of a more normal loss ratios for dental and group life lines. Reflecting expected claims seasonality and higher deductible plans, the health division had a loss of $6 million in fourth quarter 2008. This compares to a loss of $9 million in the year ago quarter with the improvement primarily due to lower loss ratios. For the year, health division earnings improved 79% and the division ROE was 15.5% at year end.  Let me now comment briefly on net realized capital losses. In fourth quarter 2008, we recognized capital losses of $189 million, bringing full year capital losses to $505 million  $297 million of the losses for the year are credit-related, including $110 million between Lehman Brothers and Washington Mutual. Although higher than normal during this period of financial crisis, adherence to our internal credit exposure guidelines and the resulting diversification has helped limit our losses. Id also point out approximately $110 million of the net realized losses in 2008 were on securities that were marked-to-market through the income statement, but we believe should recover when more normal investment conditions return. In effect, these losses for accounting purposes will not necessarily equate to a true loss of capital over the long-term. We recognize there is concern with gross unrealized losses, which increased $3.8 billion from September 30. Let me offer a few thoughts. First, as Larry mentioned, given the longer term nature of our liabilities and our disciplined asset liability management, we have the ability and intent to hold assets until maturity. Similar to last quarter, widening credit spreads, driven more by forced selling into a thinly traded bond market than credit fundamentals, was the primary driver behind the increasing gross unrealized losses. We continue to believe the fundamentals of our fixed maturity portfolio remain sound. Our assets continue to contractually perform and we expect them to mature at par. As an estimate of the significant illiquidity premium being reflected in the cash market prices, if you use the more actively traded credit default swap market as observable data, the increase in gross unrealized losses on our corporate bond portfolio would have been approximately $3.4 billion lower in the fourth quarter.  In addition, using the CMBX Index, gross unrealized losses on our CMBS portfolio would have been $800 million lower. So in total, gross unrealized losses of $8.2 billion would have been $4.2 billion lower using synthetic markets. We believe this demonstrates that gross unrealized losses are not representative of future investment losses. Again, while we anticipate higher than normal losses in this environment, we believe that we have the ability to accommodate them. In response to investor interests, let me also comment on bank preferred securities, to which we have $2 billion of exposure. Given investor concern with certain banks in the U.K. and Ireland, in particular, those that have already been nationalized or with the greatest potential to be nationalized, Ill focus on these credits. Between Royal Bank of Scotland where we have Tier 1 exposure of $55 million and upper Tier 2 exposure of $46 million, Northern Rock where we have upper Tier 2 exposure of $35 million and Bank of Ireland where we have Tier 1 exposure of $73 million, these total $290 million or $128 million of tier one and $81 million of tier two. Id also note that all our bank preferred securities are current in their payments. In wrapping up my comments, let me discuss our outlook going forward. Id remind you that our December 10th guidance was based on starting 2009 with $265 billion in assets under management and an average S&P in 2009 of 900. As previously communicated, a 10% immediate decline in the markets, followed by a 2% per quarter increase, generates a reduction in total company earnings of roughly 4 to 6%. While the equity markets have continued to under-perform, there are signs that some of the other headwinds may be easing. Credit spreads, which widened significantly in the fourth quarter, have narrowed somewhat in 2009. We also see some confidence returning to the interbank and commercial paper markets. In addition, the new administrations fiscal stimulus package, which is beginning to take shape, could provide a meaningful boost to the economy in the second half of the year. Our challenge then, is to continue minimizing the impact of a poor economy and markets and to continue positioning the Principal to emerge even stronger when the markets recover. This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions. 
Operator: Before we open for questions, Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Larry Zimpleman.
Larry Zimpleman: Thank you. As you know, the rating agencies have the North American insurance industry on a negative outlook. This morning, we received word that Moodys has affirmed the financial strength rating of Principal Life Insurance Company at AA 2 with a negative outlook. We are pleased with Moodys affirmation of our ratings. Since we are in a stronger capital and liquidity position today than we they affirmed our rating in November, its our view the changing outlook primarily reflects market conditions as our fundamentals remain strong. Despite the negative outlook, our relative ratings remain strong and they provide our customers with comfort in our ability to meet our obligations. At this time, weve also not heard from any other rating agency regarding ratings changes. With that I would ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Well pause for just a moment for the Q&A roster.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman  UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Yes real quickly, good morning. The interest rate swaps, $200 million statutory derivative gain there, one of your competitors had a similar gain this morning and theyve kind of locked in the gain, could you review whether you locked in that gain and then how that program is going to work going forward? And then I believe I can ask a follow up question.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay Andrew, good morning. I had a little trouble hearing you; you were cutting out a little bit. I believe you were asking about the $200 million statutory gain and I think your words were to the extent to which thats locked in?
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Yes, and going forward, how that might play out as you work with that derivative program, how that would play out?
Larry Zimpleman: Just a quick comment and maybe Terry will want to add something on it. I think as he said in his comments, it is a net position on statutory books and, thus, it is subject to some fluctuation up and down as markets would fluctuate, but its certainly been in all of our capital calculations in the past, so you can see it hasnt provided significant fluctuation. Each time, of course, over time as the book of derivatives grows, the fluctuations can become slightly greater, but I wouldnt expect to see anything too dramatic going forward. That number will bounce around, it wouldnt be too dramatic, and let me see if Terrys got something he wants to add.
Terry Lillis: You are absolutely correct, Larry. The derivatives, the gainer or loss  the net position of gains or losses are always in our statutory calculations. The reason that we're pointing it out this time is because of the significant drop in the interest rate this quarter had a little bit more meaningful impact and that is why we are sharing it at this time.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Okay and then just one quick follow up, with regard to the deferred tax asset, youre asking the Iowa insurance division to allow $120 million, I guess, how  you just mentioned Moodys and they reaffirmed your rating with a negative outlook, how are the rating agencies looking at given that maybe the other insures in the other states wont be able to garner that benefit. Do they look through it or do they agree that thats $120 million of additional capital?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, Ill try to again to kind of provide a little bit of color on that, Andrew, and then Terry might want to add some more. I mean I think that, again clearly it is based on permitted practice, which the Iowa department has indicated for this year, and I think, as it relates to stat accounting, the thing I would remind everybody is that stat accounting has been and continues to be a very conservative method of accounting relative to GAAP. So the $120 million, again, is actually a reasonably small piece of a total deferred tax asset and so it would be inappropriate to conclude that change in permitted practice is somehow a real weakening of what we know to be conservative statutory accounting. So I guess I just wanted to provide that reminder, and then Ill have Terry comment in more detail.
Terry Lillis: Youre right, Larry. The statutory accounting is very conservative in this particular aspect of the deferred tax asset. We went to the Iowa insurance department and asked for this permitted practice because of the nature of the deferred tax asset at this point in time. The admissibility of it is as Larry mentioned, is a relatively small portion of it, about [9%] of the gross deferred tax asset, and we think this is in line with the conservative nature of the assets.
Larry Zimpleman: And as it relates to the rating agencies, Andrew, I think again they have a real understanding of this and they are certainly taking into account appropriately, recognizing that its a permitted practice at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Just a quick one on the risk-based capital, I know its still a moving target, but within that range, can you just give us a ball park estimate on the numerator and denominator that goes with that?
Larry Zimpleman: John, to be honest with you, I dont have that much detail. Again, we think that, as we estimated, its going to be in the range of 420 to 440%, but let me ask Terry if hes got more of the numerator and the denominator.
Terry Lillis: Yes, our estimate on the total adjusted capital numbers are $5.1 billion at this time. Although, as Larry said, it is a moving target.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes, understood. Thats perfect. Thank you and then the only other question I have for you is, thinking about the 401(k) business and going back to your investor day, and your outlook for net flows and sort of the organic growth of this business, I wondered if there is any reason to revisit that outlook in light of what feels like anyway, a month or two later, as maybe more dramatic economic pressures in general. And then also we continue to watch, almost day-by-day, as more and more companies, at least in the United States, continue to eliminate their company matches. So I was wondering if you could sort of comment on what, if any, affect that might have relative to your expectations when you outline them at Investor Day?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Its a great question, John. Ill certainly have Dan give you a little bit of color in all those areas of participation, deferral and so forth. I would just note that if any of you had a chance to see the Journal this morning, there was a nice article about small firms adding 401(k)s, which I think plays to our strengths. But Ill have Dan provide you a little more color here.
Dan Houston: Yes John, relative to what we updated there on, I believe it was December the 10th, we still feel very good about Q1. There was a modest uptick in pipeline in Q4. Its trailed off a little bit from there, but again we feel like were having a good shot at a lot of good opportunities and youll note in the press release, we announced a very large institutional win in the not-for-profit area, particularly a hospital. So again thats still a very thriving market for us.  As it relates to the elimination or in some cases, suspension of the match, again a lot of our business is small to medium or smaller institutional, so weve not seen a lot of decreases in match announcements to our customer base. Two things that have impacted us, on the very smaller plans weve seen some businesses go out of business, some foreclosures, some discontinued businesses, and our mid-size market weve seen the shut down of some plants and some locations being reduced.  But all-in-all, if we look at hardship withdrawals, loans, those are still on track with what I had said back in December, which is a modest uptick in withdrawals, relative to hardships, and actually a decrease in loans both measured in dollars and measured in participants making requests for loans.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Interesting. Okay thanks for the update. I appreciate it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Colin Devine with Citigroup. 
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  I have a couple of questions. First, could you just clarify [you mentioned] the improvement in the RBC and reflected some relief on the margins experience adjustment factor. And then two follow-ups, on the job and book value which of course is impacting the stock today, why do you think the 72% drop you had is more than double the peer group average? What is it about Principal that is causing it to be so volatile? And then finally, Larry, you mentioned the article in the Journal today. You laid out all the distribution youve added since the IPO, total retirement services, and yet the number of plans that you have has not moved, in fact its slightly declined since the IPO. How do we conclude this is a thriving business? 
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay let me talk just a little bit about the second one, Colin, around book value, and then maybe Terry can comment on the [ME] factor, then Dan can do the plan count and I think hell also get into participant flows and so forth as well.  What I would say, Colin, on the book value, and Im going to try to be relatively brief because I know we have other people who also want to answer questions, but fourth quarter was a particularly unusual quarter in a lot of circumstances. And in terms of the GAAP items and the changes that you see there in book value, one of the real elements there that I think you need to take into account is exactly how derivative movements impacted GAAP book value for those writers who had large, variable annuity exposure.  As you know, we have deliberately kept a very minimal exposure to variable annuity with guaranteed minimum benefits, and as a result of that, while we do have a hedging program, its small relative to what other peer companies would be, and youve noticed as youve looked at those peer companies that theyve all had very, very large increases in their derivative income, in their net income figures all associated with that guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit. So, on the GAAP side just because a particular movement in derivative marks this quarter, its actually come through as a net income gain. Now on the statutory side, of course, it has the opposite effect, which is why you see our RBC ratio increase and youve seen our excess capital position increase. So I would just caution everybody to sort of take into account as theyre interpreting our results relative to peers, that again we remain comfortable that our decisions to minimize that variable annuity exposure, while it may have had what looks to be some negative impacts in GAAP in Q4, its still the right decision over the long term. And let me have Terry briefly comment on [ME] and then Dan on plan count.
Terry Lillis:  Yes Colin, as youre aware, last year we had some very minimal experience in terms of losses in our commercial mortgage portfolio and because of that, our [ME] factor was extraordinarily high. Moody's adjusted the 375% RBC  376% RBC ratio to 406%. We are seeing our experiences more in line with the rest of the industry at this time and so our [ME] factor is one in line with everyone else. Thats why were seeing that increase from to 420% to 445% this year, and Dan on plans.
Dan Houston:  Yes sure, very quickly Colin, we are seeing increases in that mid-size plan, roughly a 3% increase on those plans from 500 to 1000, we saw an 8% increase on those over 1,000. I would say that our alliance partners typically focus on an average case thats larger than our historical small to medium size independent career agents and brokers. Id also comment that TRS by its definition, lent itself to a larger size plan because of the multiple coverages being provided, and the last comment Id make is this was a big year for us in the not-for-profit area, many of those plans becoming ERISA compliant. Again hospital market and not-for-profits tend to be a little bit larger plan.  To the very specific question in the small case market, we did double our results in the TPA area, with a number that exceeded $800 million and that continues to be one of our growth areas for the small case plan market, going head-to-head with some major competitors, as you know, leveraging the use of local TPAs, as opposed to providing that service ourselves.
Operator:  Our next question comes from line of Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Great thank you. Just two questions, I guess, just a follow-up on Colins question on the book value. I hear what youre saying about the unrealized losses and the peer group comparisons and I think Moody's comment that in its press release also about their view that you probably wouldnt have to realize these unrealized losses, but to Colins point, the market seems to care about it. And I guess for Larry, you talked about dynamic management at the Investor Day in December. What is the plan with respect to this number? Are we just going to ride this out and wait for credit spreads to come back and perhaps for bonds to mature? Or is there anything that you can do more actively to manage this number slightly higher? And then Ill have a second question.
Larry Zimpleman:  Suneet, I think Ill just make a comment or two on it, and again I think we understand the point around it, which is again why weve tried to emphasize; weve built our liquidity position by 94%. Weve always had a very disciplined asset liability management approach. We only have 1.2% of our liabilities that can be prepaid prior to maturity. So I think weve got a lot of elements that sometimes sort of maybe arent taken fully into account as people are looking at that.  Now again, the other thing weve done on the asset side Suneet, is weve tried really hard to provide very specific measures, and I'll maybe have Jim McCaughan comment generally, but very specific measures of what we think the illiquidity premium is, because of the nature of our assets and wanting to be call protected, were a little bit more in private market assets, which today do have that illiquidity premium. And if you just sort of run the quick calculation based on what Terry said earlier, with the $4.2 billion lower realized losses using synthetics, and you run that through book value Suneet, what you get is you get that to be about somewhere between $8.5 and $9 for book value. So what you see there is sort of $7.45 in our view is actually at a minimum would be more like $16 or $17 just based on the ill liquidity premium, and maybe I can just have Jim comment real quickly on sort of his thoughts around the market and the illiquidity premium and how long that might persist. 
Jim McCaughan:  The fixed income market, and particularly over the last three or four months, has been disrupted. The overworked word is unprecedented, but it really is unprecedented to the extent to which the disruption has happened, and the very low liquidity. To give you some examples, in an area such as [CMBX], the only sellers, or the only trades there are in the market over the last few months have been deleveraging hedge funds and double structured products. And of course, when theres a one-way trade like that with very motivated sellers; that tends both to force prices down and to mean very, very low volume. In fact in some of these markets, the volumes have been 1 or 2% of what they were two years ago.  The derivative market that Terry described, particularly taking the [CMBX] and the case of the [CMBX] market is somewhat more liquid. Its not perfect, but thats really the origin of the numbers that Larry gave of at least part of the liquidity premium being clearly accounted for, by that number of $4.2 billion that Terry described. To give you some kind of indication of the environment here, for some of these bonds, and I'm not just talking about [CMBX] area here, I'm also talking about some of the corporate bonds. You're down from maybe 10 or 12 dealers to two or three dealers. Some of the dealers have gone out of business, others have withdrawn capital from the market, and those two dealers that are left, are themselves highly conflicted because of the proprietary trading they have.  So, I think if you add all this up large parts of the bond market could be described as technically inactive, and that's why although we've used them for GAAP purposes and getting to that 745 book value, it is very important both to test the market values to see what really is the fair value, as opposed to just a mark in a very restricted market, and also to look at the stress testing that we've described in the past at Investor Day and which we've really been trying to encourage investors to see the real situation of the upper portfolio. I hope that helps.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  No, it does. Hopefully the accountants start to realize that too. My second question is on the excess capital and it'll just be brief. In the past, and I think it was when you provided guidance, you talked about  well there's a statement that says you have something to the effect no plans to raise common equity for non-strategic reasons. I don't know, I didn't see that in your current press release. I apologize if it was there. I don't think you made that statement on this call. I was wondering if you could, you know, reaffirm that statement if that is in fact the case.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, I mean again just to comment briefly on that. I mean I'd say with $800 million of current excess capital, we do believe that we remain in a strong capital position, but we're going to continue to evaluate that position, given the uncertainty and the length and the depth of the recession.  So, I think we, like all of our peer companies, we are going to continue to monitor and evaluate all forms of capital, and we'll make decisions on what we want to do or what we want to use if anything and under what terms. Is this going to remain a very dynamic environment? We feel good that we've made progress from September 30th to today, and again we'll just monitor as this recession continues to grind forward.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: I think this question's for Julia and I apologize as it's been covered somewhat, but just to understand procedurally the cash versus the synthetic approach. Have you always, over the last three, four quarters used more of a cash approach than a synthetic approach? So, has there been any change in that methodology? And should we read that the lower cash marks are potentially a sign of a slow return of the bond market? And that we'd be stuck with lower cash marks versus synthetic for the next few quarters.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes I'll just have Julia quickly comment. Go ahead.
Julia Lawler:  We have always used cash marks or an IDC type pricing in doing our financial statements. We added this quarter a spreadsheet indicating the differences between CBS and [CMBX] because of the dramatic move in cash prices versus synthetic prices. So, it was more for to remind people that fair value really isn't represented in the cash market. We did indicate that cash spreads have improved a bit in first quarter, but I think there is an indication that's going to be a slow return. 
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Yes, no it's great, thanks. But just to clarify, I mean was there ever a point in the third or the fourth quarter where you had to rely more on synthetics? Or have you always been cash?
Julia Lawler:  We've always put our financial statement and analysis around cash marks. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets.
John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets: I just wanted to quickly understand, you had sited at a $5.1 billion number. I wanted to know what that number was. Was that statutory book value at year end?
Larry Zimpleman:  I'll have Terry comment on that.
Terry Lillis:  That's the total adjusted capital on the statutory books; it's made up of three parts, the statutory equity, the MSBR plus half the dividend liability.
John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, so in a sense that represents kind of the liquidation value?
Terry Lillis:  That's basically the statutory accounting treatment of it. It wouldn't necessarily be the liquidation value of the organization.
John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets: But I guess in theory so it seems that  the way that I understood statutory accounting, in a broad sense that number would represent something along the lines of a liquidation value, whereas the GAAP book value historically isn't thought of as a going concern value. If you've got these two numbers upside down, I was just wondering if you could help me reconcile in my mind how that can exist for a long period of time.
Larry Zimpleman:  John, I don't know that we have that detail here and we can certainly dig into that later. Again what I would say, again I think the key principle here is that stat accounting has been and remains a very conservative method of accounting relative to GAAP. So, I think that's really the kind of key variable. That's always been the case. I think that's appropriate. Again stat is looking more at the solvency basis. So, the details around that in those numbers we'll have to get back to you on, but clearly stat is a much more conservative method than GAAP.
John Hall  Wachovia Capital Markets: And then I guess Julia mentioned that we've seen a little bit of recovery since the beginning of the year, I was wondering if you could just put a little bit of I guess numbers or breadth around that?
Larry Zimpleman:  I don't know, Julia or Jim maybe, do you have any comments do you want to add on that? Jim follows that carefully as well.
Jim McCaughan:  Yes two things I'd say, John. I think firstly, it used to be the case that securities analysts sort of felt that stat as liquidation and GAAP as growing concern, but nowadays when you're using cash mark in GAAP, it actually isn't really a going concern valuation to that extent. It's got elements of the [fire bill], which are pretty inappropriate in an organization that's holding those assets to meet long-term liabilities and with a very clear ability and intent to hold.  So, I think your [understanding] between stat and GAAP would have been right a few years ago, but I think the way they've evolved, it's no longer so sound. In terms of what's happened so far this year, there's a lot of analysis to put numbers on it. On the corporate side you would have to say the yields have probably  spreads have come in quite a bit, and so it's probably looking better, but it's hard to quantify. On the [CMBX] side the markets still frozen up. So, I wouldn't hold out a lot of gains there, but we continue to monitor it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Two real quick questions, first in the Moody's release they talk about pre-tax investment losses in excess of $500 million in '09 as a potential factor for a downgrade, and Larry, it sounds  obviously the number was a fair bit higher in '08 and it sounds like you're suggesting that it could be higher in '09. So, I'm wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about that. And then, Terry, I was wondering could you just give us a sense of preliminary statutory operating earnings for '08? And is there any reason, other than major market change for that to deviate materially in '09?
Larry Zimpleman:  I'll just try to cover briefly in the interest of time here. In terms of the Moody's release, again I think as Terry said in his note, the actual credit losses during 2008 were about $300 million, and again what we've always tried to distinguish there, and I think is reflected in their rating, is not  I mean there's other noise in there that of course doesn't necessarily reflect credit. So, again that's I think essentially the answer to the first one. And, Terry, do you want to comment on the second one?
Terry Lillis:  Yes the second one is statutory numbers are still being finalized, but at this time our estimate of [key in] from operation is $650 million.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  And is that sort of a normal run rate level? Or it seems like that maybe is a little bit lower than normal.
Terry Lillis:  No, it's about a normal run rate.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  I'm sorry. Could you say that again?
Terry Lillis:  Yes, it's about a normal run rate for us.
Operator:  We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay well thank you. In closing, I do want to thank all of you for joining us, and I again appreciate all of your interest in Principal Financial Group. Certainly, we know there's challenges ahead, but we do believe we face them from a position of strong fundamentals and probably more importantly, a very diversified set of businesses and a continuing focus on risk management So, with that again we appreciate your interest and we look forward to the opportunity to meet with many of you in the near future. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 pm Eastern time, until end of the February 17, 2009; 80317341 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial in for the replay is 800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 for international callers. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Graf  SVP, IR Larry Zimpleman  President and CEO Terry Lillis  SVP and CFO Julia Lawler  SVP and Chief Investment Officer Dan Houston  President, Retirement and Investor Services John Aschenbrenner  President, Insurance and Financial Services Jim McCaughan  President, Global Asset Management
Analysts: Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Colin Devine  Citigroup Andrew Kligerman  UBS Dan Johnson  Citadel Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch Eric Berg  Barclays Capital 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. A brief announcement before moving on. In the next few days, invitations will be distributed by e-mail to our Investor Day, which will take place at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City on December 10. Our Investor Day will also be accessible via webcast. Details will be publicly announced about a week in advance of the event. Moving back to the third quarter call, as always, if you dont already have a copy, the earnings release, financial supplement, and additional information on the companys investment portfolio can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following our reading of the Safe Harbor Provision, Chief Executive Officer, Larry Zimpleman; and Chief Financial Officer, Terry Lillis will deliver some prepared remarks. Larry will cover performance highlights and our capital strategy. Terry will provide a detailed overview of financials and our investment portfolio. Then we will open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are our three Division Presidents, John Aschenbrenner, responsible for the Life and Health Insurance segment; Dan Houston, responsible for the U.S. Asset Accumulation segment; and Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management. Also available is Julia Lawler, our Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Larry?
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. As indicated, I will start this morning by commenting on operating results and key performance measures. Our results for the third quarter were again very solid, particularly in light of a weakening economy and challenging market conditions. We again saw the value and benefit of a diverse portfolio of businesses, with record revenues and earnings from Principal International and another strong quarter overall for the Life and Health Insurance segment. And we continue to see the strength of our US Retirement franchise and our Asset Management and Accumulation businesses overall, as demonstrated by strong deposit growth and positive net cash flows. At $11.1 billion for the trailing 12 months, we have increased operating revenues by 2%, demonstrating continued revenue stability in spite of poor equity markets which have erased nearly $34 billion of assets under management over the trailing four quarters. Our competitive strengths continue to be evident in deposits and net cash flows, at the time when a number of asset management peers are experiencing weaker deposits, heavy redemptions, and negative net cash flows. Over the trailing 12 months, our Asset Management and Accumulation segments have produced $121 billion of deposits, an increase of 23%. Coupled with strong retention, these segments have produced nearly $17 billion of net cash flows over the same period. In the third quarter, Full Service Accumulation delivered $1.3 billion of sales, against our second best result on record in the year ago quarter. While nine-month sales of $6.2 billion are down from the same period a year ago, we view the third quarter and 2008 performance as strong, particularly in an environment where equity market declines have driven down plan assets, plan sponsors have slowed decision-making in the face of extreme market volatility, and some of our distribution partners have experienced disruption. As previously communicated, our 2007 results reflected exceptional employee stock ownership plan sales. Excluding ESOP from both periods, Full Service Accumulation sales are actually up 8% through nine months. Because of the higher returns on non-ESOP assets, current year-to-date sales will drive about 4% higher revenues and sales for the first nine months of 2007. As we have seen in years past, factors that negatively impact Full Service Accumulation sales often have a positive impact on withdrawals. Based on assets, contract level withdrawals are down 15% year to date. The net result, Full Service Accumulation net cash flows at $4.9 billion through nine months are up 33% from the same period a year ago. For the trailing 12 months, net cash flows equate to 5.7% of beginning of period account values toward the top of our 4% to 6% target range. Our work with advisers to retain at-risk participant assets continues to be successful as well. Through nine months, weve retained nearly $1.5 billion of participant assets into our mutual fund, individual annuity, and bank products, demonstrating the strength of our asset retention capabilities and the depth and breadth of our retail rollover solutions. Moving to Principal Global Investors, assets under management are down 6% from a year ago. By comparison, a number of asset management peers have reported asset under management declines 2 to 4 times that level, reflecting a depth and breadth of asset management capabilities, Principal Global Investors continues to deliver strong net cash flows, nearly $14 billion over the trailing 12 months, offsetting a substantial portion of the impact of poor equity market performance. Principal Global Investors continues to be highly successful gathering unaffiliated assets as well, driving continued strong growth in third-party asset management fees, which Terry will discuss in more detail. Relative investment performance remained strong, particularly for the three-year and five-year periods with 63% and 75% of the retirement plan separate accounts, managed by Principal Global Investors in the top two Morningstar quartiles, reflecting short-term fluctuations and the nature of investing in volatile markets for the one-year period, that number dropped from 64% at midyear to 40% at September 30. We are keeping an eye on all our funds, but believe they will continue to do well over the full market cycle. At $265 million, Principal International delivered record operating revenues in the third quarter, bringing year-to-date revenues to $700 million, an increase of nearly 30% over the prior year period. Principal International continues to be an important contributor to our earnings diversification, with $108 million of earnings year to date, an increase of 26%. In part, this reflects operations that are less equity sensitive than the US Asset Accumulation and Global Asset Management segments. Through nine months, declines due to market performance were less than 2.5% of Principal Internationals beginning-of-year assets under management. We continue to benefit from diversification provided by the Life and Health segment as well. Segment earnings are up 23% year to date, with strong improvement from a year ago for the Health and Specialty Benefit divisions, and stable earnings from Individual Life division on a lower capital base. With external conditions being so difficult, we believe it is also important to address three interrelated areas  our outlook for realized investment losses, capital management, and our insurer financial strength ratings. As you know, the rating agencies have placed a negative outlook on the North American life insurance sector. This reflects concern that market conditions are likely to produce higher realized investment losses over time, putting pressure on capital ratios. This is clearly a concern of the investment community as well. As we look at the environment, we anticipate that higher than normal realized investment losses on corporate credits will continue. While losses to date on commercial mortgages have been minimal, we anticipate defaults and losses on commercial mortgages will increase in the future. A key point, though, is that we believe the increase will occur over a period of several years. Thus, we also believe we will have the ability to accommodate these losses going forward through the use of a number of capital management levers. I would remind investors of three important features of our business mix. First, our three key growth businesses require little capital to support organic growth, which enables us to generate substantial free cash flows on an ongoing basis. Second, because of strong liquidity in our general account, we have the flexibility to selectively scale back on certain capital-intensive businesses to free up additional capital. And third, we manage our investment portfolio to match our liabilities, which are longer term. This, along with our strong liquidity position, drives our intent and ability to hold, which is especially important in these turbulent times. As another significant point of differentiation, I would remind you that we purposefully made variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits a small part of our business. With only $1 billion in this block, equity market volatility has minimal impact on earnings for the Individual Annuities business and Life company capital ratios are not leveraged to equity market changes like many of our peers. Reflecting dynamic market conditions, the company has continued to enhance liquidity, increasing cash and cash equivalent holdings by more than 50% from June 30 to $2.3 billion at quarter end. We have made adjustments in our general account investment strategies, investing new cash flows primarily into government and agency-backed securities and other liquid investments. And over the past several weeks, we have closed out our very modest general account securities lending program. As also communicated in our pre-announcement, only 4% of our institutional-guaranteed interest contracts and funding agreements can be redeemed prior to maturity for any reason. To be clear, as we have regularly stated, strong relative ratings remain important to us. They provide customers with comfort in our ability to meet our obligations. But with the sector on negative outlook, it is likely there will be more downgrades than upgrades. As such, we think it is important for investors to understand that our key growth engines, US Asset Accumulation, Principal Global Investors, and Principal International would continue to operate successfully at a lower rating, particularly if downgrades are industry-wide. Before turning the call over to Terry, I would like to expand on the discussion in our pre-announcement around actions we have already taken to build capital cushion above our September 30 position of $375 million of capital in excess of what is needed to maintain our current credit rating between the Life and holding companies. As indicated in the pre-release, management has suspended purchases under the existing share repurchase authorization and as another measure of prudent capital management, the Board decided to adjust the common stock dividend. As also indicated, we are working on a number of ways to maximize internally-generated capital above and beyond what is currently being generated from ongoing operations. This includes managing growth of the capital-intensive businesses and new expense initiatives, including limitations on new hiring and reducing 2009 merit increases by more than 75%. We expect these efforts to be a source of approximately $400 million of additional capital over the next four quarters. As a savings and loan holding company, we are eligible to participate in certain government programs. As details emerge, were evaluating our options and considering our strategy to utilize these additional sources of capital flexibility. Importantly, there is an opportunistic element to our strategy. It encompasses organic sales growth as well as acquisitions where we see a growing number of prospects, particularly in Asset Management and International Retirement services, two of the companys three growth engines. Additional capital cushion will help position us to capitalize on these organic growth and acquisition opportunities. As we assess these, we will also continue to evaluate the wide range of financing options available to us. To be clear, our actions and the options we are exploring reflect prudent capital management in a time of volatile and uncertain market conditions. They are not a signal of concern about our investment portfolio, which as Terry will discuss, continues to perform very well. Terry?
Terry Lillis:  Thanks, Larry. As indicated, this morning Ill spend a few minutes providing financial detail for the company and each of our operating segments, including items impacting comparability between periods. I will also cover our investment portfolio. Let me start with total company results. At $0.96 in third quarter 2008, operating earnings per share were down $0.22 from a year ago. As communicated in last years release, third quarter 2007 earnings had $37 million or $0.14 a share in benefiting items. The largest item, a $30 million benefit in Full Service Accumulation from refining deferred revenue and expense assumptions. By comparison, we have no net benefits in the current quarter, so we view reported earnings per share as our run rate for the quarter. The remainder of the variance primarily reflects the impact of poor equity markets on the current quarter deferred policy acquisition cost asset. This resulted in true ups driving higher deferred acquisition cost amortization expense of approximately $0.07 a share, and a couple of smaller items, including partnership losses in the corporate segment and lower earnings from pre-payment fee income. These dampened current quarter earnings by $0.03 a share in total. Excluding these, earnings increased about 2%, consistent with our increase in average assets under management. Had market performance over the past four quarters been consistent with our 2% per quarter assumption, we would have finished the quarter with an additional $60 billion-plus of assets under management. Using current business and product mix, this would conservatively translate into an additional $0.18 to $0.22 of earnings per share for the quarter, and double digit earnings per share growth over a normalized third quarter 2007. Moving to US Asset Accumulation, segment account values decreased $15.5 billion or 8.5% from a year ago to $166 billion at quarter end. Negative investment performance due to equity market declines has erased nearly $22 billion over the trailing four quarters, with $11.6 billion of that decrease coming during third quarter 2008 between Full Service Accumulation and Principal Funds. That $137 million segment operating earnings for third quarter 2008 were down $50 million from third quarter 2007. The decline in segment earnings primarily reflects results for the Full Service Accumulation business which generated $65 million of earnings in third quarter 2008. This compares to $111 million in third quarter 2007, which as I mentioned, included a $30 million after-tax benefit. The decrease from a year ago for Full Service Accumulation also reflects a true up in third quarter 2008 to the deferred policy acquisition cost asset, resulting in a higher DAC amortization expense of $7 million after tax, and a 5% drop in average account values from third quarter 2007. Both of these are due to significant equity market declines. The decline also reflects lower income tax benefits of about $4.5 million. On this last point, as you know, Full Service Accumulation receives a tax benefit for domestic dividends in our separate accounts. Due to a number of factors, we are receiving lower dividends from domestic equities within these accounts and as a result, have a lower tax benefit. Those factors include lower gains, change in product mix, and investors moving out of equities. One other point, as you know, the revenue impact of a sharp sequential drop in account values is immediate. On the other hand, it takes time to align expenses with lower revenue and our actions have to contemplate ongoing investments and long term growth. That said, excluding the deferred policy acquisition cost impact through ongoing expense management initiatives, weve reduced segment operating expenses by 6% compared to second quarter 2008 and full service accumulation expenses by 5%. Moving to Global Asset Management, third quarter earnings of $24 million compared to $28 million a year ago. The decline from a year ago reflects a decrease in net investment income due to lower rates on escrows, lower transaction and borrower fees due to slowdown in the real estate market, and third quarter 2008 severance costs. Excluding these items, earnings were up about 1% on the 2% increase in average assets under management. Similar to Full Service Accumulation, we are seeing some institutional investors delaying decisions in response to market volatility. That said, Principal Global Investors continues to be highly successful gathering third party assets with unaffiliated deposits of nearly $1 billion or 16% compared to the prior-year quarter and up $3 billion or 18% year to date. Fees for managing third party assets are up 15% over the prior-year quarter and 24% year to date, reflecting continued success in equities and high yield. The increase also reflects our third quarter 2007 acquisition of Morley, which has proven to be a very timely transaction with market conditions increasing investor appetite for stable value options. As indicated in our pre-announcement, during the third quarter, we decided to terminate the segments commercial mortgage securities issuance operation. We had already reduced the loan inventory to a very low level and we now view the market for new commercial mortgage backed securities issuances as unlikely to revive in the foreseeable future. Historical financials have been restated and are reported through net income in the other after-tax adjustments line, including $4.8 million of losses or $0.02 per share from that operation in third quarter 2008. Moving to International Asset Management and Accumulation, third quarter earnings were up 13% from a year ago to a record $44 million. Third quarter 2008 earnings included a $5 million unlocking benefit for price changes in Brazil, and a $7 million experience benefit from higher yields on invested assets in Chile, due to unusually-high inflation. Third quarter 2007 earnings included a $9 million unlocking benefit from regulations enacted that quarter in Mexico, and a $5 million experience benefit also due to unusually high inflation in Chile. Excluding items from both periods, earnings increased about 30%. The increase reflects organic growth that remains in the 15% to 20% range, plus the benefit of favorable currency exchange. I would point out that in the first several weeks of the fourth quarter we have seen the US dollar strengthen significantly against our Latin American currencies. Should this continue, we will see pressure on segment earnings going forward. A couple of other comments, first on net cash flow. During the quarter, we had roughly $1 billion of outflows from liquid corporate money market funds in India. The global liquidity crisis has made this part of our business temporarily unprofitable and we are reducing our exposure until market conditions and profitability improves. I will also comment on Principal Internationals return on equity. Based on normalized earnings, segment return on equity is approximately 10.5% for the trailing 12 months. We remain on track to achieve sustainable return on equity of 11% by 2010 even in the face of a strengthening US dollar. At $74 million, third quarter earnings for the Life and Health segment were up 1% against a very solid prior-year quarter result. With year-to-date earnings up 23%, trailing 12-month return on equity improved 150 basis points from a year ago to 12.8%. At $21 million, Individual Life earnings were down $6 million from a strong year-ago quarter, but essentially flat excluding higher DAC amortization expense due to equity market declines and lower pre-payment fee income of about $2 million after tax. Specialty Benefits delivered record earnings of $31 million, an increase of 14%, reflecting improved claims results in three of the divisions four lines. Health earnings were $22 million for the quarter, an increase of 13%, primarily reflecting favorable development of claims from June 30, and continued success aligning expenses with revenues. As previously indicated, we continue to expect accounting treatment of high deductible health plans to result in losses in the fourth quarter for the Health division in the range of $5 million to $10 million. Let me now comment briefly on net realized capital losses. In third quarter 2008, we recognized $156 million of capital losses through the income statement, which includes $114 million of losses related to sale and permanent impairments of fixed maturity securities, $16 million of losses from the mark-to-market of seed money investments, and $13 million of impairment on equity securities. $89 million of this total loss relate to Lehman and Washington Mutual. Our internal credit exposure guidelines and resulting broad portfolio diversification have helped to limit our losses during this period of financial crisis. During the quarter, widening credit spreads, driven more by forced selling into a thinly traded bond market than credit fundamentals was the primary driver of our $1.7 billion increase in gross unrealized losses. We continue to believe the fundamentals of our fixed maturity portfolio remains sound, and that gross unrealized losses are a highly inaccurate representation of future investment losses. As communicated in our pre-release, using the more actively traded credit default swap market as observable data, we estimated the increase in gross unrealized losses would have been $1 billion lower. As another example of the market not reflecting underlying asset values or recognizing the importance of terms of the structure, in the third quarter, we had $441 million of credit CDOs payoff at par. This reduced our exposure to this asset class by 67% and reversed $243 million of gross unrealized losses from June 30. We recognize there is a concern with our increasing gross unrealized losses, but we believe too much emphasis is being given to scenarios in which significant portions of our gross unrealized losses become realized over a short period of time. Given the long term nature of our liabilities, our disciplined asset liability matching, and our strong liquidity position, we have the ability and intent to hold assets until maturity. As such, we do not have to sell assets to generate cash. In addition, history indicates that losses tend to emerge over a multi-year period during a credit cycle, and that commercial real estate losses tend to occur at the latter part of the cycle. Looking at our history from the last credit cycle, losses emerged over three years, 2001 to 2003. Our heaviest losses in any one quarter were just over 0.5% of beginning of year fixed maturity securities. Heaviest losses for our full year were just under 1%. Based on our current level of fixed maturity securities, that would translate into after-tax losses of about $350 million over the course of a year. In an effort to promote transparency, weve updated on our website some additional investment details. Ill briefly note that we have no exposure to the big three US auto makers. To wrap up my remarks, Ill comment specifically on three exposures  commercial mortgages, financials, and commercial mortgage-backed securities. Starting with commercial mortgages. Every single loan of our $11 billion portfolio is performing on schedule, coupled with 91% occupancy, 58% loan to value, and 1.8 times interest coverage, we remain extremely comfortable with our portfolio. Moving to financials, while weve realized some losses as a result of unprecedented market conditions, we believe the worst is over for this sector. Governments around the world are protecting their banking systems through capital infusions, guarantees on deposits, and other programs, creating a safety net for financial institutions that just doesnt exists for other sectors. With banks being the largest component of our sector holdings, we view our current exposure to financials as a positive. Regarding our commercial mortgage-backed securities holdings, weve included in our September 30, 2008 investment detail some new analysis applying Fitch's moderate and severe stress scenarios for 2006 and later vintages to our portfolio. As you know, the market has expressed specific concern about originator underwriting of these vintages. Under their moderate scenario, which produces total loan level losses of 3.6%, wed experience cumulative after-tax losses of $62 million, with 75% of those losses coming in years eight through ten. Even under Fitch's severe stress scenario, which applies a 40% decrease to appraised market values and negative 11% gross domestic product, our portfolio holds up very well. After tax losses, which would occur over an eight year period starting in year four, would be about $260 million in aggregate and wed estimate the maximum after-tax loss in any one year to be $71 million. This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  Great. Thank you. Good morning. First question, can you discuss the rationale behind the $250 million funding agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank? Was that to bolster your capital? Also, do you have updated number for the amount of capital you got from that facility through the end of the third quarter? And Ive just got couple of follow ups as well.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay. Good morning, Nigel. This is Larry. The FHLB program is not really a program focused around building up capital. It is rather just a program focused around making sure that liquidity is where it needs to be, and market conditions like these are. And maybe Ill just have Terry comment a little further about that.
Terry Lillis:  Good morning, Nigel. The $250 million issuance was at the end of the second quarter, since the second quarter, in the third quarter weve added an additional $750 million to bring it up to a total of $1 billion. They are all in the form of funding agreements at this time.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Then second question is just on the political landscape. I wonder Obamas policy is just to allow planned participants to withdraw 15% of their account balance, up to $10,000 without any penalty. Can you discuss how that will likely impact your pension business if that is enacted?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, Nigel. This is Larry. Ill comment on that. I mean I think that obviously at this time in a political season, and by the way I hope everybody takes advantages of their opportunity to get out and vote today. But this is the season for anybody and everybody to sort of throw their ideas out there, and the one that you mentioned is just one of a couple of handfuls of legislative ideas that everybody has. But as I think as you know, we have a very dedicated staff in Washington that is in very close contact with all the legislators and all the policy makers and I dont think that we foresee that in the near term. And I would say near term would be at least through 2009 onto 2010, there is going to be anything thats going to be very significant or in any way disruptive to 401(k) system. I think the policy makers understand that 401(k) system has actually put a nice safety net, if you will, into our capital markets, given the regular flow of capital that comes into both the equity and debt markets, and I think they are very reluctant to want to do too much to tinker with that. So, appreciate your questions.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  Great. And just one last clarification question on gross unrealized losses. Last quarter, youve provided us the data as to how much within relation to spread widening versus interest rates. Do you the same breakdown for us this quarter?
Larry Zimpleman:  Sorry, in relation to what, Nigel?
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  The breakdown between spread widening versus interest rate moves. You gave us a breakdown of the change in the gross unrealized losses last quarter. Do you have a similar breakdown this quarter?
Larry Zimpleman:  Sure. I will have Julia just comment quickly.
Julia Lawler:  Good morning, Nigel. Yes, basically in the third quarter 100% of the increase came from credit spread.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  So, wasnt there an offset with interest rates moving down? So, it would have been more than a 100%?
Julia Lawler:  There was some improvement in interest, sort of small enough. So, it is easy to say a 100% of it is credit spreads. It was pretty small on interest rate movement.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, very good. Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Nigel.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  Hi, thank you. I have a couple of questions. The first one if you could talk in a little bit more detail about just your pipeline for the pension business, given how the market is, I think you had mentioned in your remarks that just sponsors are unwilling to really transfer cases in this type of an environment, but anyway, if you could talk about your pipeline for the next few quarters. And then secondly on your Individual Life sale, youve grown at a very fast rate the last several quarters. I think this quarter your growth was about 13%, 43% in the second quarter. A lot of companies have been saying the market is very competitive, especially in the UL and term side, and if you could just talk about whats allowing you to grow so fast. I know you would have actually updated your UL-7 [ph] policy, and came out with some competitive products, but if you could talk about is it price that you are leading when there is something else thats driving your sales.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay. Jimmy, good morning. This is Larry. I will certainly have Dan Houston comment on the Full Service Accum and then John Aschenbrenner comment on Individual Life sales. Again, what I would really emphasis here is that the fundamentals of our business, no matter which particular segment, remain very, very solid and the sales increases that we are talking about whether it is our pension business, whether its our Individual Life business, really our fundamental sales increase is occurring across the board. They are not related to any one segment. They are not related to any one product. They really represent the really hard work that weve been going through over the last three or four years to build up new distribution partnerships and that we really having a success is sort of broadly across the landscape. Now I will turn it Dan to talk about Full Service Accum.
Dan Houston: 
, :
Larry Zimpleman:  John, you want to comment on Individual Life?
John Aschenbrenner:  Sure. As Larry was saying, it really is across a broad spectrum of products. There is not a single product thats generating the growth. So, it would be across UL, fixed UL, UL with secondary guarantees, some growth in term, some growth in survivorship, some good growth in our non-qualified offering, which utilizes variable life insurance. And its across a wide range of distribution. And as Larry mentioned, the key is not incredibly competitive pricing as much as it is reasonable pricing and a significant expansion of our distribution. And it is expansion that is very, very focused. So, it is not across a wide range of distribution partners, but is building very strong relationships with a small core of distribution partners as we go forward.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  And just a follow up, John, on the Health business, I think previously you had said that for 2008, you expected earnings of $45 million to $55 million. Now you are saying a $5 million to $10 million loss in the fourth quarter, which gives you $58 million to $63 million for the Health. Is that right? Are you improving your outlook for the Health business?
John Aschenbrenner:  Thats correct, Jimmy. Its now $58 million to $63 million.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  And the change is just better claims spend or is there something else that you have done?
John Aschenbrenner:  The change is really very fundamental. Weve other among this, for example, we brought in a new Chief Medical Officer and weve begun to really manage expenses and costs of care in a more intensive fashion. So, it really does reflect improved loss ratios really, again just good hard on-the-ground work and we believe in essence that it is sustainable.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  Okay. Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  You are welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath of Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Great. Thanks. Couple questions for Larry. First of all, with respect to your ratings, Larry, you mentioned that your three growth engines are not really rating sensitive. Should we take away from that, if you were faced with a downgrade to AA minus or A, by one of the major rating agencies, and the alterative was that youd either have to raise equity capital or get capital injection from, say, another firm, that you would perhaps be willing to accept the downgrade given the lack of impact on those three growth engines? And then the second question is  as youve talked about  I think you said, you would expect over the next four quarters to generate $400 million of capital and I think you walked through a couple of the components of that. I just wondering if, perhaps, maybe I wasnt listening carefully, but if you could walk through those again and maybe just highlight the ones that you think are the most significant. Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay. Very good question there. On the ratings issues, let me just start by saying that I think when you are in a challenging time like this and we know in fact that the rating agencies have all put the Life sector on negative outlook. I dont know, Suneet, with all due respect, its going to be sort of helpful to sit here and speculate about what the rating agencies may or may not do, vis-a-vis Principal Financial Group or frankly even the sector in total. The point that I tried to make, and I will just re-emphasize it again around ratings, is that strong relative ratings is really what we are more focused on. We dont really control the level at which any rating agencies would set the insurance sector. So, what is important to us is strong relative ratings and we think we have all the fundamentals of our businesses to maintain relative rating. So, I think I would just leave it at that and I wouldnt really try to speculate about what would happen with a certain level of one notch, two notch, whatever. I think thats all hypothetical and I really want to stay away from that at a time where there is so much uncertainty in the market. In regard to the $400 million, there are a number of elements to that. I would say, frankly that the two of that are most significant would be, number one, all the expense initiatives, many of which, several of which the most important I mentioned as well as the ability to selectively scale back on some of the capital intensive businesses. So, thats where the majority of that comes from.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Randy Binner of FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Thank you. Just a follow up on the $400 million of excess capital. Could we assume that would come ratably over the next four quarters, meaning a $100 million per quarter, or would it be more back end loaded?
Larry Zimpleman:  You know I would say  this is Larry, Randy. I mean, yes, I would say that it would come somewhat ratably over the four quarters, maybe just slightly less in, say, the first quarter out, and then maybe building just slightly more toward the end. But thats really more just a function of as expense initiatives kick in.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay, great. I apologize if I missed it in the call. Did you confirm that the excess capital currently is $375 million?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, we did. And again, just for clarification, I want to make sure that you understand the $400 million would be on  that weve been discussing, Randy, would be on top of the normal free cash flow that would otherwise be inherent in the earnings of the business. So, thats an additional source of $400 million.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Right. And is it fair, I think in the past youve talked about having to re-invest roughly 50% of the operating earnings into organic growth. I know you have the option. I guess, you could scale that back based on the $400 million number. But is that a good starting point for us to think about the free excess capital thats generated?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, I think the 50% is still a good starting point, Randy.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. And then, one another question. And I dont know if this is too hypothetical. But to touch back on the rating agency issue, I mean if there were a downgrade, maybe across the space, is it possible, maybe Terry could give us more color on  in the institutional products that are more rating sensitive. I mean, if not it would be a total loss if that income source or how would you continue to compete in that area, assuming kind of a broad downgrade across the space.
Larry Zimpleman:  Terry, you want to comment?
Terry Lillis:  Sure. Randy, if you look at the ratings that currently are being held, right now the AA rating would be needed for institutional investment-only business, as well as our full service payout business, as well as the immediate payout annuities of which all three of those are slower growth businesses at this point in time. And so, thats what I think Larry was saying that a growth engine, the accumulation business as the International business, as well as our Global Asset Management businesses are not tied to that AA rating in this current environment.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. Fair enough. Ill jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Randy. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Colin Devine of Citigroup.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Good morning, gentlemen. Couple of questions. First, I just want to confirm what you expect the RBC is going to end the year at? And how much of the improvement is coming from the dividend cut? Second with respect to the investment portfolio, Larry, the part that never seems to get really addressed on these calls is focusing on the credit risk. If we look at the BBBs and take the commercial mortgages, which appreciate your larger BBBs. But certainly thats the way the rating agencies see them best on the capital charges. Thats almost half of your portfolio. And thats seems to be unusually large and if you could comment if thats going to continue to be the policy? With respect to the dividend cut, you know everything you said today, if its also good and you can generate all those extra capital, then why did you have to take the very severe step of cutting the dividend by 50%. I mean that to me says do you think your investment portfolio is in trouble. And then the final one, again, all the very things about the defined contribution business and certainly the recurring deposits are very strong at 14%. Then why is the number of plans not growing, it remains very, very low, if this is such a thriving business, it seems to me you are losing market share within the DC business.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay, lets see. I think I got all those Colin. And let me first comment a little bit very quickly on the dividend cut. I know we have a number of people here and I want to continue to move through the queue. But let me say unequivocally in terms of the dividend cut, obviously that was a decision that the Board of Directors made, and I believe that from the standpoint of the Board, the dividend change and setting the dividend for 2008 was very clearly and very simply an issue of prudent capital management at a time of market uncertainty. And it is not in any reflection, Colin, any indication of any expected future losses of the investment portfolio. Again, I just want to emphasize that it really is a matter of just overall prudent capital management. Now in terms of the construction, if you will, the overall general account portfolio  let me just say again that that is a collaborative, ongoing dynamic process that does involve our entire senior management, all of our business heads, our Chief Investment Officer, and all of our asset management professionals. And in our case, I think we are different than some of our peer companies in that our liability structure is different as we commented earlier; it is longer and more specifically, Colin, I think we are more focused around the discipline of asset liability matching and more concerned about durational asset characteristics and perhaps not as willing to take interest rate risk or take optionality risk, which many of our peer companies perhaps are a little bit more willing to do. So, in terms of the construction of our portfolio, while there is, as we say, commercial mortgage and there is corporate credit that is in there, we believe that the combination works together very well. We have very tight internal exposure guidelines that limit our exposure and you certainly saw that work during the third quarter. And today, we actually feel, like we said in our prepared remarks, more comfortable with our financial exposure than certainly than any time in the more recent past, given the reduced systemic risks. So, I think that is a very manageable exposure. We remain very comfortable with that. I will have Dan comment very quickly on FSA plans.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  And the RBC for the end of the year.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, we will get to that one too.
Dan Houston:  This DC market share, you know, we have added 226 new cases in terms of growth from a year ago. We have added just short of a quarter of a million new plan members at 224,000. We have had growth in that 500 to 999 of roughly 4.3%. Cases of over 1000 employees, we've grown by 8.9%; and if we just looked at our alliance partners, which effectively did not exist in 2002, we have six of those appliance partners generating more than $100 million in new sales for us year to date in 08. I would say in the most recent quarter, we have transferred deposits which have not kept up, that is attributable to some of the lumpiness in some of these accounts, and as Larry was pointing out, if you take out the ESOP sales in 07 and 08 year to date, youd see actual growth in assets for Full Service Acum of approximately 8%. So I would say actually it is performing quite well.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Then why are the number of plans only growing at 1% to 2%, that has been consistent despite all your efforts. I mean, you are adding them, but clearly then you are losing them.
Larry Zimpleman:  Well again, I would just quickly comment, Colin. You have seen, for example, record keeping lines were up about 7%, which is certainly a good measure. You are seeing recurring deposits that are growing at about 14% annual pay. So I don't know that plan count would necessarily be the single or frankly, even the best measure that you would have around whether the block is growing and is healthy. And I will have Terry comment quickly on the RBC.
Terry Lillis:  Sure, the RBC, you know, as you are very well aware, there's a lot of things that go into this calculation. At the end of 2007, our RBC ratio was 376%. We expect it to be around 380% to 400% at the end of 2008. In terms of the impact or the volatility of the ratio, a good rule of thumb is about $100 million change in capital will have about a 10% movement in the ratio.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  So the dividend cut basically has what boosted the ratio?
Larry Zimpleman:  Whether the more elements in it or not, but that is one of the pieces that goes into it, but there certainly are more pieces than that, so 
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  All right. Well, I think it is $100 million. So  okay, thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Colin.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman of UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Hey, good morning. 
Larry Zimpleman:  Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Good morning. I have three questions for you. First, with regard to Argentina, there has been some unusual pension reform there and I would like to get a sense of how that might affect your income going forward and your investment on the balance sheet. Second question is with respect to the investments, and the net realized losses that you generated in the quarter, that was a $156 million, and you know, I didn't see much coming from CMBS, I didn't see much coming from corporate outside of what was credit impaired in a big way, which we all knew was Lehman and WAMU et cetera. I didn't see anything else where you might make the decision to do it other than temporarily impaired on your own. Given again, you know, we have seen sharp pressures on some of these indices, we have seen it in the corporates, we have seen high yield indices down by 20%, CMBSes are probably down in that ballpark in October, I mean, we have seen some sharp moves in the fourth quarter. If you had to just give us some sense right now, you know, and I know you don't do bright-line testing, do you think that you will take any impairments at all in the fourth quarter regarding corporates and CMBSes? And then just lastly, you used to talk a lot about your commitment to the Health and the Specialty Benefits businesses. Are you still very committed to those businesses, or would you consider divesting?
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay, Andrew. Thanks. Let me cover the first one, the last one and maybe I will have Julia comment quickly on the second one, the impairments; although, again, I think trying to forecast anything relative to the end of the year is certainly more of an art than a science. But in terms of Argentina, again, as you said, the government has proposed privatizing that. I think there are still some issues and some challenges going on with that. We have been out of Argentina for a number of years and I think most people who are knowledgeable and expert in Latin America understand that Argentina is a bit of a one-off. The major issue that is going on there is really more of a currency issue and we commented on that in our prepared marks, and it looks like even the currency issue is settling down a little bit. But we do not expect any contagion follow on from Argentina. In terms of the Health and the Specialty Benefits businesses, let me just say again, reiterate that from a strategic perspective, we think that having both of those businesses is very important to the ultimate success of our SMB strategy. Health insurance remains, and Specialty Benefits remains one of the very first employee benefits that an employer puts in, it remains one of the most active areas that advisers continue to be active in. So it introduces us to a lot of SMBs, introduces us to a lot of advisers. In terms of financially, those businesses are performing extremely well, extremely strongly. Any decision to exit those businesses would be done on a dilutive basis, so it certainly would not be a shareholder-friendly event. And finally, what I would say, and perhaps something that doesn't get often enough stirred into the mix, but there is a positive covariance benefit in the standpoint of the rating agencies that is attached to those as well. So, our real approach here is to try to continue to execute those successfully, have a combination of growth and profitability and that is what our strategy remains.
 :
Julia Lawler:  Good morning, Andrew. Thank you for the question. As you already mentioned, we do not have a bright-line test. So spread movements in of themselves do not indicate whether we permanently impair something or not. As it relates to CMBS specifically, we put in additional information around stress scenarios, specifically, say, we can show that those losses would occur much later in the cycle. So, the performance of those bonds continues to be strong. It is not to say they won't change, but the fundamentals remain strong. So we have not impaired them for third quarter, and predict would not expect to impair them for the fourth, if their fundamentals stay in shape.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Andrew.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dan Johnson of Citadel.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  I will try to talk fast. October, tough month for below investment grade and CMBS, can you give us an updated unrealized number for the end of October for the fixed income portfolio. Two, can we talk about year-to-date GAAP versus stat [ph] unrealized and OTTI impacts on capital? Obviously, we have the GAAP numbers updated, but can you compare that with the stat? And then finally, you have borrowed $1 billion from the Federal Home Loan Bank and said it was liquidity, but then you mentioned it went into funding agreement product. Maybe you can help me understand what you mean by liquidity. Thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay, Dan. This is Larry. Let me  actually, in regards to the realized losses as of the end of October, that is not something that we necessarily go in and do a deep diagnostic on, but what I think might be helpful, just to kind of frame that or understand that is maybe ask Jim McCaughan to talk just a little bit from his perspective around whats been happening with the market and sort of where it might around sit around the end of October. Jim? 
Jim McCaughan:  Yes. Clearly the subprime was the original trigger for a massive de-leveraging that has happened by investment banks hedge funds and commercial banks, as they have got into risk reduction, withdrawal of credit lines, and in the case of hedge funds, enormous redemptions from investors. All of this has meant there have been heavy forced sellers and very few buyers, which means in factors like CMBSes, there has been very thin trading, and the market values are basically not reliable. In most cases, they are not a reflection of likely defaults. They are a reflection of distressed sellers. And, you know the financial sector bankruptcies that happened to date, notably Lehman and WAMU, have been partly because of the lack of long-term funding, the withdrawal of short-term funding, which has really put these institutions into potentially a forced seller position. After the Lehman bankruptcy in mid-September, there was a lot of systemic risk and the risk of runs on the bank on a global basis. That really has been settled by governments refunding and re-capitalizing their banking system, starting with the UK and the US and then various of the European governments recapitalizing their banking systems. That is leading to some good signs in the credit market, notably financial spreads narrowing, LIBOR coming down, signs of credits easing. But it is still the case that in the CMBS markets, you have this enormous avalanche of distressed sellers selling. That is no sign of any likely real stress in the underlying investments, which we have the ability and intent to hold, and that is really why in Terry's comments, when Terry Lillis went through our stress test, given Fitchs scenarios  that is actually a very important element to bear in mind as you look at our assets relative to our liabilities. So I think that that position of the financial sector and the beginning of the improvement is the first sign. But as you remarked, CMBS is looking heavily sold in the last month. That actually is irrelevant to us in the sense that we have the ability and intent to hold.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  On the below investment grade, wouldn't that be more of a change in the economic outlook that we probably all had in the last six weeks, and maybe not just a sign of liquidity?
Jim McCaughan:  No, the change in the economic outlook clearly is there, you are right. And arguably, we are headed into a pretty nasty recession, which people have said might be the worst in the last 30 years of the worst in the last 50. If that happens, then you are going to see a first wave of bankruptcies among people like autos and retailers and maybe shipping companies and building materials. Those are dangerous areas to be in, especially if the companies are highly leveraged. And our diversification has been designed to put us in a good position to absorb the shock if they happen. So I think that that is a very important point. And you know, the third quarter was a pretty ugly one for the financial sector, but our losses were pretty moderate relative to the portfolio, because we diversified well and controlled the risks well. We expect to do the same in these other sectors. It is tough managing when there are a lot of shocks in the system. So that is really what we are doing during this very difficult period. So we recognize that the economic outlook may have deteriorated quite a lot, but we do believe that our risk management is standing up in a really difficult situation.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  Okay, Im sorry, I don't want to take any more time. Can we just go ahead and jump to the GAAP versus stat and the FHLB? Thanks for the answers. 
Terry Lillis:  Good morning, Dan. In terms of GAAP and stat treatment; other than temporary impairments, we treat them both the same, so there is no difference between the two. In terms of the FHLB, in terms of the liquidity, you have to realize that we have an asset liability management, a portfolio of assets supporting a portfolio of liabilities, and we can use FHLB just like any other funding agreement or guaranteed interest contract to provide liquidity or liability, and to also provide for investment opportunities within that portfolio.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  On the OTTI stuff, I was looking for actual dollar amount realized and OTTI GAAP versus stat dollars please.
Terry Lillis:  The OTTI, I don't know that off hand. I think it is $140 million on fixed securities, and $13 million on equity securities?
Larry Zimpleman:  Correct.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  For stat year-to-date?
Terry Lillis:  For both GAAP and stat.
Larry Zimpleman:  And that is the third quarter number, Dan.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: 
 :
Larry Zimpleman:  All right. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Edward Spehar of Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  Thank you, good morning. Very quickly, you pointed out that your savings in loan at the holding company level  I'm sorry it is hard to keep up here, but is it your interpretation that you could participate in the CPP program?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, Ed, that is correct. We would be eligible to participate in the Capital Purchase Program. That is correct.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  Okay, and could you give us a sense of what the maximum, if you were going to do preferred issuance, regardless of who is buying it, what you would consider to be the maximum that you could do, at this point, and maybe you could just remind us of what the terms of that would be in your view with the CPP?
Larry Zimpleman:  Well, the calculation, Ed, as we understand, and again, we made no decision as to whether we are going to participate or not, but the calculation is based on something called risk weighted assets. And the translation of risk weighted assets is a little bit loose in terms of from the banking sector to the insurance sector, but our estimate would be  is between 1% and 3% of risk weighted assets. And we think, Ed, that that corridor is roughly in the range of about  at the low end, $650 million, and at the high end, about $2 billion. So we think that it's roughly the 1% to 3% corridor. But again, we have made no decision yet as to whether we want to apply for that at this point.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  I guess just ask you then, but given the sort of the target capital ratios that you would have historically, how would you say what is your capacity today for any preferred issuance regardless of who you are issuing it to?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, I mean we haven't really done all of that analysis, what I would say and I think you may be generally familiar, there is quite a bit of information. The CPP structure is very well defined. I mean the Treasury has made that very clear. Its a 5% preferred for the first five years and then I believe it escalates to 9% after that. So, part of what anyone who would seek eligibility would be would have to sort of work through that ratio. What I can tell you is based on, again, the kind of limited analysis we have done is that relative to current commercial terms, I think those terms that I just described would be pretty favorable. So, in that sense, I think it is something that we and others who are eligible would look at among a wide range of options for capital management. But again, no final decision but the economics there do look pretty favorable.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Just on your debt, the way that you look at and think about sort of debt to capital, debt plus preferred to capital, could you just remind us where  are those numbers in the supplement the way rating agencies think about them or is there some other number you would like to give us?
Larry Zimpleman:  Terry, you want to comment?
Terry Lillis:  Sure. Debt to capital ratio is about 22% or 19% at this time. The rating agencies look at it up to 25%, depending on whether or not you have hybrids or not, but you know, I think the numbers that you are seeing in the supplement will be a fair assessment.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch:  Thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Ed. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Eric Berg of Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Thanks very much and good morning.
Larry Zimpleman:  Good morning Eric.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Good morning to everyone. My first question is regard to the CPP portion of the TARP program. A number of insurers have expressed the fact that they  and Principal has this morning as well, qualified; but it is one thing to qualify, and it is quite another to get the money, because not everyone who qualifies to apply will receive funding. There has to be, as I understand it, a valid public purpose served. So my question is, my first question is, what is your sense of the governments view at this point, and I realize you are a company not the government, but you do  you are reading the papers, you do have your sources in Washington; what is your sense of the government's appetite to include the insurers in general, and if you where to apply, Principle in particular in this program, could you get the money? How would you handicap the odds? It is not whether you can apply, but whether you would get the money?
Larry Zimpleman:  Eric, this is Larry. Let me just make a couple of points on that. First of all, as we said in our comments, we believe that as a savings and loan holding company, we meet the eligibility criteria, although as you indicated, there is an application process for the CPP, the Capital Purchase Program and ultimately, you do have to be approved by a US Treasury. The other discussion that is in the trade press about whether insurance companies would be eligible is a separate discussion not applicable to Principal, because we are already a savings and loan holding company. So I just want to make that point of differentiation. On the other kinds of questions that you asked about, again, not having had any discussion with Treasury, it would be speculative for us to know how they would react, but generically, what I would say and I think we have seen this from the banking sector, and we see this pretty much reported in the press every day, the Treasury has an inclusive mindset around wanting healthy companies to feel comfortable that they can access the Capital Purchase Program. And I would assume that they would have the same view whether a company like Principal was applying or not. The final point that I would make here is that as we assess whether this is of interest to us, I want to make sure that I communicate that this again is around the opportunistic element of our strategy. As we said in the call, we do see the opportunity for perhaps some unique situations to grow our business, particularly in asset management and in the international arena. So to the extent that an economically efficient vehicle like the CPP is at least one of the many range of options, we think it is very incumbent on us to do that, and again, we believe that Treasury, generally speaking, is exclusive [ph] about our willingness to have that discussion.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  My next question is to Julia and it has to do with her comments around credit spreads and the unrealized losses. First, when you have a more than doubling of your unrealized losses, which you have in the September quarter versus the June quarter, how do you know what caused that unrealized, I mean, bonds cant speak, they are inanimate objects, how do you know what caused the price of the bond to increase, how do you know it was just credit spreads? And then I have one final follow-up. Thank you.
Larry Zimpleman:  Julia, I will have you quickly comment on that, in the interest of time.
Julia Lawler:  Well, as Jim mentioned, in his description of what is going on in the market for  in October, it is a similar that happened in the third quarter in that we can tell by watching the market and finding out who the sellers, why they are selling. So, there is an indication that there is much more forced selling going on than equal buyers and sellers on this part of the table. The second way that we can tell is, we know fundamentally by understanding these individual credits balance sheets and income statements, how they are performing on a fundamental basis. So that is how we can tell it is not all fundamental driven. Does that help, Eric?
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Sort of. I guess my question is, they are called credit spreads for a reason, they are not call some other spreads, they called credit spreads. And sort of, I grew up believing that if credit spreads where widening on a bond, it may be the result of illiquidity, but the illiquidity in turn is reflecting the anxiety of buyers and sellers that people are becoming increasingly anxious about the cash flows on that bond, or am I not think about this correctly, in other words, somehow we are being asked to think that this widening of credit spreads is not a bad thing, or it doesn't have to do with anxiety about repayment. And I'm just wondering if sort of how will that work? Because I thought credit spreads widening always has to do with deteriorating perceived credit worthiness.
Larry Zimpleman:  Eric, this is Larry. Let me just ask  I will have Jim comment on that, because this is obviously the world that Jim lives in as well every day, but let me just say that this last period is one that I have regularly described as sort of tossing out everything you ever learned in business school about why things work the way they do. So with that, maybe I have Jim comment.
Jim McCaughan:  Eric, like you, I was brought up with efficient markets, willing buyers, willing sellers, good price discovery, and credit spreads being a reflection of default probability plus illiquidity. You know, that is kind of Credit 101. The problem is that we have had 8 years to 10 years of extreme leveraging up by all kinds of financial institutions, and because of the triggers that I mentioned earlier, this de-leveraging is trying to get itself undone in a matter of weeks, rather than years. And that is leading to utterly disrupted markets. And we daily see bonds quoted 10%, 20% different to what they were a week or two before, simply because the markets are dysfunctional. In normal circumstances, the kind of marks we are seeing would not be regarded as good mark. The market will get back into willing buyer/willing seller mode, but thats only as credit markets warm up and as investors commit liquidity, and as these distressed and overleveraged investors de-leverage. I hope that helps.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  It does. Absolute last one. Why does the decision to cut the common dividend, why does that have anything to do with the risk-based capital ratio of your Life company? I think you said that earlier.
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, Eric. I guess I have  Terry, do you have any comments on that?
Terry Lillis:  It doesn't really have an impact on that, it has an impact on the amount of available capital or excess capital; it doesn't have an impact on the RBC ratio.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Of your Life company, because the common dividend has nothing to do with the Life company, it is coming out of the holding company, correct?
Terry Lillis:  Exactly, it is on the holding company, it is not part of the Life company.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Thank you for that clarification. I'm all set.
Larry Zimpleman: 
 :
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern time today until the end of day November 11, 2008.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Graf  SVP, IR Larry Zimpleman  President and CEO Mike Gersie  EVP and CFO Dan Houston  President of Retirement and Investor Services Julia Lawler  SVP and Chief Investment Officer Jim McCaughan  President, Global Asset Management 
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  J.P. Morgan Securities Jeff Schuman  KBW Colin Devine  Citigroup Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse Steven Schwartz  Raymond James Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group second quarter 2008 conference call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. If you dont already have a copy, the earnings release, financial supplement and additional information on the companys investment portfolio, can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor.  Following our reading of the Safe Harbor Provision, Chief Executive Officer, Larry Zimpleman and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Gersie will deliver some prepared remarks. Then well open up for questions. Others available for the Q-and-A are Chief Investment Officer, Julia Lawler and our three Division Presidents, John Aschenbrenner, responsible for the Life and Health Insurance segment; Dan Houston, responsible for the U.S. Asset Accumulation segment; and Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management.   Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission; Larry.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning Ill focus my comments on execution of our growth strategy including performance and progress of our three key growth engines US asset accumulation, Principal Global Investors and Principal International. Mike Gersie will follow my remarks with a brief overview of financial results and a discussion of our investment portfolio in capital position. Before I begin though I wanted to express my sincere thanks to Mike who as you now is retiring after 38 year with the company; his leadership, dedication and hard work have helped position this organization to capitalize on its opportunities and face the challenge ahead. As you also know Mikes successor has been named; Terry Lillis brings 26 years of experience in key financial and leadership roles at the Principal. His most recent role CFO of the U.S. Asset Accumulation segment since 2000 makes him uniquely qualified for this critical position. Terry will join us at the third quarter earnings call.  Let me also welcome Dan Houston to his first earnings call. Dans promotion to President of the U.S. Asset Accumulation segment was announced in the first quarter as part of our planned succession process. Dan is also a seasoned veteran with nearly 25 years with the Principle; all dedicated to our retirement businesses.  Let me start with a couple of comments on the current operating environment. Equity markets continue to decline in the second quarter including a 3% drop in the S&P 500 driving that index down 16% since September 30 2007. In light of the environment Id characterize our results for the quarter and through mid year as very solid reflecting strong underlying growth, the benefits of earnings diversification, ongoing strategic investment and discipline around expenses.  Highlights for second quarter include nearly $3 billion of net cash flows for U.S. Asset Accumulation and $6 billion through mid year, substantially offsetting the impact of poor equity market performance. A 32% increase in Principle Global Investors third-part assets under management; 19% growth in assets under management for Principle International driving its second best earnings quarter on record and double digit earnings growth in the Life and Health segment driven by record results for the specialty benefits division.  Once again were very pleased with a number of key growth indicators; measures we believe demonstrate our competitive advantages in asset management and accumulation and strong day-to-day execution of our growth strategy.  Starting with the U.S. Asset Accumulation segment, Full Service accumulation delivered sales of $1.4 billion in the second quarter bringing six month sales to $4.9 billion, an increase of 34% compared to the same period a year ago. Two key factors are driving our continued sales success, the advantage that we have in the market place with total retirement suite and strong momentum with distribution alliances.  For mid year total retirement suite made up 57% of sales based on assets and alliance sales are up more than $750 million or 40%. Looking forward, the pipeline remains strong and we continue to expect to meet or exceed our 10% to 12% sales growth target for the year. As a reminder down markets pressure sales in a couple of different ways; the plans we sell have lower assets and you do tend to see more aggressive pricing from some competitors.  Strong sales coupled with strong plan level retention drove Full Service Accumulation, net cash flows to more than $4 billion for the six months; an improvement of 160%. For the trailing 12 months Full Service Accumulation net cash flows are more than $7 billion. This translates into 7.3% of beginning of period account values significantly ahead of our long-term target of 4% to 6%.  As you know we also continue to work in cooperation with advisors to retain participant assets at risk due to retirement or job change. For the six months weve retained more than $1 billion of participant assets into our mutual fund, individual annuity and bank products, demonstrating both the strength of our asset retention capabilities and the depth and breath of our retail rollover solutions.  With record earnings, sales and net cash flows, this was a truly outstanding quarter for the individual annuities business. On a year-to-date basis sales are up 118% reflecting increased penetration across multiple distribution channels and continued success with the fixed deferred annuity product we launched in mid 2007. Withdrawals have remained stable in absolute terms, but have declined as a percent of beginning of year account values to 5.2% for the six months of 2008 from 6.4% from the same period a year ago. Moving to Principal Funds, sales and net cash flows improved $240 million and $100 million respectively from the year ago quarter. We view this as a very solid result in light of market conditions. Reflecting continued solid progress in the wire house and independent broker dealer channels. Our sales are up 36% from second quarter 2007 and 27% year-to-date. As some additional context, industry flowed down nearly $300 billion or 97% comparing second quarter 2008 to first quarter of 2008. By comparison, our flows were up $40 million or 50% over the same period albeit on a relatively small base. For Global Asset Management, the second quarter was a period of continued strong investment performance. 64%, 71% and 75% of the retirement plans separate accounts managed by Principal Global Investors ranked in the top two Morningstar quartiles for the one, three and five-year periods respectively at quarter end. Reflecting that strong performance, Principal Global Investors has been awarded more than $13 billion of unaffiliated assets through mid-year. First half net cash flows were $4 billion contributing to more than $10 billion of unaffiliated net cash flows over the trailing 12 months, which translates into 16% of beginning of period assets. Investment choices managed by PGI continue to be attractive both to sponsors and participants within Full Service accumulation, accounting for 60% of both assets and flows. This and the non-affiliate flows contributed to total net cash flows for PGI of $7.3 billion in the first half up from $6.5 billion in the first half of 2007. Principal Global Investors fee mandate business continued to perform well with 27% growth in unaffiliated management fees offsetting the impact on revenues of equity market declines and it slowdown in the real estate markets. As an update on the spread and securitization business our first quarter efforts to reduce loan inventory in the CMBS joint venture were highly effective and the business broke even in the second quarter. We continue to minimize the risk of additional mark-to-market losses reducing loan inventory from $540 million at the end of April to less than $200 million at the end of July. Recent sales validated our valuation of the loan inventory at March 31, and throughout the quarter. As such we continue to believe the spread and securitization business will come in at or near breakeven in the second half of the year. Demonstrating again a value of earnings diversification, Principal International delivered its second best earnings quarter improving 19% from a year ago and the Life and Health segment delivered 11% earnings growth. Principal Internationals earnings growth reflects significant growth in assets under management, which are up $4.7 billion or 19% form a year ago. More than half of the increase in assets under management is from net cash flows which had $2.5 billion over the trailing 12 months or 10% of beginning of period assets. I would also like to comment on two exciting recent global developments. Starting in October well begin participating in a new employer sponsored 401(k) like market that is opening in July, and as we announced mid July we are going to be launching an asset management joint venture with CIMB group, a recognized pioneer in Shariah-compliant finance, a market with tremendous growth potential. Moving to Life and Health, the second quarter was a period of solid earnings and return on equity improvement. As I mentioned specialty benefits delivered record earnings in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis premium and fees are up 5% as a division continues to maintain pricing discipline in a highly competitive market. Expense management remained sound as well and we are working on a number of initiatives to continue driving sustainable profitable growth for the division. Individual life division continues to build sales momentum across a broad spectrum of products, including 13% growth year-to-date for our non-qualified offering, one of the four pillars of total retirement suite. Total first year and single premiums and deposits are up 37% year-to-date reflecting increasing momentum with new independent distribution relationships and solid performance from the career channel.  Importantly due to effective capital management a division has been able to generate strong sales growth while keeping capital usage flat. After a strong first quarter the Health division posted solid second quarter earnings inline with expectations. Based on our expected pattern of earnings from high deductible health plans we continue to expect the division to earn between $45 million and $55 million for the year on a reported basis.  Our strategy for growing covered members remains highly focused on network discounts including principal specific provider contracts and on claims and expense management to improve our overall price competitiveness. While I return the membership growth is a multi-year process, Id again reiterate the longer term opportunities for the division, in consumer driven healthcare, health savings accounts and wellness and our belief that we have the expertise to capitalize on these trends, Mike.
Mike Gersie:  Thanks, Larry. This morning Ill spend a few minutes providing financial detail for the company and each of our operating segments. Including items impacting comparability between periods, I will also cover our investment portfolio in capital position. Let me start with total company results. At $0.97 operating earnings per share was down $0.08 from the year ago quarter as communicated in last years release second quarter 2007 earnings included $21 million or $0.08 per share in benefiting items.  Second quarter 2007 was also a period of functioning commercial mortgage-backed securitization markets, and we earned $0.03 per share that quarter in the spread and securitization business. Adjusting for these items earnings per share is up about 3%.  While this is below our long-term growth target, we view it as a very solid result and market performance over the past three quarters have being consistent with our 2% per quarter assumption between U.S. accumulation businesses and principal global investors on affiliated assets. We would have finished the quarter with an additional $25 billion plus of assets under management. Using current business and product mix, this would conservatively translate into an additional $0.07 to $0.08 of earnings per share for the quarter.  Moving to U.S. asset accumulation, segment account values increased $2.8 billion or 2% from a year ago to a $177 billion at quarter-end while segment earnings decreased to $12 million or 7%. Excluding higher prepayment fee income in the prior year quarter of approximately $5 million after tax, primarily in the investment only and Full Service Payout businesses segment earnings were down about $7 million.  Ill focus my remaining comments relating to segment earnings on full service accumulation, which was down $6.5 million from year ago. The decline primarily reflects three items with lower income tax benefits and the negative impact of market conditions being partially offset by lower operating expenses. 
 : Moving to market conditions, several factors are temporarily impacting revenue and earnings driving about $5 million of the after-tax decline in earnings from the second quarter 2007. This includes lower interest rate environment, which has resulted in lower yields in the general account and lower market value cash outs. Regarding operating expenses, the corporate wide reduction efforts initiated first quarter to offset the revenue impact of share market declines are working.  Compared to a year ago weve reduced full service accumulation operating expenses by about 3% while adding more than $7 billion of net cash flows over that period. While our expense efforts dont totally eliminate near term pressure and earnings that are clearly making a difference. Importantly we believe they reflect the right balance between aligning expenses with revenues and the need to make ongoing investments to support our long-term growth targets.  Let me separately covered deferred acquisition cost, which represented a substantial portion of the decline in operating expenses. With acquisition expense capitalization and amortization down $5 million and $11 million respectively from second quarter 2007 the experience resulted in a net after-tax earnings benefit of about $4 million. As expected the drop in equity markets during the quarter did result in an increase in amortization expense, but the increase was more than offset by experience adjustments with higher deposit growth and the extension of the amortization period in the third quarter 2007 reducing normal amortization expense. Adjusting for income tax benefits, market conditions and deferred acquisition cost full service accumulation earnings improved about 2.5% and a 3% increase in average account values.  Moving to global asset management, second quarter earnings of $24 million compared to $32 million a year ago. Consistent with the expectations we communicated last quarter the spread and securitization business came in at breakeven in the second quarter 2008, compared to earnings of $8 million in the year ago quarter.  The fee mandate business delivered very strong underlying growth although earnings were essentially flat on a reported basis. Third quarter earnings were damping by about $3 million after-tax due to the impact on fees of a slow down in the real estate markets and second quarter 2007 earnings benefited by about $3 million after-tax from a mandate that pays performance incentive fees every three years. Excluding these items fee mandate earnings improved more than 30% driven by very strong growth in non-affiliated management fees as Larry mentioned. Moving to international asset management accumulation, second quarter earnings were up 19% from a year ago to $32 million. The improvement primarily reflects continued strong asset under management growth and operational efficiencies. It also reflects the benefit from higher yields on invested assets in July due to higher inflation. 
 : Based on normalized earnings Principal Internationals return on equity is just over 10% for the trialing 12 months. The segment remains on track to achieve sustainable return on equity of 11% by 2010. At $67 million second quarter earnings for the Life and Health segment were up $7 million or 11% from year ago. Trailing 12 months return on equity improved 70 basis points from year ago to 12.6%.  The increase in segment earnings is primarily due to an $8 million increase and earnings for the Specialty Benefits division reflecting favorable clients experience particularly in the individual visibility line and growth in business. A $24 million Individual Life earnings were solid improving slightly from the year ago quarter. Well, that from a year ago health division earnings of $12 million were solid as well, and thinking about the reminder of the year for the health division keep in mind that the accounting treatment of high deductible health plans typically results in the highest level of earnings in the first quarter, moderate earnings in the second and third quarters and losses in the fourth quarter. Let me also comment briefly on net realized, unrealized capital losses. In the second quarter 2008, weve recognized $85 million of capital losses through the income statement, which includes $23 million of losses related to impairments of fixed maturity securities, $7 million of impairment on equity securities and unrealized capital losses of $56 million primarily from mark-to-market of interest rate swaps.  Given interest rate movements and the volatility in the credit markets predominately driven by technicals, we believe our level of credit losses was reasonable, inline with peers that have already reported results and consistent with the range of expected losses that we priced for over the credit cycle. Further reflecting interest rate and market volatility during the quarter, improved credit spreads drove a decrease in net unrealized losses of approximately $1 billion substantially offsetting an increase in net unrealized losses due to interest rates of approximately $1.5 billion.  The largest credit improvement was in industrials or the gain from improved credit spreads exceeded $250 million, but importantly we also saw more than $200 million of improvements in financials, more than a $150 million of improvement from commercial mortgage-backed securities, and more than $100 million of improvement from our corporate credit collateralized debt obligations. I would also point out that since we match asset and liability durations on an economic basis, any decline associated with raising interest rates is mirrored by a decline in the value of our liabilities. Were obviously pleased with second quarters improvement in credit spreads, but continue to believe that fundamentals are not being fully reflected. Values remained depressed because markets are not operating efficiently given think trading dominated by four sellers. I would again emphasize that we continue to have the intent and ability to hold. Given ongoing investor interest and exposure to certain investments, we posted on our website some additional detail and commercial mortgages and commercial mortgage-backed securities, our comments specifically on these holdings. Regarding commercial mortgages with 90% occupancy, 58% loan-to-value and 1.9 times interest coverage we remain extremely comfortable with our portfolio. Even in the slowing economy we have tremendous amount of cushion. Regarding our CBMS holdings delinquencies in the underlying mortgages were seven tents of a percent through mid-year. Weve remained very comfortable with a high quality of the underlying mortgages in the strong subordination cushioning of our CMBS holdings. To ramp up my comments, let me cove our capital position. First I would like to state clearly that we do not anticipate any need to raise equity capital going forward. At quarter end we had approximately $300 million of access capital between the life and holding companies over and above the capital ratios appropriate to our current credit ratings. Cash flow remained strong and we continue to generate capital in excess of what we need to support organic growth. There also a number of normal capital management levers that would be available to us, should the environment become even more challenging, including debt issuance, expense controls and pulling back on acquisitions. As such we remained confident in the adequacy of our capital position and our ability to navigate through this credit cycle. This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
 : Based on normalized earnings Principal Internationals return on equity is just over 10% for the trialing 12 months. The segment remains on track to achieve sustainable return on equity of 11% by 2010. At $67 million second quarter earnings for the Life and Health segment were up $7 million or 11% from year ago. Trailing 12 months return on equity improved 70 basis points from year ago to 12.6%.  The increase in segment earnings is primarily due to an $8 million increase and earnings for the Specialty Benefits division reflecting favorable clients experience particularly in the individual visibility line and growth in business. A $24 million Individual Life earnings were solid improving slightly from the year ago quarter. Well, that from a year ago health division earnings of $12 million were solid as well, and thinking about the reminder of the year for the health division keep in mind that the accounting treatment of high deductible health plans typically results in the highest level of earnings in the first quarter, moderate earnings in the second and third quarters and losses in the fourth quarter. Let me also comment briefly on net realized, unrealized capital losses. In the second quarter 2008, weve recognized $85 million of capital losses through the income statement, which includes $23 million of losses related to impairments of fixed maturity securities, $7 million of impairment on equity securities and unrealized capital losses of $56 million primarily from mark-to-market of interest rate swaps.  Given interest rate movements and the volatility in the credit markets predominately driven by technicals, we believe our level of credit losses was reasonable, inline with peers that have already reported results and consistent with the range of expected losses that we priced for over the credit cycle. Further reflecting interest rate and market volatility during the quarter, improved credit spreads drove a decrease in net unrealized losses of approximately $1 billion substantially offsetting an increase in net unrealized losses due to interest rates of approximately $1.5 billion.  The largest credit improvement was in industrials or the gain from improved credit spreads exceeded $250 million, but importantly we also saw more than $200 million of improvements in financials, more than a $150 million of improvement from commercial mortgage-backed securities, and more than $100 million of improvement from our corporate credit collateralized debt obligations. I would also point out that since we match asset and liability durations on an economic basis, any decline associated with raising interest rates is mirrored by a decline in the value of our liabilities. Were obviously pleased with second quarters improvement in credit spreads, but continue to believe that fundamentals are not being fully reflected. Values remained depressed because markets are not operating efficiently given think trading dominated by four sellers. I would again emphasize that we continue to have the intent and ability to hold. Given ongoing investor interest and exposure to certain investments, we posted on our website some additional detail and commercial mortgages and commercial mortgage-backed securities, our comments specifically on these holdings. Regarding commercial mortgages with 90% occupancy, 58% loan-to-value and 1.9 times interest coverage we remain extremely comfortable with our portfolio. Even in the slowing economy we have tremendous amount of cushion. Regarding our CBMS holdings delinquencies in the underlying mortgages were seven tents of a percent through mid-year. Weve remained very comfortable with a high quality of the underlying mortgages in the strong subordination cushioning of our CMBS holdings. To ramp up my comments, let me cove our capital position. First I would like to state clearly that we do not anticipate any need to raise equity capital going forward. At quarter end we had approximately $300 million of access capital between the life and holding companies over and above the capital ratios appropriate to our current credit ratings. Cash flow remained strong and we continue to generate capital in excess of what we need to support organic growth. There also a number of normal capital management levers that would be available to us, should the environment become even more challenging, including debt issuance, expense controls and pulling back on acquisitions. As such we remained confident in the adequacy of our capital position and our ability to navigate through this credit cycle. This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
 : Based on normalized earnings Principal Internationals return on equity is just over 10% for the trialing 12 months. The segment remains on track to achieve sustainable return on equity of 11% by 2010. At $67 million second quarter earnings for the Life and Health segment were up $7 million or 11% from year ago. Trailing 12 months return on equity improved 70 basis points from year ago to 12.6%.  The increase in segment earnings is primarily due to an $8 million increase and earnings for the Specialty Benefits division reflecting favorable clients experience particularly in the individual visibility line and growth in business. A $24 million Individual Life earnings were solid improving slightly from the year ago quarter. Well, that from a year ago health division earnings of $12 million were solid as well, and thinking about the reminder of the year for the health division keep in mind that the accounting treatment of high deductible health plans typically results in the highest level of earnings in the first quarter, moderate earnings in the second and third quarters and losses in the fourth quarter. Let me also comment briefly on net realized, unrealized capital losses. In the second quarter 2008, weve recognized $85 million of capital losses through the income statement, which includes $23 million of losses related to impairments of fixed maturity securities, $7 million of impairment on equity securities and unrealized capital losses of $56 million primarily from mark-to-market of interest rate swaps.  Given interest rate movements and the volatility in the credit markets predominately driven by technicals, we believe our level of credit losses was reasonable, inline with peers that have already reported results and consistent with the range of expected losses that we priced for over the credit cycle. Further reflecting interest rate and market volatility during the quarter, improved credit spreads drove a decrease in net unrealized losses of approximately $1 billion substantially offsetting an increase in net unrealized losses due to interest rates of approximately $1.5 billion.  The largest credit improvement was in industrials or the gain from improved credit spreads exceeded $250 million, but importantly we also saw more than $200 million of improvements in financials, more than a $150 million of improvement from commercial mortgage-backed securities, and more than $100 million of improvement from our corporate credit collateralized debt obligations. I would also point out that since we match asset and liability durations on an economic basis, any decline associated with raising interest rates is mirrored by a decline in the value of our liabilities. Were obviously pleased with second quarters improvement in credit spreads, but continue to believe that fundamentals are not being fully reflected. Values remained depressed because markets are not operating efficiently given think trading dominated by four sellers. I would again emphasize that we continue to have the intent and ability to hold. Given ongoing investor interest and exposure to certain investments, we posted on our website some additional detail and commercial mortgages and commercial mortgage-backed securities, our comments specifically on these holdings. Regarding commercial mortgages with 90% occupancy, 58% loan-to-value and 1.9 times interest coverage we remain extremely comfortable with our portfolio. Even in the slowing economy we have tremendous amount of cushion. Regarding our CBMS holdings delinquencies in the underlying mortgages were seven tents of a percent through mid-year. Weve remained very comfortable with a high quality of the underlying mortgages in the strong subordination cushioning of our CMBS holdings. To ramp up my comments, let me cove our capital position. First I would like to state clearly that we do not anticipate any need to raise equity capital going forward. At quarter end we had approximately $300 million of access capital between the life and holding companies over and above the capital ratios appropriate to our current credit ratings. Cash flow remained strong and we continue to generate capital in excess of what we need to support organic growth. There also a number of normal capital management levers that would be available to us, should the environment become even more challenging, including debt issuance, expense controls and pulling back on acquisitions. As such we remained confident in the adequacy of our capital position and our ability to navigate through this credit cycle. This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question is from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  J.P. Morgan Securities:  Hi and thank you. I have a couple questions, both on the pension business. First, if you can talk about your pipeline in the FSA business given how weak the market has been. It doesnt seem like your deposits or the lapses have been impacted, but if you could just talk about what do you see in the second half? Secondly on margins in the FSA business, how much of a decline due you expect in your margins over the next few years given that the mix is shifting slightly towards the larger cases and also youve got more Esoft business on the book? Thats all I have.
Larry Zimpleman:  Hi, Jimmy thanks. Good morning. Well give those to our rookie here this morning. Ill have Dan Houston to cover both of those for you.
Dan Houston:  Thanks, Larry, I appreciate it. We start with the pipeline first on full service accumulation, we are actually seeing that the pipeline for assets is actually up about 4% and the case pipeline is down slightly. If we move then onto the mix of business, we gave some revised guidance last earnings call to talk about ROAs in that 30 to 32 basis points which is again consistent with what were we think we can be long-term. We have talked about the mix of assets changing in the last few years, introducing more ESOP opportunities to PFG, but I would also attribute that in large part to our competitiveness in the large case of market, its not unusual to have our larger prospects have a disproportionate percentage of their assets go either to ESOP, employer stock and or excess fund. So, again were comfortable that 30 to 32 basis points on the FSA line.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Jimmy.
Operator:  Your next question is from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Good morning. First a comments that a question. I want sort of appreciate the depreciated the decomposition of the unrealized investment loss into the interest component and the credit fees I think thats constructive. I am also wondering if you will be able to sort of expand that going forward and give us kind of a picture of kind of the accumulated impact, as of my understand you dont have that right now, but its extending to develop that concept further, I think thats pretty helpful for all of us.  The question I want to ask was about commercial mortgages, I am wondering if you give us a little bit more color in terms of what youre seeing in terms of your commercial mortgage loan experience, delinquency trends and then in particular I was wondering given your I think somewhat overweight in retail and some of the bankruptcies and deterioration weve seeing that recently, whether youre starting to see any signals or warning financing that sector.
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay thanks Jeff, this is Larry let me just add my own comment to yours around the unrealized losses. I think it is that we would agree with you. I think it is absolutely critical that everyone understands the makeup of those and particularly since we are running and have run for years very immunized portfolio here, as we said in our earlier comments any increase in unrealized loss attached to interest rates is simply nearing a comparable movement on the liabilities side, but that just not reflected in accounting. So, it is we think absolutely critical to understand the component thats making up the unrealized loss and we appreciate your feedback on that. I have Julia talked a little bit about your CMBS questions Jeff.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Just rephrase asking more about the direct commercial mortgage loans in the CMBS actually. 
Julia Lawler:  Yes I can cover that. Weve had the trend in delinquencies has been very positive and then its zero and it has been zero in our portfolio for sometime. So the trend is good because zero is good and its pretty amazing considering the size of our portfolio and as you mention that this time it certainly has been slowing down.  As it relates to our retail portfolio I am not sure is its overweight to retail, but I will say that weve had a very little expenditure to the name that youve been reading about in the paper. We had no exposure to moving than our commercial loan portfolio. We have one loan exposure to learning and things and interestingly enough they are doing pretty well in our particular loan and we think theyre going to affirm that lead. So we track that very, very closely and so far so good on all the names that weve seen. 
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  That's helpful, thank you  
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Jeff. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Colin Devine with Citigroup.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Two questions one if you could just digging into net asset falls again, what youre very strong, but I still recall in the past Larry, youve cautioned that when market rise they kind of get a little bit weaker, when markets are downing they get a bit stronger just because the way the math works. How much, if we look at youre very strong in that fallen numbers this quarter really it is a reflection of the market just reducing the actual withdrawals and then Mike if you could just go back to the capital numbers again and just give us what is your excess to capital, again I lost that figures as you were going by, how much excess debt capacity you figure you have right now and is there any thought of getting back into buybacks between now and the end of the year?
Larry Zimpleman: 
 : Now as weve commented weve seen a 16% decline in equity markets since September 30 and I dont know what normal is anymore. I think were redefining it day-by-day, but clearly thats been an extreme decline and as a result of that I think to your point, you would expect us to begin to move towards or maybe go outside the high side of our 4% to 6% range.  However, I dont want to diminish the fact that at 7.3% it is strong, but I also absolutely agree with your point that in the reverse situation, which we saw a year and a half, two years ago when the flows were more in the 4%, 4.5% range, we were the ones commenting at that point, that it was the higher equity markets that were putting pressure on the net cash flows and obviously thats the condition that could repeat itself sometime in the future.  Ill have Mike to comment on your other questions around capital and debt capacity and buyback.
Mike Gersie:  Hi, Colin
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Just a second Mike. Larry you said the real number here on some sort of long-term basis closer maybe to 6.5 which is still excellent, but the 7 plus is partially a reflection of the market, is that fair?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yes, it is fair Colin.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Okay, thanks sir.
Mike Gersie:  The number we used in the recorded part of the message was $300 million, so weve got $300 million of excess capital and that would be  but somehow we get three pockets. One first pocket would be cash at the holding company, second pocket would be  I think of it as excess capital or accretion of the life company, third pocket would be debt capacity. The bulk of the $300 million is in the life company, so itll be in that middle pocket. In terms of looking at buybacks for the rest of the year, again with market conditions being what they are, we believe its prudent to go slow. So, I think we could say without getting in further aboard, without really being able to speculate on what future conditions would be, I think were in a go-slow period in terms of share repurchase.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Finally at the rating agencies and to reiterate your point earlier, there is absolutely no reason to think that you would need to raise external capital?
Mike Gersie:  There would be no reason that we know of to raise external capital.
Colin Devine  Citigroup:  Thanks and good luck Mike.
Mike Gersie:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question is from Dan Johnson with Citadel Investments.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments:  Great, thanks very much and just a little bit of a follow-on to Colins question and as you mentioned when the markets were up last year, you identified how it hurt withdraw and this quarter we talked about how markets down hurt sales. Can you look at sort of net here together and as you said were down 16% versus sort of a year ago where we were actually kind of nearly up around the same amount. Do up or down market have a significant impact on your total flows?
Larry Zimpleman:  Okay, Dan good morning. This is Larry. Ill make a few general comments. Dan may want to clean that up a little bit. If you look at our total deposits, I guess you really have to sort of think about and again we provide you detail in the financial supplement around how much of those are deposits from existing client versus how much of those are deposits that come up or if you will new sales and I think you again see that the majority, but by no means the vast majority, but the majority of those deposits are coming off of the deposits on existing business.  So thats very solid, thats very stable, thats very predictable and then so the delta component really Dan then relates to the other element thats shown there in the financial supplement which is the deposits that come up in new sales as well as transfer assets that come up in new sales and again about 70% of our new sales involve transfer assets. So, thats a high-level talk and maybe Dan Houston here can make a few comments on that.
Dan Houston:  Thanks Larry. Maybe just drilling down one additional level as it relates to how clean it is. If you look at hardship withdrawals thats been coming up, actual hardship withdrawals are up about 10% in terms of the number of requests. If we look at loans, surprisingly loans are actually down by 2%, although the actual dollar here is up 3%. If you combine those two together, they are still a relatively small dollar figure, so again as it relates to whether or not the net cash flow is a clean number, Id say its a clean and even when you adjust it for withdrawals related to either hardship or loans?
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments:  Perfect and just the other final question was on the backend in the quarter. You had mentioned that the lower part of it was related to the third quarter adjustment and my memory doesnt go back that far; can you remind me, do we have an annual third quarter sort of backed to a process?
Larry Zimpleman:  Again, this is Larry. Ill just take that one quickly. The comment related to third quarter was as it relates to full service accumulation and we went in and did what was more of a one off study in third quarter last year Dan around essentially refining the expected life time for those contracts and what were finding is frankly the experience thats demonstrating that the persistency of those contracts was longer than with our back amortization had been at that point. 
 :
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments:  Got it and the market impact over the last years so versus what order has been assumed in the back calculation, how does that get reconciled given sort of deviation from sort of the 2% scenario?
Larry Zimpleman:  Right, that is reconciled each quarter as we go along Dan.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments:  Great, thank you very much.
Larry Zimpleman:  Youre welcome.
Operator:  Your next question is from Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Yes, thanks. Just a question about your CDO portfolios; obviously weve been seeing in the press that some of these investment banks are liquidating; structured product CDOs at pretty low sense on the dollar. Im just wondering as you think about third quarter and marking-to-market youve mentioned a couple of times that theres not a lot of liquidity in some of these asset classes. Can you just talk about how those trades may effect how you mark those positions as we think about third quarter results?
Larry Zimpleman: 
 :
 :
 :
Julia Lawler: 
 : So, you can see pretty clearly that whats really been in the news of people selling or the markdowns is related to the sub-prime CDOs and you can see that we have been marking these down to those lower $0.20 levels either on a market value basis for some reasons and some cases were permanently impairing rather than temporarily impairing some of these sub-prime CDOs. You can also see that our level very, very small; is that helpful Suneet?
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Yes thats helpful. If I could just follow-up Im assuming that youre in pretty constant contact with the rating agencies in terms of asset quality. Have you noticed any move on their part to focus a little bit more and the gross unrealized losses and maybe factor that into their thinking? I know in the past theyve not really looked at book value inclusive of AOCI, but any sense that perhaps they are moving in that direction. Thanks.
Julia Lawler:  Yes we are in constant communication with the rating agencies and I would say that our discussion around asset quality has intensified. I think there are questions around whats behind some of these numbers, (inaudible) talk about what driving some of these marks, certainly we had all of those conversation, but for the most part I would tell you, the rating agencies understand whats going on in this portfolio, they understand whats going on in the market and whats creating the dislocation in the market and theyve gotten very comfortable so far with our portfolio.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford Bernstein:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher- Credit Suisse:  Good morning, a couple of questions, but first just a follow-up on Suneets question. So, is your anticipation that the way at least in terms of how youre looking at excess capital and how the rating agencies are evaluating capital adequacy, that unrealized loss positions are not going to factor into the equation; its going to continue to be recognized losses that show up on a statutory accounting basis; is that fair to say?
Larry Zimpleman:  This is Larry. I mean I would say based on, everything we know at this point in time, I mean I think thats a fair comment. I would just go back to what Julia said; I mean the real important thing here is that the rating agencies do understand whats going on. I mean theyre not looking at just kind of high level numbers, broad metrics like just total unrealized losses. I mean they are digging in and I think its important to dig in and really understand whats in that portfolio? Where are the delinquencies really happening versus where all there is technical pressures in the market? So again I think the point to be made here is simply that the rating agencies do understand whats going on, they do have that detail and we are in constant communication with them.
Tom Gallagher :  Okay and then just a follow-up I guess on the CDO side for Julia. When you look at some of the bonds that are trading lets say between $0.50 or $0.60 on the dollar, for you to kind of roll forward over the next several quarters is there going to be some possibility that some of these get written down even if you believe they are ultimately money good or maybe you could just talk a little bit about at what point the severity of the price decline might outweigh the recoverability of the cash flows and how you kind of view that balancing act? Thanks.
Credit Suisse:  Okay and then just a follow-up I guess on the CDO side for Julia. When you look at some of the bonds that are trading lets say between $0.50 or $0.60 on the dollar, for you to kind of roll forward over the next several quarters is there going to be some possibility that some of these get written down even if you believe they are ultimately money good or maybe you could just talk a little bit about at what point the severity of the price decline might outweigh the recoverability of the cash flows and how you kind of view that balancing act? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:  Tom, I think your question there really is as it relates more to what is if you will policy related to periods of time when market prices may remain depressed or particularly for technical reasons and the extent to which that might drive some consideration around whether you would ultimately have to impair those, which is really more of an accounting judgment, more than it is truly an investment or portfolio management decision. So, maybe Ill ask Mike to see if he has any comments that he wants to offer into that.
Mike Gersie:  We always every quarter have very through discussions with our accounts. Theyre very comfortable with our process, they understand the rigor around the process we have, both in making Ill say asset valuation decisions and also impairment decisions. So, we do not anticipate any significant change in policy or process in the foreseeable future.
Tom Gallagher :  And then just lastly, any change in statutory required capital coming for you all as it relates to how youre looking at excess capital. I think there are some changes coming, as it relates to structured assets and risk-based capital charges?
 Credit Suisse:  And then just lastly, any change in statutory required capital coming for you all as it relates to how youre looking at excess capital. I think there are some changes coming, as it relates to structured assets and risk-based capital charges?
Mike Gersie:  To our knowledge, I dont think that will have any significant impact on our risk-based capital.
Tom Gallagher :  Great, thanks.
Credit Suisse:  Great, thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:  Thanks, Tom.
Operator:  Your next question is from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James:  Hey good morning, everybody and before I forget, Mike, best of luck to you.
Mike Gersie:  Thank you.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James:  Lets look at a couple of happier things maybe; the CIMB deal, Larry this is your first movement into Shariah-Compliant asset management?
Larry Zimpleman:  Jim McCaughan may want to comment. Weve actually done a little bit of work in the Shariah-Compliant area. However, its been sort of under the wing of Principal Global Investors. They certainly have been pursuing that market opportunities. This is actually a little bit more focused opportunity using our joint venture partner in Malaysia, CIMB commerce group who is a recognized leader in Shariah-Compliant banking products and they have a desire to extend that leadership over into the asset management space as well and obviously recognizing the strength of our global asset management capability. They feel like well be an excellent partner. Maybe Jim would want to comment a little bit about our Shariah-Compliant capability. 
Jim McCaughan:  In terms of Shariah-compliant capability I think there is two important features here; one is the so called cyclic fund market where our bonds are structured as so that those are rent loan ownership rather than a payment of interest and we have a strong capabilities in the quantitative analysis and the structure analysis of bonds which are really quite well placed for helping those people to comply with those trends.  Also in equities the strengths in investing in particular sectors, that our portfolio engineering skills allow us to implement restrictions that clients choose to have and were finding that in a number of parts of the world there are more religious and ethical constrains being used and were delighted to work with CIMB here, to respond to some of the concerns that theyre clients files, in particular their Milton clients filed about investing in particular sectors or particular stocks.  Our approach allows us to engineer portfolios, which are well diversified but nevertheless comply with their constraints. Its really very exciting to able to address a broader client range using these techniques.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James:  Okay and then on another topic; Larry I think the American Academy of Actuaries came our earlier this week suggesting that the Social Security terminates should be raised. I would think that that would be good for you. You being Principal as oppose to you personally.
Larry Zimpleman:  Well, I think the Academy Steven that particular recommendation was as it related to Social security and we wont go into a monologue here on Social securities, but obviously there are a number of issues there that I think we believed would be in the interest of our country to deal with that issue and one of the realities around the way that youd deal with a financial shortfall on Social security is I think any reasonable person who would look at this would conclude that rising the normal retirement age would be one of the primary steps that we would use for closing that financial short fall.  I dont know Steven the extent to which that necessarily  it has an indirect implication as it relates to the retirement ages generally or normal retirement ages and if you will employ a sponsor plan, but Im just noting that those two are really somewhat separate. I dont know that necessarily changes the whole view around normal retirement age being 65, but it certainly helps the financial conditions of social security.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James:  Okay, all right. Thanks guys.
Larry Zimpleman:  You bet. Thanks.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your next question is from Eric Berg with Lehman Brothers.
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers:  Thanks very much and good morning to everyone and good morning. I was hoping to return to the capital issue and Mike or Larry, I suddenly listened attentively to all the discussion about the $300 million in excess capital in the debt capacity and the capital being generated, but it sure feels like thats not a particularly big cushion to deal with future turbulence. In other words my ultimate question is why is this not the right take.  It sort of feels like we are flying along here very smoothly with a little bit of a capital cushion but we got this $5.5 billion CMBS portfolio that is very stable right now, but if we were to have to take large losses on it  not saying were going to but if that were to happen, that $300 million doesnt feel given the magnitude of the size of the company, the size of the investment portfolio to be a big number.  So, my question is why isnt that the right take to say that principal is stable from a capital positions right now, but if there were a sudden change in the market, it would have to raise capital. Why isnt that the right perspective to have?
Larry Zimpleman: 
 : In addition to that as I think we said in our comments there are a variety of a set of real time capital management levers that we could pull; in other words for example today we still envision some level of M&A as an ongoing element of our business strategy and so the opportunity for capital management is there. There certainly is again an ability to continually evaluate the level of expense. Now I want to be a little careful there, because we believe that much of the expense  were not an organization that runs with a high level of excess expense, but like any organization there are certain levels of investment and they are fairly significant that we believe have appropriate payback for us over a long-term period of time.  For example, we talk a lot about our work secure and retire secured capability as just one example and we believe those are appropriate long-term investments; were going to continue to do that, but these are all capital management levers that we could go to and so we would regard Eric, our current level of capital as appropriate, as prudent, given our AA rating and we dont see anything realistically that changes that conclusion, but Ill have Mike adding further comments that hed like.
Mike Gersie:  I think the only comment Id add Larry and I think it sort of wraps up what youve said, is this organization generates a lot of free cash, a lot of free capital. Obviously a bit constrained is because of our stock market and our earnings right now, but it gets back to a more normal period or even in an abnormal period, there is still a lot of additional resources that this organization generates as it moves through time and that gives us a bit of additional cushion. 
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers:  Mike, I hope you have an incredibly happy and healthy retirement. Thank you.
Mike Gersie:  Thanks, Eric
Larry Zimpleman: Thanks, Eric.
Operator:  We have reached the end of our Q&A. Mr. Zimpleman, your closing comments please.
Larry Zimpleman:  Let me thank you again for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest and support. As we said were very pleased with our results for the quarter, particularly in light of what remains a difficult operating environment, but our businesses continue to show strong momentum and we believe thats going to continue and we continue to stand by the quality of our investment portfolio and importantly the very, very disciplined process we have behind it; a process driven by strong risk management, very broad diversification and tight asset liability matching. Id again note the improvements since first quarter and credit spreads especially related to our commercial mortgage-backed securitizations and our credit CDO holdings, our portfolio is relatively less exposed to date to sub-prime residential mortgage and below investment grade securities.  While there are some headwinds due to market conditions we believe we face them as a company with very strong fundamentals and a long track record were effectively navigating in highly challenging environments and we look forward to meeting with all of you over the next several months and having the opportunity to discuss our competitive advantages that we think make Principal very compelling long-term investment. Thanks and I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 pm Eastern Time until the end of the day August 13, 2008. The access code for the replay is 53322914. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for International callers. Thank you again for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Barry Griswell - Chairman Larry Zimpleman - Chief Operating Officer Mike Gersie - Chief Financial Officer John Aschenbrenner - President, Life and Health Insurance Segment Jim McCaughan - President, Global Asset Management Julia Lawler - Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Tom Kilmokie - Goldman Sachs Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Jeff Schuman - KBW Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. If you dont already have a copy, the earnings release, financial supplement and additional information on the companys investment portfolio, can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following our reading of the Safe Harbor Provision, Chairman, Barry Griswell; Chief Operating Officer, Larry Zimpleman; and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Gersie will deliver some prepared remarks. Then well open up for questions. Others available for the Q&A are: Division Presidents, John Aschenbrenner, responsible for the Life and Health Insurance segment, and Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events, or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Barry?
Barry Griswell - Chairman: Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. As you know effective May 1, Larry Zimpleman assumed the role of CEO. As such this will be my last earnings call. I will focus my opening comments not on the quarter but rather on the leadership team taking this company forward. Larry and Mike Gersie will follow my remarks with an overview of the quarter and some color on execution of our growth strategy. Since our IPO in 2001, we have communicated our performance and progress in three key areas: continuing growth in our US and international accumulation businesses, leveraging our Global Asset Management expertise and profitably growing our Life and Health insurance businesses. The team taking us forward is the same team that has led the day-to-day operations of this organization and delivered strong performance since we went public. I will start with some accomplishments of three individuals whose leadership has been instrumental in driving strong growth in our US and international accumulation businesses; Larry Zimpleman, Dan Houston, who recently was named President of our US Asset Accumulation segment and Norman Sorensen, CEO of Principal International who we recently promoted to Executive Vice President. Larry and Dan along with our outstanding retirement sales team have submitted the Principals leadership in the US retirement industry driving full service accumulation account values to nearly $100 billion and capturing the number one position by plans in bundle 401(k), defined benefit non-qualified and ESOP. Larry and Norman have taken Principal International from a loss in 2001 to more than a $100 million of earnings in 2007 with more than $30 billion in assets under management as of quarter end and top five positions in most of its markets. Moving to Global Asset Management, under Jim McCaughans leadership, we have seen third party assets under management increase nearly $80 billion or 980%, reflecting top tier investment performance, expansion of investment capabilities, strong sales force build up and an outstanding job managing and maximizing acquisitions. Our asset management and asset accumulation businesses have been strong partners with Principal Global Investors managing more than 60% of full service accumulation account values reflecting competitive performance and strong product innovation. While 2007 was a difficult year for the Life and Health segment, under John Aschenbrenners leadership, the team has achieved solid earnings growth, turned the specialty benefits division into a top player for non-medical coverage and transformed individual life into a leading provider of business focus solutions. On a related note, I would like to thank Carey Jury for his years of dedication and service. Carey retired last month as Head of the Health Division. I would also like to welcome his replacement, Dave Shafer, who brings more than 20 years of healthcare industry experience to the job. We have a deep and experienced management team, I dont have time to cover each of them but I will now mention one other, Julia Lawler, whom you know from our investor day and quarterly earnings calls. Julia has enabled us to navigate through some extremely difficult market conditions, maintaining a high quality, well diversified investment portfolio. While I am proud of the results that Principal has delivered under my tenure as CEO, I am even more proud of the investments we have made along the way to ensure strong growth into the future. We have a great strategy. Importantly, its coupled with a great management team and a great group of employees who are executing on it each and every day. I truly believe the best days for this company are yet to come. With that, let me turn it over to Larry.
Larry Zimpleman - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Barry for your words of support and for your vision, dedication and hard work over the course of 20 years with the Principal. Because of your leadership, we are positioned to capitalize on the opportunities and face the challenges that are ahead. Before I begin my overview, a brief comment on first quarters difficult operating environment. Capital market declines were severe including a 9.9% drop in the S&P 500 index. And the CMBS market experienced unprecedented stress as a result of the general credit crisis. So, while the results for the quarter were below our long term annual earnings per share growth target of 11 to 13%, we have used 6% earnings per share growth as a very solid result and one that demonstrates the benefit of having a diverse stream of earnings. Importantly, we were very pleased with the number of key growth indicators, measures we believe demonstrate our competitive strengths and our ability to deliver on earnings per share and ROE goals over the long term. Starting with the US asset accumulation segment, full service accumulation delivered record sales of $3.5 billion, an increase of 57% compared to the year ago quarter. Two key factors are driving our continued sales success. The advantage we have in the marketplace with Total Retirement Suite and our increasing momentum with distribution alliances. In the first quarter, Total Retirement Suite made up 67% of sales based on assets. Alliance sales were up nearly 150% from a year ago to $2.2 billion. With gross pipeline of 18% from year ago, we remain highly optimistic about our outlook for full year sales. Strong sales coupled with strong retention drove full service accumulation net cash flows to a record $3 billion, an improvement of 126%. Deposits were up 37% from a year ago. By comparison, withdrawals increased only 6% on 12% higher beginning of year account values. While declining equity markets contribute to lower average account balances and therefore lower withdrawals, this was nonetheless a tremendous quarter of retention with contract and member level withdrawals of less than 4% combined. This was also another good quarter for retention of plan and participant assets at risk due to retirement or job change. We retained more than $500 million in the first quarter into mutual fund, individual annuity and bank products demonstrating the strength of our asset retention capabilities and the depth and breadth of our retail rollover solutions. We also captured $310 million of additional assets in the first quarter between participants rolling other retirement plan assets into their Principal administrative plan and moving other assets into Principals retail offering. In light of accelerating boomer retirements we continue to invest heavily in building long term relationships with planned participants. Working with advisors and using our Retire Secure in Principal connection resources that investment is clearly paying off. Individual annuities delivered a similarly strong result in terms of sales and net cash flows. Sales more than doubled from a year ago reflecting increased penetration across multiple distribution channels and continued success with a fixed deferred annuity product we launched in the middle of 2007. Withdrawals have remained stable in absolute terms but have declined as a percent beginning of year account values from 3.3% a year ago to 2.6% for first quarter 2008. Moving to Principal Funds we characterize sales and net cash flows for the quarter as solid with signs of improvement in the national channel. Across the industry, sales have slowed and redemption rates have increased, the result of volatile markets. To add some perspective, compared to first quarter 2007, industry cash flows are down $120 billion or 87%. As disclosed in our financial supplement mutual fund account values are down from year end. Equity market declines drove $2.5 billion of the reduction. We also had an outflow of $1.25 billion attributable to a single shareholder, Washington Mutual, which is shown on the other line of the account value roll forward. In spite of continued strong fund performance Washington Mutual elected to change investment options within their 401K plan. While we were very disappointed this outflow was one we had built into our acquisition plan WM advisors. Because of fund were removed right at quarter end there was no impact on first quarter 2008 operating earnings. Going forward this will reduce Principal Funds earnings by about $1 million per quarter. A couple of additional comments on the progress and direction of the mutual funds business, regarding our wholesale platform we continue to make good progress identifying and filling open territories and retaining existing resources. Our proprietary channels continue to show increased interest in an increased sales of our expanded array of funds and we are investing in resources to support their efforts. As discussed last quarter we made tremendous progress getting our funds approved for sale on firms top tier research platforms. As you know it takes time to translate shelf space into sales. We are making progress broadly and in some cases such as our offering of preferred securities seeing meaningful sales momentum on a number of platforms. Moving to Global Asset Management the first quarter was a period of continued strong investment performance. 64%, 76% and 72% of the retirement plan separate accounts managed by Principal Global investors ranked in the top two Morningstar quartiles for the one, three and five year periods respectively at quarter end. Reflecting that strong performance Principal Global Investors was awarded more than $5 billion of non-affiliated assets to manage during the quarter. First quarter net cash flow was worth $3.4 billion contributing to nearly $15 billion of net cash flows over the trailing 12 months. In spite of significant equity market declines Principal Global Investors fee mandate business continued to perform well with 13% growth in earnings. However, volatile conditions in the global credit markets which in turn impacted the CMBS market drove losses in the spread and securitization business. As a reminder we are a 49% owner in the securitization business. We start to originating loans in November 2007 and to minimize the risk of further mark-to-market losses, since year end we reduced loan inventory by approximately two-thirds to about $540 million. We have accomplished this reduction due to the very high quality of our portfolio. In light of recent transactions we are confident our marks are consistent with the view of values of potential buyers in the marketplace. As such, we now believe that over the remaining three quarters of 2008 spread and securitization business will come in at or near breakeven. All this said, for the full year we expect Principal Global Investors earnings to come in around $95 million, this incorporates our expectation for continued double digit earnings growth from the fee mandate business reflecting our increasing emphasis on this key growth engine. Returning to the point of earnings diversification, Principal International delivered its second best earnings quarter as did Life and Health. Principal Internationals strong earnings reflect significant growth in assets under management, which are up 37% from a year ago to a record $30 billion with 43% growth in Latin America and 28% growth in Asia. Net cash flows continue to be strong as well at $730 million for the quarter or 2.5% beginning of year assets. Based on normalized earnings Principal Internationals return on equity is just under 10%, this segment remains on track to achieve a new target established at year end, sustainable return on equity of about 11% by 2010. First quarter was a period of solid earnings improvement for the Life and Health segment even after adjusting for favorable reserve developments benefiting first quarter 2008 results and other items impacting comparability, which Mike will discuss. At 15.9% return on equity specialty benefits continues to operate at desired profitability levels. Premiums and fees were up 5% compared to the year ago quarter as the division maintained pricing discipline in difficult economic conditions and a highly competitive market. Expense management remains sound and we are working on a number of initiatives to continue driving sustainable profitable growth for the division. Individual life division continues to build sales momentum across a broad spectrum of products including 18% growth from a year ago for our non-qualified offering, one of the 4 pillars of Total Retirement Suite. First year and single premiums and deposits are up 48% for the division, reflecting solid performance from the career channel and increasing momentum with new independent distribution relationships. The health division posted strong first quarter earnings even after adjusting for the development of 2007 year end claims. Return on equity improved to 12.8%, in light of first quarters results we now expect the division to earn between $45 million and $55 million for the year on a reported basis. Our strategy for growing covered members is highly focused on local markets, analyzing conditions to identify availability of better network discounts and Principal specific provider contracts. We are also highly focused on claims and expense management, which contribute to improving our overall price competitiveness. While I return to membership growth and a sustainable return on equity of 15% is a multi-year process, Id reiterate the longer term opportunities for the division. In consumer driven healthcare, health savings accounts and wellness and our belief that we have the expertise to capitalize on these trends in both the insured medical and fee for service businesses. Mike?
Mike Gersie - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Larry. This morning Ill spend a few minutes providing financial detail for each of our four operating segments including items impacting comparability between periods. I will start with US asset accumulation, segment account values are up $6.8 billion or 4% from a year ago to $175 billion at quarter end. Well, segment earnings decreased $16 million or 10%, also this accumulation mutual funds and individual annuities made up the vast majority of the change in account values and earnings for the segment. Thats where Ill focus my remarks starting with a high level comment and the impact of recent market performance. Debt markets performed in first quarter 2008 consistent with our 2% per quarter assumption, full service accumulation would have ended the quarter with an additional $8 plus billion of account values, in the mutual fund business with an initial $3 plus billion. The sharp drop in markets has significantly impacted revenues and this revenue decline occurred at a time when we were increasing our strategic investments. In Retire Secure, asset retention and retirement income management in full service accumulation business and an expanding investment offerings and ramping up distribution in the funds business. During the first quarter, we initiated a corporate wide expense reduction effort to offset a significant portion of the impact of revenue decline. These efforts helped but did not totally eliminate pressure on new term earnings. Well, we absolutely committed to aligning expenses with revenues over the long term. We believe doing so, demands are measured thoughtful approach. Should weak markets persist over, we will respond accordingly. That said we continue to make ongoing investments, we believe are needed drive strong sales growth and outstanding customer retention over the long term. Moving to my detailed review, at $68 million in the first quarter full service accumulation earnings were down $14 million or 17% from a year ago and a 7% increase in mean account values. As communicated in our press release, several items impact that comparability between periods. First quarter 2007 earnings benefited $6 million in total from tax and reserve true ups. First quarter 2008 earnings were dampened by $10 million in total due to a change from a year ago in the mix of investments in 401K plans, lower income tax benefits and the impact of declining interest rates on market value adjustments and customer withdrawals. Some of these items are market driven and more temporary in nature as previously communicated. Changes in business mix are affecting return on account values by impacting revenue collections and tax benefits. In 2007, excluding the large deferred acquisition cost adjustment in the third quarter, our return in account values was 34 basis points. Given investments in our business and changes to our mix, we believe 30 to 32 basis points is a better range over the next several years. Clearly though wed expect to be above and below it on a regular basis to do normal business and economic fluctuations. Importantly, we expect the positive impact on return on equity over the long term, because the change in business mix has been through our products that require a less equity. Before I move to Principal Funds, I will briefly discuss full service accumulation, deferred policy acquisition cost amortization expense, specifically, why expense is down from a year ago. As you know, we review experience each quarter and a number of components can contribute to the associated true up. As expected the severe drop in equity markets in the first quarter 2008, did result in an increase to amortization expense approximately $10 million. However, our review also identified favorable experience adjustments relative to revenue and lapse assumptions, which resulted in an offsetting decrease to amortization expense of approximately $12 million. Moving to Principal Funds at $8 million in the first quarter, earnings were down nearly $4 million from a year ago and essentially flat account values. There are several pass through items that have no net effect on earnings for the business, but impact fee revenue, commission expense, and other expense lines. Excluding those items, fee revenues are down about $2.5 million from a year ago and other expenses are up about $3.5 million. The decline in revenues, reflect recent changes to mix with fund investors moving assets into lower fee investments. The increase in expenses reflects build up of infrastructure to support our growth expectations for the business as well as ongoing investment. As always with all of our businesses we continue to keep a close eye on expenses relative to revenue. Moving to individual annuities at $17 million, earnings were up 6% from a year ago. Several items dampened first quarter 2008 earnings, one dampen first quarter of 2007. In the current quarter, between a guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit reserved true up and lower than normal investment prepayments earnings were dampened by about $3 million after tax. We also had some minor spread compression, which reduced current quarter earnings by about a $1 million. First quarter 2007 earnings were dampened by about $1.5 million due to asset liability derivative mark-to-market changes. After adjusting for items in both periods, earnings were up about 19% compared to a 22% increase in average account values. At $3 million in the first quarter, Principal Global Investors earnings compared to $24 million a year ago. Fee mandate business earnings were $19 million in the first quarter of 2008, an increase of 13%. Higher fee mandate earnings were offset by losses in the spread and securitization business reflecting unprecedented volatility in global credit markets and its impact on commercial mortgage backed securities market. The spread and securitization business lost $16 million in the first quarter 2008, compared to $7 million of earnings in the first quarter of 2007, due to volatility of spreads and the resulting mark-to-market losses and the commercial mortgage loan inventory held in the CMBS joint venture. Moving to International Asset Management accumulation, first quarter earnings were up 64% from a year ago. The improvement primarily reflects continued strong asset under management growth and operational efficiencies. It also reflects a benefit of $6 million after tax due to favorable currency exchange rates and an unusually high first quarter inflation in Chile, which increased our yield and inflation linked assets. At $79 million first quarter earnings were up $34 million from a year ago for the Life and Health segment. Trailing 12 months return on invested capital improved 80 basis points from a year ago to a 12.5%. Individual life earnings were $21 million compared to $15 million a year ago. The increase from the year ago reflects returned to more normal lapses in death claims and growth in the block of business. As Larry indicated, at $35 million, this was a strong earnings quarter for the health division. First quarter 2008 earnings were positively impacted by $7 million due to a favorable development at year end 2007 claims. First quarter 2007 earnings of $12 million were negatively impacted by $15 million due to unfavorable development at year end 2006 claims. When thinking about the remainder of the year, keep in mind that the accounting treatment of high deductible health plans typically results in the highest level of earnings in the first quarter, moderate earnings in the second and third quarters and losses in the fourth quarter. Specialty benefits earnings were $24 million, an increase of $6 million from the first quarter of 2007. The increase reflects growth in the business and a favorable reserve adjustment in the individual disability line of $4 million after tax. I would also remind you that all three Life and Health divisions return to capital to corporate during 2007, resulting in lower earnings from investment income in the current quarter of $3 million after tax. Let me also comment briefly on our net realized, unrealized capital losses for the quarter. In first quarter 2008 we recognized $75 million of capital losses through the income statement, which includes $29 million of losses related to impairments of fixed maturity securities, including $7 million related to subprime. $16 million in impairments and equity securities and unrealized capital losses of $22 million primarily mark-to-market of credit default swaps. Given the volatility of credit markets predominantly driven by technicals, we view this level of losses as reasonable. Also reflecting tremendous market volatility we recognized through the balance sheet approximately $840 million of net unrealized losses net of debt and tax. These losses were included in other comprehensive income because we believe the recent declines in market value are temporary that the fundamentals are not being reflected in the values of these assets and that we have the intent and ability to hold them until they recover. Our policy does not include bright line test but rather a rigorous process to access abeyance ability to perform. In light of the magnitude of net unrealized losses this quarter we posted a breakdown of gains and losses by sector on our website. Due to an ongoing investor interest in our exposure to certain investments we posed on our website some additional detail on commercial mortgages and CMBS as well. Ill comment specifically on why we are comfortable with our commercial mortgage loan and commercial mortgage backed securities holding. Regarding commercial mortgages 90% occupancy, 58% loan to value and 1.9 times interest coverage, we are extremely comfortable with our portfolio. Even in a slowing economy we have tremendous amount of cushion. Regarding our CMBS holdings, delinquencies in the underlying mortgages were [5,800] of 1% through March. When we apply our recession scenario, the cumulative default rate increases to 12%, which would produce losses of less than $30 million over the life of the portfolio. The current pricing reflected in our unrealized loss figure implies cumulative losses four to five times greater than our recession scenario. I would emphasize a couple of additional key points. Market pricing does not reflect current or expected fundamental performance. In fact, we saw a $70 million improvement in values of our CMBS portfolio just in the month of April. And as a leading real estate asset manager, he is our strong technical expertise to review the underlying loans in the CMBS pool and assess the quality before investing as well as on an ongoing basis. Given the high quality of our holdings in the large amount of subordination to take first losses, our CMBS portfolio stand a significant increase in delinquencies from todays level and still perform well. To wrap up my comments let me quickly cover capital. At quarter end we were basically at the level required by the rating agencies and have a modest amount of debt capacity. Today we have completed half of the boards November 2007 $500 million repurchase authorization. As always, we will continue to look for ways to optimize our capital structure and effectively use capital to build value for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks and I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question is from Tom Kilmokie with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kilmokie:  Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions, I guess number one you talked about capital little bit and I just wanted to kind of understand a little bit how that impacted your decision apparently not to buyback any stock during the first quarter when it averaged $58 and in 07, you were relatively aggressive buying it back at closer to $66 bucks a share and even -- so I am just a little bit, I want to get some little bit more clarity on your buyback and then I could follow up with another question?
Barry Griswell: Well, good morning Tom. This is Barry, we will let Mike maybe chime in. but I think I would answer that its primarily amount of capital we had and we dont normally try to buy shares back opportunistically based on share price, we typically have an authorization and we often use a 10b5 and go out into the market. So, it really was related more to our capital adequacy and the volatility in the markets to make sure that we are being prudent and more so than the stock price. Mike you want to add.
Mike Gersie: I think that is right, Barry. I think the other thing you have to remember is this organization generates a lot of free cash so as we look out over the remainder of the year I think as we said in the past roughly half of our operating earnings, organic growth the rest can be used for either dividends or share repurchase or acquisitions. So, I think we have got adequate capital resources but as Barry said I think we like other companies are keeping a little bit of dry powder given all the volatility in the markets.
Tom Kilmokie: Okay. So, we should expect in the balance of the year that you would pick up a little bit on the share buyback?
Barry Griswell: I think it will be premature or for me to indicate but that certainly a possibility.
Tom Kilmokie: Okay. And that if I can just follow up sorry I apologize if this is well known to people. But, just that you can just review the group life, why you end up having the loss in the fourth quarter and the coming issues that drive help that in the health business?
Barry Griswell: I am sorry.
Tom Kilmokie: In the health business I think you were mentioning third and fourth, second and third quarter all to be relatively positive and the fourth quarter a loss?
Barry Griswell: Sure, Tom we will cover that very briefly. John.
John Aschenbrenner: Yeah, Tom. Basically as we get more and more business under high deductible health plans, the accounting would have reflect those claims in the quarter that they are incurred. And so, you are going to have lower health claims in the first quarter when the deductible hasnt been satisfied yet and you are going to have much higher health claims in the fourth quarter after the deductible is fully satisfied.
Tom Kilmokie: Got you. Okay, that makes sense. Alright thank you.
Barry Griswell: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Berg with Lehman Brothers.
Eric Berg:  Thanks very much and good morning. My question concerns to securitization business well I realize you have paired back your exposure significantly in the warehouse and perhaps that is a big reason why you are more confident than you have been or you continue to be confident that this business will breakeven prospectively, I think you told us this in the past and yet we had a noticeable loss in the quarter. My question if you thought you had a handle on it first time and things turned out to be materially different from what you expected, why should we have confidence now that your forecast will be reasonable? Thank you.
Barry Griswell:  Thanks Eric and good morning. I think I will let Jim 
Eric Berg: Thank you Barry.
Barry Griswell: Jim?
Jim McCaughan: Yeah, Barry. Its true that the last earning call we indicated the expectation the business could breakeven for the rest of the year. What we didnt know and nobody knew at that time was the extreme credit market disruption in March and in particular the very large moves and spreads over the Bear Stearns weekend in the middle of March and as you know the securitization inventory is daily mark-to-market and during that period the CMBS prices went down so much that it was marked right to whole loan prices, which meant that the hedging effect really went away. So, the extreme disruption that was the hedging got disrupted and you know that was an extraordinary event and absent such an extraordinary event we are pretty confident that we can manage with hedging and with a much lower inventory. As I think was pointed out during the prepared remarks at the end of April the inventory in the joint venture and remember 49% of business attributable to Principal stake the inventory in the joint venture was down to $540 million from $1.7 billion at the beginning of the year. The reduction reflects the very high quality well under written loans that have been in that inventory and we have seen very good demand both from some securitization where we securitize over 600 million in February and also from whole loan buyers. So, we are seeing very good demand for the little ones and while not under pressure we feel pretty confident that we can keep this inventory at a pretty low level and hedge it effectively absent any extreme disruption of the type that we saw in mid March.
Barry Griswell: And Eric I would just add that this a business we are committed to, we think this will come back and be a very profitable business force in the future. So, for our way I think this is not the time to discontinue the business or get out of it. Good days are ahead in this business we believe.
Eric Berg: I have one final question relating to credit, I believe Mike Gersie said in his prepared remarks he cited little factors in explaining I hope I have this right. Why certain income securities were trading at material discounts to say amortizing costs, reasons other than credit, could you elaborate what you mean by technical factors in other words why would a bond in your opinion trade at a significant discount from amortized cost to an extended for reasons other than credit?
Barry Griswell: Okay, thanks Eric. We will ask Julia to answer that.
Julia Lawler:  Yeah, Eric thank you very much. Well, the spread wide there is no question and what we mean by technical versus fundamental is that trading behavior was driven more by ownership of CMBS or the index or shorting that index as the case may be. So, I would say that whats happened in March to get back to Jims comments about the disruption is that we had lots of players in the market that were needing to either liquidate their portfolio so they chose what was able to be liquidated which was high quality CMBS or they were needing to short a hedged position or change a hedged position, which affected the value of bonds. I will compare that to fundamental that affect spread, fundamental just predominantly around default rates increasing, foreclosures increasing, losses on actual commercial mortgages increasing. None of that had occurred. That's how I would compare technical to fundamental.
Eric Berg: Very clear, Thank you Julia, Im all set.
Barry Griswell: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question is from Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks and good morning. I had a question about the full serves culmination business and the commentary about the low return on asset number going forward. I think youve talked about this qualitatively but you haven't quantified it in the past. I guess I just want to understand what the major driver here is, is it fund performance or the proliferation of target date funds or the move tomorrow larger cases. I mean whats going on underneath? And then in terms of the pipeline Larry, I think you said that the pipeline for FSA is up I think it was 18%. Do you have a nominal amount of money in terms of the pipeline? And I think in the past youve talked about a close rate of 14%, is that still a good close rate over a 12 month period? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman: Good morning Suneet. This is Larry, on the second one I will take that first, in terms of the close rate, the, youre right. I mean the historical close rate actually Suneet, its been more than 12% somewhere in that 11%-12% range. And in the first quarter our close rate was closer to 18. So, you can see why it was such an outstanding sales quarter. And again I would not, well, Im not going to sit here and predict an 18% close rate, I think that is support however, for our comments that our total retirement sweet capability as well as the strong investment performance of PGI and our partners continues to churn out, thus put us in a very strong position. So, again I dont do the 18% as a statistical blip although Im not going to sit here and predict because that would be that high every quarter. But again its typically been in that kind of 12% range, with 18% in the first quarter and again we remain optimistic because of the competitive nature of our offering. On the first question I think you were really looking there is any poor, whether some of the drivers that are kind of impacting the return, whether its ROA return the asset to ROE, I think again there is a number of factors but the one more dominant than anything else is simply that with our Total Retirement Suite initiative you are seeing more employer securities being embedded into the account values. And we showed it in our financial supplement today the employer securities are around 6% of the total account value that was about 4% a year ago that would have been 0% three or four years ago and the nature of employer securities is that the fees we get on that are primarily consulting and a small amount of administrative fee so you do not have the larger asset management fees and better than those employer securities, so what we are talking about here is I think it is important for everybody not to draw the conclusion that the our way going down is a bad thing the fact that we can compete on TRS and include employer securities allows us to have a bigger opportunity in the market to grow our total account value and asset base and we accept as a trade-off for that that the ROA is going to be slightly less but the net opportunity to grow full service accumulation earnings is definitely enhanced as a result of having employer security so I hope that helps a little bit.
Suneet Kamath: No, it does. Just follow up in the pipeline you have a normal amount as of end of the quarter season?
Larry Zimpleman: A normal amount or the dollar amount the pipeline.
Suneet Kamath: Exactly.
Larry Zimpleman: I think it tends to run somewhere in the sort of $20-25 billion range maybe closer to $30 billion in any point in time again depending a little bit on seasonality, Suneet.
Suneet Kamath: Okay that is comparably up 18% that you mentioned in your comments.
Barry Griswell: Yes. That was a yes.
Suneet Kamath: Okay got it, thanks very much. Perfect thank you.
Barry Griswell: Okay, thanks Suneet. You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Hi everybody, just a couple of questions one more I guess a theory question article yesterday in the Washington journal about people looking to take loans into cash and therefore in case I was wondering if you had given the economic environment I was wondering if you all had had thoughts on that and how that they affect your business and then second you might have gotten this with time but I did not get it the health insurance guidance 45 to 55 million or 37 million in the first quarter maybe if you talk about what you see happening there?
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, Steven good morning this is Larry
Steven Schwartz: Good morning Larry.
Larry Zimpleman: I will take one and John can follow up on your health question. In terms of the 401K loans or I will say maybe more broadly the impact of a slowing economy in what impact that has on 401K withdrawals is again quickly there are two ways that 401K loans members were how you could see the impact is slowing economy, one would be through actual hardship withdrawals some plans do have hardship withdrawal and you can have the opportunity as a 401K loans plan member to gain access to some of your account value through a financial hardship. I would say on that side of the withdrawal we are really not seeing any impact when we look at our experience in Q1 as compared to prior quarters no discernable trends I think thats positive. On the other way you could access in a flowing economy would be through planned loans as your question was directed, there what I would say is were seeing a very, very slight uptick in a number of calls to our contact centre around plan loans, but were not really seeing any again discernable trend or increase in planned loans. So, it would be even call it a rounding error as it relates to planned loans and probably be to overstated, but there are at least a few more calls that are coming to the call center, but usually again once apprise of other opportunities and most planned members understand and its really not in their interest to take the planned loan and there are many other ways, more effective ways to handle some sort of slowing economy or financial emergency. And now Ill ask John to talk about your health question.
John Aschenbrenner: Sure Steve. Last quarter we indicated that we expected health earnings for this year to be in the 35 to $40 million range.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. 
John Aschenbrenner: Because of the very strong results that we are seeing in the first quarter weve increased that $10 million to $15 million and we expect earnings to be in the 45 to $55 million range for the year.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. I understand the loss ratios move up that really by that much I mean its thats just strikes me as a considerable effect of where you are, you have been the reserve development?
John Aschenbrenner: Yeah, we have moved now to where we have about 67% of our health business is in higher deductible plans and that really will drive again heavy claims in the fourth quarter compared to the first quarter. So, you might expect something in the range of $12 million earnings in the second and third quarter and maybe a 5 to a $10 million loss in the fourth quarter to reflect the seasonality of the health claim based on high deductible plans.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. I got it. Thank you.
Barry Griswell: Thank you.
John Aschenbrenner:  $12 million each second quarter and third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Ed Spehar with Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar: Good morning, thank you. I had a couple of questions Larry in terms of thinking about the impact on ROA from TRS, can you give us some sense of, if you look at the just TRS portion of the book what percentage of the asset would be employer security and maybe more specifically and just thinking about the marginal ROA for this business, can you give us some sense of what it would be for the TRS and the alliance sales relative to your other sales?
Barry Griswell: Sure, good morning. First of all, if you focus around our Total Retirement Suite, again I think there is some tendency probably through our own communication that we have sort of tended to have you think that TRS is somehow kind of a subtext for employer securities and thats not necessarily the case in other words you can find employer securities in medium sized plans and even some smaller sized plans where they maybe more private employer securities not necessarily public employer securities so the range for any given plan what percentage of it is employer securities obviously ranges all over the lot from 0% for many, to something maybe as high as 20-25% for some plans. Now again this add as all part of the underwriting process that we go through at front end and obviously we make sure as a part of our underwriting process that the revenue we are going to receive holistically whether its from the employer securities, from the other assets thats going to pay us with a necessary ROA for the work we do so dont read into that we have sort of different ROA targets by TRS versus plans that are not TRS or plans that have employer securities versus plans, that dont have employer securities. And again, these are all just part of the underwriting process that we go through. In terms of your other question on marginal ROA actually I have to tell you that I do not think we look at the business that way, we dont really think about trying to kind of write business on a sort of marginal basis thats just never been a part of our philosophy here so our goal remains that that same sort of overall ROA that we have been talking about kind of in that 32 bases point range as we said in our comments so I hope that someone helpful.
Larry Zimpleman: Ed, this is Larry I would also add that this first quarter we just had $3.5 billion we had very little employer securities in that quarter so I dont want anybody get the turn that prevented all of our businesses starting to build that way, in fact, I do not know that we had any large cases at all with these. Yeah we had, in the first quarter we had that $3.5 billion 6% of that was an employer security so again these things will having to flow back and forth and I think various comments are important to understand. Okay, likely to just follow up with one question. If you expect though that some of the business you are writing today has a lower ROA but higher ROE. Why would the return on assets outlook over the next several years according I think the comment that might made was 30 to 32 basis points over the next several years why wouldnt that surely move lower over time given the mix of business.
Barry Griswell: Yeah, I mean, I think that is the point that Mike was trying to explain. Again if you go back two or three years there was no employer securities in the account valued so basically everything there were dollars what we are getting some sort of an embedded asset management fee in the business, now today is the employer securities dont have this embedded asset management fee the other assets do whether they are proprietary or nonproprietary and it now depends on the long terms trends as to ultimately what percentage of account value in full service accumulation is employer securities as I said earlier that was about 4% of account value a year ago that is about 6% of account value today I dont really know and cannot really sort of forecast for you where that may go I think it is always going to remain a relatively small percentage of total account value because again our value proposition is so strong whether it is at the small end, which may not involve employer securities, the mid sized plans, or the large plans so I think it will just depend on time and well see where it goes, but I dont think it will grow substantially but it might get a little higher at 6% it is today.
Ed Spehar: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher:  Good morning. I guess another one to Larry not to be the dead horse, but let me it take different approach at the whole mixture is going on in full service. If you calculate it as revenue yield full service accumulation revenue yield went down from about 98 basis points in 1Q last year to about 89 basis points this quarter and if I think about it that way what would be fee base revenue yield be on some of these larger what say bigger mandates that you have been winning recently if I think about 1000 or larger lives I mean its in number 50 basis points on average, is it 30 in a small case and whats if 100 can you give us a little perspective on because I think it is important to think about. Theres going to be obviously higher associated class on the small end but at least we can understand that dynamic of revenue yield to help us think about at least what we will be seeing on the top line.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay, let me take it short that obviously I dont know that I can relate to revenue yield that you may have defined but let me make some general comments that I think will be helpful to your question. We actually manage the full service accumulation business not as one single overall business. We have incredible discipline and how we go at the business and we actually manage it as a series of interrelated businesses. So when we think about full service accumulation, we actually manage it as a grouping of smaller plans, which we will for the sake of discussion call generally 0 to 5 million in assets kind of medium size plans that we would think somewhat between 5 and 15 million and then the larger plans somewhere between 50 million an above. And we have very, very detailed both revenue expense and overall P&L statements that we run for every one of those businesses. And we are extremely discipline Tom both in the underwriting at the front end as well as the ongoing expense management and ultimately the revenue yield if you will that you see to make sure that we are absolutely not subsidizing in order to get one business at one end at the expense of business at another. We have seen others make that mistake; we will absolutely not go down that path. So when you see the overall ROAs or ROEs of the full service accumulation business you can be confident that if you were to drill down and look at the small, medium or larger and you would see consistent ROAs or ROEs no matter whether youre looking it is small plan or large plans.
Tom Gallagher:  Okay. That's helpful. And is there any broad range you could give us, I dont know even an anecdote to think about what the fees as a percent of AUM would look like for a typical smaller plan versus a large plan. How extreme is that difference on enough that something you can share.
Larry Zimpleman:  Well, I mean Again in terms of gross fees, in a total fees, somebody might pay I say for a very small plant it can be in the 250, 270 basis point range and for very large plans it would probably get down to where it is well under 100 basis points probably closing in on 70 or 80 basis points but the real driving factor around that, Tom is going to be whatever line of investment options they choose to put into the plan extant to wish for example they have index type options versus managed options, that is going to be the biggest driver of the fees they pay.
Tom Gallagher:  Okay. That's helpful. And just one more follow up for me. I guess this would be for Jim. The Global Asset Management fee based earnings guidance of $95 million, are you including any performance fees in that number.
Larry Zimpleman:  The one word answer is yes. Looking at the first quarter, the fee earnings were somewhat depressed, or they were somewhat below trend I think really for three reasons. One is there were some extraordinary costs including $1 million of severance because of people in the more structured products area that got attributed to the fee business. Secondly, there were absolutely no performance fees or incentive fees in the first quarter. And thirdly, because of very low activity in real estate, there were no transaction or borrower fees or very low transaction and borrower fees in the first quarter. So, if you look at the fee business operating earnings, although it was nicely up on a year ago, it was because of the volume growth on the business. It was definitely below trend for those reasons and we have assumed much more of normalized trend thinking about that 95 million expectations. Clearly youve latched on to the piece that's most volatile and that could come in at or behind and that would probably be the most likely if you are using a crystal ball, the most likely thing to help us come in above or below that 95 million expectation that Mike expressed.
Barry Griswell: And thats heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter, right?
Larry Zimpleman:  Yeah, if you look at our past trend actually on quarterly operating earnings on our fee mandate business, the fourth quarter is usually above trend because of the incentive fees.
Tom Gallagher: Thats the reason for most part youre not accruing those, you are waiting to the fourth quarter to make sure those are in the bank?
Larry Zimpleman: Absolutely. There is no -- I mean there are -- we have from week-to-week and days-to-days some beliefs of what's likely to come through, but really you dont know until you bank them and thats when we account for them.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question is from Tamara Kravec with Banc of America.
Tamara Kravec:  Thank you, good morning.
Barry Griswell:  Good morning. 
Tamara Kravec:  First off congratulations, Barry and I wish you the best in your retirement.
Barry Griswell: Well, thank you.
Tamara Kravec: Youre welcome and I just wanted to talk about the individual annuity business and ask how your hedging programs are faring and what -- there has been a lot of new product innovation quite a few of your peers are coming out with, with newer riders and other guaranteed provisions for those products. So, I would be curious for your outlook on that business in more detail and then a quick follow-up on the CMBS securitization just so I understand, your breakeven forecast for the rest of this year, is that assuming that -- some of the markets reverse or are you assuming that they stay the way they are? Thanks.
Barry Griswell: Thanks. Tamara, Let me take the last one very quickly, that does not anticipate recovery more extent. Just a business going forward as it is today and Larry you want to take this.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure, Ill just comment briefly Tamara on the individual annuity and first of all we dont unfortunately have the opportunity in these calls or maybe spend as much time on that business, what we call the retail annuity business as wed like but there is you have certainly seen very, very consistent stable growth, quite actually quite impressive growth well above the industry average in the business and as because we have a very talented team there both the operations team and sales team that has been working very hard to expand distribution and you see that coming through quarter-after-quarter after quarter in increasing sales that are certainly well above the industry experience so we appreciate that you noticed that. In terms of hedging what I would say, is that know, we believe that we are extremely sophisticated certainly at the same level as all the other riders there are in that individual innovative business. We study intently the success of our hedging strategy. It will obviously vary from period to period but in rough terms, very rough terms and over the longer term we think our hedges are 80%-90% effective in accommodating the various risks of that business. So, we are comfortable with it. We have executed very well and plan to continue kind of grow that on a consistent basis as we have in the past.
Tamara Kravec: Thank you.
Barry Griswell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman:  Good morning, Larry, I was wondering if you could give us a few thoughts about the ING city street deal. First of all I am wondering, whether its large enough to, that means it will put a meaningful number of accounts sort of in place with a chance to gather some business. Secondly, does it signal any acceleration industry I mean in do you think, and thirdly can you remind us about your level of interest and appetite to look at properties like that that are focused maybe a little larger case than your current core business?
Larry Zimpleman: Sure Jeff, just a couple of comments on that, I mean obviously there's nothing or there is very little certainly nothing of that size that moves in the market we are not aware of. So you can just sort of take that as a given, I don't think anybody has been anymore active than we have around consolidation.
Jeff Schuman: Does this signal new consolidation?
Larry Zimpleman: I dont know, not necessarily, I tend to believe Jeff, that the issues that drove the city street transaction were relatively unique both to city and state street. First of all I dont think that during venture structure was ever a long term structure, they dont tend to be people who play well in joint ventures. Obviously City has their own issues, that they need to deal with so, I think it was more of a one off unique situation. In terms of what great opportunity answer absolutely yes, when these things go and play, let me just say that the clients dont necessarily just march along. So, there would be a lot of opportunity its a very complicated block, it has a number of very small plans. And then a few handfuls of very large plans. It will be difficult, it will be complicated and will have the opportunity to kind of pick and choose where we want to play and how we want to play versus try and to have to absorb and digest the entire animal so, we will look forward to that opportunity.
Jeff Schuman: Great, thanks a lot.
Barry Griswell: We have time for one more.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson with Citadel Investments.
Dan Johnson: Could you run through the WM asset, the Washington mutual asset withdrawal outlook again and then secondly, the real estate loss in other can you give us a little more color on what that was and finally, the 34 basis points of ROA in 07 FSA is that only include the third quarter adjustments or does that include some of the other adjustments such as the one you have identified in the first quarter of 07? Thanks.
Larry Zimpleman:  Dan this is Larry, I may take the first one and then the last one, in terms of the WM withdrawal let me try to be clear on that I mean not have been clear that was actually the 1.24 was actually a withdrawal attributable to their own home office plans, their own corporate plans, it was not withdrawal attributed to withdrawal of assets which had come to us through financial advisors as part of Washington Mutual distribution platform. So, this was a $1.24 billion withdrawal cash to their corporate plan they have been evaluating the platform on which they have that they have offered to Washington Mutual employees we are aware of that at the time of the acquisition, we as well said in the comments priced on into the acquisition. While we are sorry to see that go, it was not unexpected and again its not something that we havent taken into account. On the 34 basis points what I would say Dan is you want to think about that as kind of the noise [inaudible] are away. Unfortunately, there is never going to be a quarter that is noiseless, but you want to think about If I was building a long term model what I would expect the full service accumulation earnings to be I would be plugging in 34 basis points to day trending down to that sort of 30 to 32 basis points over time recognize on any quarter and its going to be bit a noise.
Barry Griswell: Julia?
Julia Lawler:  Yeah, thanks Dan, its little unusual for us to show real estate losses let me describe that fund, that actually a real estate fund that PTI manages that Principal Life took a minority interest in and therefore we are using equity method of accounting and inside that real estate fund there is actually some CMBS, and as we have been describing in March CMBS had a huge parameter spread so that market change through in our other lines as a negative number. I hope you have obviously that reverse it though through the rest of the year but thats what that is.
Dan Johnson: Thank you, very much.
Barry Griswell: Well, thank you all very much for being on the call today. We appreciate your interest and your support. I would like to express my sincere thanks to our investors and to the sales side analysts for time we have been able to work together over the last several years its been a pretty good experience for me and hope it has been for you. I thoroughly enjoyed it, I really do believe that this company is a better run company because our interaction with investors and with analyst then it keep us on our toes and we appreciate that and we think as I stated makes us well run company. I would also like to thank the board and senior management for allowing for the smooth transition that is undertaken between myself and Larry and then lastly I would just like to express my sincere thanks to our employees and managers and all the team that works here and express my sincere confidence and what we are going to achieve going forward. I know under Larrys leadership and senior team we are going to do great things we have great employees and I can assure you this company will be focussed on doing what is right for our customers, doing what is right for our employees with integrity, and almost will be focussed on creating a sustaining shareholder value, so thank you so much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1 pm. eastern time today until the end of the day May 13, 2008, 38445018 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 8006421687 for US and Canadian callers or 7066459291 for international callers. Thank you again for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Barry Griswell  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Larry D. Zimpleman  President, Chief Operating Officer John E. Aschenbrenner  President, Insurance and Financial Services James P. McCaughan  President, Global Asset Management Michael H. Gersie  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Thomas J. Graf  Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Julia M. Lawler-Johnson  Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities Colin Devine  Citigroup Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch Suneet Kamath  Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments Tom Kilmokie  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group fourth quarter 2007 conference call. There will be a question and answer period after the speakers have completed their remarks. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Thomas J. Graf: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Groups quarterly conference call. If you dont already have a copy, our earnings release and financial supplement can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor.  Following a reading of the Safe Harbour Provision, CEO Barry Griswell, Chief Operating Officer Larry Zimpleman, and CFO Mike Gersie will deliver some prepared remarks. Then well open up for questions.  Others available for the Q&A are: Division President John Aschenbrenner, responsible for the life and health insurance segment, and Jim McCaughan, responsible for global asset management, and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer. Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events, or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the companys most recent annual report on Form 10K and quarterly report on Form 10Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Barry?
J. Barry Griswell: Thanks, Tom, and welcome to everybody on the call. This morning I will continue my pattern of briefly commenting on our performance for the year and the quarter. Mike Gersie will then provide a detailed review of our financial results. Larry Zimpleman will follow Mike with an operational overview. As communicated our investor day, we have three key growth engines: US asset accumulation, Principal Global Investors, and Principal International. In 2007 each of these three asset management and accumulation segments delivered record operating earnings driving a 9% growth in total company earnings and a 12% growth in earnings per share. Excluding the health division results, which we will discuss in more detail, total company earnings improved 15% from a year ago. In a year marked by adverse credit conditions and volatile equity markets, we view these results as particularly strong. In addition to record operating earnings of $1.1 billion for the year, total company highlights include: record operating revenue of $11.2 billion, a 14% increase; record assets under management of $311 billion, an increase of 21%; and 16.4% return on equity at year end, a 110 basis point improvement from year ago. The continued strength of our growth engines was also evident in the fourth quarter. These businesses delivered outstanding results, performance that supports our outlook for continued strong long-term growth. Highlights include: $5.6 billion of sales from our three key retirement and investment offerings, full service accumulation, Principal funds and individual annuities, a 63% increase, 20% growth in Principal Global Investors fee, mandate business earnings reflecting continued strong growth in third party assets, and a 70% increase in Principal International earnings in the fourth quarter; a tremendous finish to a breakout year. Earnings in our other asset management and accumulation businesses were solid as well during the fourth quarter, particularly in light of spread widening and commercial securitization markets and volatile and declining equity markets.  Moving to the life and health insurance businesses, the fundamentals of the specialty benefits and individual life divisions are sound. Each delivered solid earnings in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter earnings of the health division fell short of expectations. Were working hard on the turnaround of the division, but it will take time to implement the pricing adjustments and network discount modifications needed to bring the health business to desired profitability levels. However, weve made good progress in managing expenses to the current level of membership and we will continue to manage that appropriately.  We remain committed to the success of all of our insurance businesses. Each contributes to the strength of our small and medium business franchise; each provides earnings diversification for the organization, an extremely important benefit in times of difficult equity and credit markets; and each can contribute to the organizations long-term profitable growth. Before closing my remarks Ill comment on net income and our outlook going forward. While we had a significant drop in net income in the fourth quarter, which Mike will discuss, much of the decline reflects market conditions. As market conditions improve we would expect to recover a meaningful portion of the losses recognized in the fourth quarter.  Let me also comment on total company outlook given the current environment. Two-thousand-eight will be a challenging year. After dropping nearly 4% in the fourth quarter, the S&P dropped another 6% in the month of January. This directly impacts our level of assets under management and, therefore, operating revenues and earnings. We most recently provided estimates of the impact of equity markets on earnings at our investor day. In addition, continued adverse credit conditions translate into lost revenues and earnings from commercial mortgage loan, origination, and securitization. That said, our fundamentals remain very strong. We remain committed to and confident in our ability to achieve our longer-term performance goals, 11% to 13% average annual growth in EPS, and roughly 50 basis points average annual improvement and return on equity. Mike?
Michael H. Gersie: Thanks, Barry. This morning Ill spend a few minutes providing financial detail for each of our four operating segments, but before I do, a brief overview at the total company level. While reported earnings were down from the year-ago quarter, after isolating the sources of the decline  primarily health division results in the impact of falling equity markets  we see a much better picture with a continued strong underlying performance in our asset management and accumulation businesses. Before I begin the operating segment discussion Ill highlight a change in our reporting format. US asset management and accumulation is now separated into two segments: US asset accumulation, which includes our US-based accumulation and guaranteed businesses, and global asset management, which houses Principal Global Investors.  Let me start with US asset accumulation. Segment account values are up $17.5 billion or 11% from a year ago to $181 billion at year end. For the full year segment earnings increased 21%, 16% excluding the net benefit of $28 million disclosed last quarter for full service accumulation. In fourth quarter 2007 segment earnings increase 2% from a year ago to $150 million. Three items dampened the comparison. With the S&P down nearly 4% in the fourth quarter 2007 and up more than 6% in fourth quarter 2006 there was a meaningful impact on the quarterly variance from deferred policy acquisition cost, or DAC (sic) true-ups. We true-up amortization expense quarterly for actual experience, including equity market performance. Between full-service accumulation and individual annuities, true-ups dampened the comparison by $6.5 million after tax, about $4 million and about $2.5 million respectively.  Full-service accumulation earnings were also dampened in fourth quarter 2007 by about $2 million for refinement to capitalizations and full-service pay-out earnings were reduced $3.5 million for our settlement with the Connecticut attorney general. Adjusting for these items, segment earnings improved about $15 million or 10% in line with the comp failure growth. Let me now offer some additional business-specific detail starting with full-service accumulation. As I mentioned, DAC amortization expense and a refinement to capitalizations dampened the quarterly comparison by about $6 million in total, or about $8.5 million on a pre-tax basis. Adjusting for these items, pre-tax earnings were up about 19% as compared to 17% growth in average account values.  Moving to Principal funds and $11 million, earnings are up 77% from a year ago as our mutual funds business continue to achieve good organic growth and solid post-merger performance. Principal funds earnings did decline $2 million on a sequential basis. This reflects normal expense fluctuations as well as the impact of poor equity markets, which resulted in a $1.2 billion or 3% sequential decline in mutual fund account values.  At $15 million individual annuity earnings were down 24% from a year ago and a 23% increase in average account values. The decline primarily relates to the impact of market volatility on our DAC true-ups as discussed. As well as the net market-to-market of our guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit liability, which we currently account for in operating earnings. As markets stabilize wed expect individual annuity earnings to again grow in line with account values. At $27 million in fourth quarter 2007, Principal Global Investors' earnings declined $5 million from a year ago. While the decline reflects commercial mortgage back securitization spread widening and increased spread hedging cost, the impact of adverse credit conditions has clearly been minimized by our shift to the US bank joint venture in our hedging program. In spite of market conditions, Principal Global Investor earnings are up 6% for the year. This reflects continued strong fee mandate business earnings, which increased 20% in the fourth quarter and 44% for the full year. The breakdown between PGIs fee earnings and their spread and securitization earnings is a new financial supplement display. It reflects our efforts to give investors greater visibility into our new segmentation. Moving to international asset management and accumulation, fourth quarter earnings were $25 million, up 70% from a year ago. The earnings increase reflects solid growth from a year ago in Brazil, Hong Kong, Chile and China. Based on normalized earnings, segment ROE was 8.8% at year end.  While US equity markets were down in the fourth quarter, Principal International experienced positive investment market performance of more than $800 million or 3% of beginning of quarter assets under management. Clearly Principal International provides another important source of earnings diversification for the company. Moving to the life and health segment, at $42 million fourth quarter earnings were down $23 million from a year ago. Especially benefits delivered earnings of $26 million during the fourth quarter, a 19% improvement from a year ago with the division growing premiums and fees by 12% while holding growth and operating expenses to 2%.  Individual life earnings were $26 million in the fourth quarter compared to $30 million a year ago. Adjusting fourth quarter 2006 results for investment earnings on a higher capital base and lower-than-normal DAC amortization expense, division earnings improved modestly from a year ago. Health division had a loss of $9 million in fourth quarter 2007. This compared to $2 million of losses in fourth quarter 2006 after adjusting that period for the development of year end 2006 claims as previously communicated. Due to seasonality of claims experience in our plans with higher deductibles, we expected negligible earnings in fourth quarter 2007. However, at 89% for the quarter, the group medical incurred loss ratio was about 300 basis points higher than we had expected as actual experience continues to run above pricing. Larry will discuss the work were doing to address this issue. Let me now comment on fourth quarters $212 million of realized/unrealized capital losses. This includes unrealized capital losses of $26 million, primarily from the market to market of interest rate and credit defaults loss. It also includes $21 million of realized capital losses related to derivative positions, $135 million of losses related to impairment of fixed maturity securities, and $34 million on impairments on equity securities.  Between the fixed maturity and equity security impairments, $85 million relates to certain structured assets. Structured asset values have generally been hit hard by recent market turmoil. Because these assets have equity-like characteristics we took the conservative position and permanently impaired them. However, we continue to believe the fundamental outlook for these securities remains strong and that they will ultimately recover.  With market illiquidity reducing fair values, at year end we also conservatively valued our collateralized debt obligations which generated $49 million of losses. We believe the current fair value is significantly below the value we will ultimately recover on these assets, as well. Combined structured assets and CDOs made up approximately two-thirds of our losses in fourth quarter and, again, we believe we will see substantial recovery.  The remaining losses were in line with expectations given market conditions overall, including spread widening. We remain very positive about the quality and diversification of our portfolio and about our ability to effectively manage exposures. Before handing off to Larry Ill cover capital and provide more colour on our growth expectations. We had some internal capital movements during fourth quarter. Reflecting a change in our capital formula, health division returned about $100 million to corporate and specialty benefits returned about $60 million. This was partially offset by roughly $130 million of higher capital requirements in our other segments. In terms of the external view of our capital position, were basically at the level required by the rating agencies and have a modest amount of debt capacity.  In terms of uses of capital, organic growth and strategic acquisitions remain our top two priorities. We also continue to return capital to share holders through share repurchases.  As previously communicated, we completed the remaining (inaudible) of the boards May 2007 authorization in October. We also completed half of the boards $500 million November 2007 authorization. This was accomplished through an accelerated program under which we received 2.9 million shares in November 2007 and an additional 900,000 shares upon completion of the contract in January 2008. We also returned $236 million to shareholders in the fourth quarter through our annual common stock dividend. Moving to our growth expectations, some important items to keep in mind. Growth targets should be applied to normalized results. As we discussed throughout the year, weve had a number of items impacting 2007 operating earnings, which on a net basis totalled $39 million after tax. The breakdown is net benefits of $28 million for full-service accumulation, $19 million for Principal International, and $10 million for corporate and other. These benefits were partially offset by $15 million for the development of year-end 2006 claims in the health division and $3 million of charges for full-service payout.  Regarding our outlook for 2008, markets continue to perform below our equity market performance assumption of roughly 2% per quarter. As previously communicated, a 10% immediate decline in markets followed by a 2% per quarter increase generates a reduction in total company earnings of roughly 4% to 6%. As Barry communicated, after a meaningful drop in the fourth quarter the S&P declined another 6% in January.  Three other noteworthy impacts on our outlook: We expect very little improvement in credit market conditions in 2008 and, therefore, a delay before Principal Global Investors spread and securitization businesses again contribute to profitability. We now expect results from the spread and securitization business to range from break even to a modest loss for the year. This compares to the $14 million PGI earned from that business in 2007.  We now expect run rate earnings for the health division of approximately $35 million to $40 million for 2008, which compares to a $50 million run rate for 2007. This change reflects expected declines in the size of the black of business, as well as a $4 million after-tax impact on 2008 earnings from the divisions fourth quarter 2007 return of capital. We now expect $60 million to $70 million of losses in the corporate and other segment for 2008. This reflects lower yields and a lower level of invested assets, interest expense on $250 million of short term debt issued in the fourth quarter of 2007, and lower projected earnings from joint venture real estate. This compares to segment losses of just under $40 million in 2007. Larry?
Larry D. Zimpleman: Thanks, Mike. As indicated, I will now provide an overview of operations covering our ongoing focus on three areas: continuing growth in our asset accumulation businesses, leveraging our global asset management expertise, and profitably growing our insurance businesses.  Let me start with life and health. It was another strong year for specialty benefits. Premium and fees are up 12% for the year marking the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth in the business. This combined with a 230 basis point improvement in operating expenses as a percent of premium and fees lead to a record operating earnings of 6% over a strong 2006. In the individual life division we continue to build sales momentum across a broad spectrum of products including double-digit growth for our non-qualified offerings. For the year, total premium and deposits are up 17% for the division with particularly strong growth in first year and single premiums and deposits.  Our sales success reflects good performance and increasing momentum with independent distribution. It also reflects continued strong performance from our career channel with both Asian productivity and four-year retention running significantly ahead of LIMRA (sic) industry averages.  The strength of our career channel is not only benefiting the individual life division, but also the full-service accumulation, mutual funds, individual annuities, and individual disability businesses. While we were disappointed in the health divisions fourth quarter results, we know what the issues are and we are working diligently to fix them. In addition to pricing adjustments and tightening our underwriting guidelines, were taking a number of other actions. These include entering into more Principal-specific network contracts so we can gain greater control of our claims costs and moving toward more fixed fee arrangements in our existing network contracts. Weve also evaluated our claim payment practices and are making appropriate changes. And to improve the health of our members and drive down costs we offer our wellness product as an integral part of our health care offerings. As discussed throughout the year, diligent expense management remains a key focus. In 2007 we improved operating expenses as a percentage of premium and fees by 60 basis points for insured medical and 550 basis points for the fee-for-service business. Well continue to align expenses with expected membership levels going forward. All this said, a return to membership growth and a sustainable return on equity of 15% will be a multi-year process. We continue to experience a net decline in health division covered members in the fourth quarter and we do expect further declines in membership in 2008. The decline is the result of implementing the necessary pricing adjustments to bring the business to desired profitability. Ill close the health discussion with a reminder of the longer-term opportunities for the division. Opportunities created by increasing market interest in consumer-driven health care, health savings accounts, and wellness. We continue to believe we have the expertise to capitalize on these trends in both our insured medical and fee-for-service businesses.  Let me now comment on our US retirement businesses. Ill start with full-service accumulation where account value growth, sales, and net cash flow continue to reflect the business underlying strength.  At quarter end full-service accumulation account values were $103 billion, an increase of $11 billion or 12% from a year ago, which compares to a 3.5% increase in the S&P 500. That strong increase reflects good growth in deposits from existing retirement plan investors, strong plan and participant level retention, and outstanding sales.  In the fourth quarter full-service accumulation delivered $2.4 billion of sales, up 30% from a year ago. At $9.5 billion for 2007 we achieved our best sales year on record, improving $2.3 billion or 31% for the year and breaking through the $9 billion mark two years ahead of plan. Alliances continue to be an increasingly important element of our sales growth making up 40% of 2007 sales and improving 94% from a year ago to $3.8 billion for the year. Total retirement suite remains a key driver, as well, as 61% of 2007 sales based on assets. After delivering 31% growth in 2007, achieving sales growth of 10% to 12% in 2008 will clearly be challenging. That said, we remain optimistic we can do so, reflecting our strong and improving sales infrastructure, the momentum of our alliance strategy, and the competitiveness of our total retirement suite offering. Moving to net cash flows, after achieving $1.6 billion for the first half of 2007, full-service accumulation delivered $3.1 billion in the second half. At $4.7 billion for the year that translates into 5.1% of beginning of year account values.  One final point on full-service accumulation. We continue to make meaningful investments in this business and those investments are paying off. A couple of examples of some incremental gains: our investment in expanding our large-case capabilities has driven up our 1,000-and-above employee plan count by 14% from a year ago. Our investment in enhancing our asset retention capabilities generated our first billion-dollar year of additional asset capture, a 29% improvement, and our investment in retire secure is driving better planned economics with 13% higher participation rates and 9% higher salary deferrals. Moving to principal funds, post-merger earnings for the year were in line with our expectations given market conditions, as were account values. Mutual fund sales were up 130% for the year with our new third-party distribution contributing about 85% of that gain and our existing channels contributing about 15%.  While we did experience additional outflows in the fourth quarter, flows improved from the third quarter and our lapses as a percent of beginning of period account values remained in line with published industry rates. Importantly, were optimistic we can deliver solid ongoing improvement in mutual fund flows throughout 2008. We expect to have about 33% more wholesalers in place in average in 2008 than we did in 2007.  And going into 2008 we have 65% more funds approved for sales on advisors top tier platforms than we did going into 2007. We also have a great line-up of asset allocation funds which play very well in volatile environments where investors seek safety. In the fourth quarter Lipper Research recognized us as one of three fund firms whose target date funds showed the greatest consistency over the past three years. Moving to global asset management, Principal Global Investors continues to leverage and expand its expertise. Compared to a year ago, Principal Global Investors assets under management is up $45 billion or 23% to a record $236 billion. This includes a record $87 billion of third party assets, an increase of 48% from a year ago, 24% on an organic basis. At $4.5 billion for the quarter and nearly $16 billion for the year we remain extremely pleased with Principal Global Investors net cash flows. Investment performance remains strong as well with 53% of PGIs retirement plans separate accounts and the top two Morningstar quartiles for the one-year period, 76% for the three-year period, and 75% for the five-year period. That track record includes continued strong equity investment performance, which has driven equity assets under management up 30% from a year ago to nearly $70 billion. PGI continues to experience increasing success with institutional and sub-advisory clients both in the US and internationally. This reflects strong investment performance over a broad range of assets, innovative fund and mandate structures, and strong build-up of the global sales force. Net cash flows from these two sources were $11.5 billion in 2007 or 19% of beginning-of-year assets; strong growth from $8.3 billion of net flows in 2006 and $5 billion in 2005. In 2007 Principal International again made exceptional progress accelerating growth and profitability. Segment assets under management are up 50% from a year ago to a record $29 billion, up 38% excluding merger and acquisition. This growth includes net cash flows of $2.1 billion for the year, which translates into 11% of beginning-of-year assets.  With over a billion dollars of net cash flows over that period, Brazil has been the key contributor to organic growth in assets under management as well as earnings growth. But Id also point to solid net cash flows and earnings growth in each of our operations and to China in particular. Reported assets under management does not include assets under management in China, which have increased from approximately $1.6 billion a year ago to $3.7 billion at year-end 2007. While we did experience a significant decline in assets under management in China from third quarter, this was due to market declines and a tendency for investors to withdraw from older funds to invest in new offerings. A couple final points. Principal International continues to do a tremendous job transitioning to more fee-based businesses. Last quarter we began disclosing some additional breakdowns for our equity method or unconsolidated subsidiaries, including fee revenues. On a GAAP basis fee revenues are up $22 million year to date or 20%. However, including our equity methods subsidiaries fee revenues were up $159 million or 72% for the year. In light of our continued strong outlook for Principal International, were updating our return on equity goals for the segment. Were now targeting 11% return on equity by 2010, up from our previous target of 10%. This higher target is in line with our goal to increase segment return on equity by roughly 75 basis points per year on average on a normalized basis. In closing, we remain sharply focused on executing our growth strategy. As always, well continue working hard to extend our leadership in the industry to meet the needs of growing businesses and their employees and to deliver superior long-term results for our share holders.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Suneet Kamath of Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Thanks and good morning. A question on the health business. Barry, you said many times in the past that all of your businesses have to perform well to remain in the business portfolio and based on your comments now were looking at flat earnings in 2008 and, per your comment, the multi-year turnaround. So my question is, how much longer or how much runway are you going to give this business to turn around before you consider other options?
J. Barry Griswell: Good morning, Suneet. I appreciate the question. You know, I do stay, we stay committed to all of our businesses having to perform solidly and that continues to be true for health. It is a little more complicated when youre dealing with a business that has a significant amount of renewals on an annual basis. It takes a longer amount of time to know if your turn around is being effective. I just continue to believe that the best thing we can do for long-term shareholder value is to turn the business around. Were focused on that. I think weve said and I would say its on a short leash. We have to prove that it is going to turn around and we have some internal metrics that we look at to make sure thats true and well continue to do so. Were not just sitting here letting the business deteriorate. Were working very hard on turning it around and I think were going to see some signs of that in 2008. As I say, we have some metrics were looking at and well do the appropriate thing over time.
Suneet Kamath  Sanford C. Bernstein & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will be from Tamara Kravec of Banc of America.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions. First, in terms of your investment portfolio, at your investor day you talked about your sub-prime exposure and I think it was around $700 million or around 1% of your invested assets and youve currently realized losses on $49 million of it roughly in the fixed maturity security category. How comfortable are you feeling now given no real improvement in the credit environment this year that youre not going to have additional issues with your sub-prime exposure? And the second question is, I know you touched on this in your comments, but you talked about your hedging program and I wanted to delve more into that in terms of how its working across your segments and what you would expect to change this year given the environment. Thanks.
J. Barry Griswell: Thanks, Tamara. I think Ill ask Julia Lawler, our chief investment officer, to handle the first and maybe the second as well.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Yes. Good morning, Tamara. On the sub-prime portfolio youll recall from investor day  and were going to put out a, re-file the 8K and update all the numbers, but you can see on the supplement that our home equity loan for about $557 million. And that is the category, youll recall, we said is our higher quality older (inaudible). That remains high quality and it would take a tremendous amount of deterioration, even from our current (inaudible) and residential mortgages for those to be harmed. So we still feel very good about those. Then you recall that the rest of our sub-prime is up in that CDO category. That is where all of our impairments occurred is the sub-prime inside of those CDOs. And we took probably more impairment than I would have anticipated. A couple reasons for that. There were probably more sub-prime issues that occurred than we anticipated and the values of those declined even more than we anticipated. Im not sure we believe that were going to see full impairment down to those levels, but those are probably two things. So whats left over in those CDO categories is about  and youll see this in the 8K, but I think we can say this  about $56 million. And while its a small number, again, it would take a substantial amount of deterioration yet on the sub-prime market for those to be affected. So, I think for now we have reflected pretty conservative impairment numbers for our sub-prime portfolio.  So before I move on to the next question I want to make sure I answered that one for you.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Yes. Thank you.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: On the hedging program, you know, we worked really hard to make sure our asset liability management is tightly managed and we do that through derivatives. So despite the volatility in the market, I think that causes us to continue to be very, very disciplined in our hedging program. So the interest rate movement that you see is related to our duration management. And the only time you really see that market through net income is when we cant get hedge accounting treatment, which means that were either doing it short term for daily cash position or at a portfolio level. So I would see no change and, in fact, continued discipline in that hedging program.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then one other quick question and actually follow upon Suneets question, Barry. Is the life and health business  and I guess more the health business  is it at all in your mind a matter of scale or is it really just more the fine tuning of the size of the organization that you have?
J. Barry Griswell: Well, you know, certainly scale in that business is important. We dont think scale in that business is terribly important at a macro level. In other words, you dont have to be a certain size in total. But what you do need to have is scale within individual markets. And thats really been a key part of our strategy is to reduce the number of markets we operate in and to make sure that were in markets where we do have scale or where we think we can achieve scale.  There are a lot of things going on in the business that are not necessarily related to that. Theyre related more to some of the shifts to consumer-driven health care, health savings accounts. Theres quite a bit of movement in discounts and the way discount networks are working. And quite frankly, some behaviour changes on how people try to get around limits within discounts. So I would say its more around fine tuning and getting the business on track with the current way of running the business and not so much around scale. But we do watch scale and obviously scale is important. One other area thats important is in discount networks and we try to get around that in certain ways, as I mentioned or Larry mentioned. Were doing more direct contracting on discounts and were also, on the fee-for-service business, as you know, we have the Etna (sic) signator national discounts, so those are just a few things that were doing and hope responds to your question.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Okay. And you had said in your opening comments that this business is a benefit in terms of the credit markets. I guess, what specifically did you mean by that?
J. Barry Griswell: Well, I think what we would argue broadly is that being in the risk business is a good diversification of earnings and its a good point that unfortunately the health business has gotten a little sideways at a time when the equity markets are more volatile. But generally speaking you would think being in the risk business is a good thing during times of volatility. It just happens to be at this very moment that our health business is a bit off. But I would remind people that the run rate on that business is still double-digit ROE and even on a reporting basis its about 7%. So its not altogether bad to be in the risk businesses, we just need to focus on getting the health business turned around. As was mentioned, specialty benefits in the life division are performing very, very well. 
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from Jeff Schuman of KBW.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: Good morning. Question on the realized and unrealized capital losses. We have the GAAP number, I believe $212 million. What did that map to on a statutory basis?
J. Barry Griswell: You know, we dont have that number exactly yet. I know theres some question about that. We dont think its going to be significantly different, but we dont really have the refined number. When we do well find a way to get that out.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: And I guess what were seeing with some companies is that there is a spread between the GAAP write off and the stat write off and, Mike, to the extent there are stat and GAAP differences at this point would we still look to the stats joint capital position as being kind of the governing determinant of your capital adequacy?
Michael H. Gersie: Thats correct. Yes. And its very sad. I think theres some differences of approach in terms of will it have the same impact on stat capital versus GAAP capital. Our expectation is its probably close to the same, but obviously, Ill say from a capital adequacy standpoint were exploring avenues as to making them different.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: Okay. And then lastly I want to make sure I understood you right. When you talked about your capital position you talked about modest debt capacity, I believe was your phrase. I thought I understood you to say that the capital was sort of right sized relative to the rating agencies at this point. Is that sort of the correct understanding?
Michael H. Gersie: Thats correct.
J. Barry Griswell: Thats correct.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: And so if you think in terms of free cash flow generation or excess capital generation in 08, kind of look at the whole picture including the credit environment, what would be sort of excess capital generation, do you think, in 08?
J. Barry Griswell: Thats a good question. Were actually just, obviously we put together capital plans and actually update those capital plans periodically. Were just going through the process of updating our plan right now. I would have to say, compared to prior years our capital plan is probably a little more subdued for 2008 than it was, lets say, in 2007. 
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Barry Griswell: Thanks. And I might have to remind everybody too, we need to kind of move along. We have quite a few people in the cue on this call. So maybe if you could limit your questions to just one or two that would be appreciated.
Operator: Your next question will be from Andrew Kligerman of UBS.
J. Barry Griswell: Andrew? I hope I didnt scare him away.
Operator: Andrew, please check to see if you have your phone on mute. Your next question will be from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse : Good morning. The only questions I had were, I just want to understand whats driving the big change in impairment methodology here. Are you seeing a much more conservative assessment for bid-versus-ask spread? And then also, how does that change involved to your outlook for investment losses through the balance of 08? Thanks.
J. Barry Griswell: Tom, I would say that the values have not changed. We think weve had the values right. A lot of these assets were sitting in other comprehensive income categories and I think just being prudent you at some point say, well, over what type, if they are going to recover over what time would it be? And you have to make a judgement. And our judgement is lets be transparent, lets be conservative, and lets mark them to, and yeah, its a tough thing to do because theres not a lot of good ask out there. So you end up taking a hit and thats why were pretty confident a lot of these assets will come back over time. But really the only change is that time to look over what period of time they might recover and just making the decision to go ahead and permanently impair them. We think thats the right, conservative, prudent thing to do.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: And then in terms of just expectations for 08 in terms of investment.
J. Barry Griswell: Maybe Julia can answer that. Obviously were in a difficult environment to predict. Julia, do you want to?
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Well, actually I think if you look at what we did at the end of 07 in these numbers and the approach we took to be more conservative for the end of 07, I actually feel barring any major recession I feel very good about the outlook for 08. Because we were so conservative in our position at the end of 07. So Im actually feeling a little bit optimistic about our outlook for 08.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: And Julia, that also captures any substantial changes weve had in spreads just for the full month of the year.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Yes, although I would tell you that interestingly enough on some of the structured assets that we permanently impaired at the end of the year were actually seeing improvement in the market values on those assets already this year. So now, we have seen some spreads widening yet this year and I think we are going to see some volatility. Im not going to say were not going to see volatility in the markets, but I am optimistic about where our impairments might be in 08.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods: Okay. Thanks.
J. Barry Griswell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from Ed Spehar of Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. Two quick questions. Number one, Mike, I think you said that there was an increase in capital of $130 million at the other operating segments and I was wondering if you could talk about what the driver is. I mean, if its in the fee businesses, sort of help us understand why.  And then the second question was that the higher loss in the corporate line when it seems like there should be more capital there, could you go over that one more time why youre looking for that? Thanks.
Michael H. Gersie: Sure, Ed. The place where we sopped up the capital it was returned to corporate. A little bit of it was in the corporate sector and I actually think maybe the majority of it was in the corporate segment. And I think there was a little bit of additional capital that was allocated over the retirement and investor services business unit. And so youd say, well, in terms of, shouldnt that, because you have more capital now in corporate, shouldnt you then be generating a little more investment earnings on that capital? Actually, no, compared to the beginning of the year. So one of the things youre seeing is you look at very low losses in the corporate segment at the beginning of the year. We had a lot of access capital in corporate and, remember, we bought in $750 million worth of shares in 2007. Didnt issue any debt, so we sopped up a lot of that excess capital in 2007.  As we got to the end of the year fewer invested assets in corporate and so that related to much lower investment earnings. On top of that we talked about higher JV gains, income during the first half of the year, more subdued in the second half, so that gets you to why is the big number in the fourth quarter. Well, its a number that we kind of expected. Look at it on a go-forward basis, again maybe just a shade of tick-up in capital because of some of the returns from the life and health business, but for the most part get lower level of capital expecting lower joint venture earnings. Last year was a very big year for joint venture earnings.
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: So that $130 million of higher capital at other operating segments, youre saying that included an increase in corporate, but thats versus the end of 07, right? Or the second half? What was that versus?
J. Barry Griswell: That was, the capital was returned basically at the end of the year. So that would fall into corporate at the, retransferred in the corporate at the end of the year. So its like, think of it, Ed, as taking money out of one pocket and putting it in another. 
Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will be from Colin Devine of Citi.
Colin Devine  Citigroup: I just have a couple quick questions. First on the investment portfolio. I appreciate the conservatism of the approach. Could you just give us a few comments on how the commercial mortgage business is looking? Second on the health business, is it fair to say, Barry, that this is really the first chance that youve had to re-price this business since you felt it went off the rails in fourth quarter of 06, just given the annual re-pricing cycle? And then for Larry, in terms of 401K business, and I think sometimes what gets lost is your (inaudible) generating cash flows. In terms of assets this year, if you didnt make another sale how much do you think youd bring in in new money? Is the number $11 billion or $12 billion or is it higher? Thanks.
J. Barry Griswell: Well start with Julia on the investment commercial mortgage outlook.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Good morning, Colin. Thanks for asking about the commercial mortgage portfolio. That portfolio continues to perform incredibly well. Again, the loan to values on our portfolio are very low. Were sitting at about 59% loan to value on that portfolio, very high coverages. Weve seen very, very little stress in that portfolio. And Im not just talking about things that we are immediate issues. We can survey that portfolio pretty closely. Thats the beauty of having secured assets and if we can look to see what sort of leasing we have on our properties, the values, were constantly surveying that portfolio. So I feel very good about our commercial mortgage portfolio.
J. Barry Griswell: On the second point, indeed we do have most of our renewal in probably January and I think June and July, so yeah, we are just now getting into the build of the price increases starting to take, or some of them starting to take effect. It will take a full 18 months for all to take effect, I suppose, so yeah. But I would also point out that perhaps a bigger issue right now is getting our network discount in place and doing more Principal specific. We are working very, very hard on that, putting some resources on it and were hopeful that will bite in and start to pay off more quickly, perhaps, than just pure price increases. Larry, I think you got a specific question on 
Larry D. Zimpleman: On deposits? Yeah, Colin, good morning. I think in our financial supplement we do have a breakdown for you in there between transfer deposits, which would be deposits received on new sales versus recurring deposits. Generally speaking, the recurring deposits on existing clients is somewhere between 65% and 70% of the total deposits. So I think a reasonable expectation would be wed probably be around $14 billion or so for 2008. 
Colin Devine  Citigroup: Thats the number I was looking for. Actually a little bit better. Thank you very much.
J. Barry Griswell: And actually, we expect to make some sales in 2008. ---Laughter
Colin Devine  Citigroup: I kind of figured that, but thanks.
J. Barry Griswell: Thanks, Colin.
Operator: Your next question will be from Eric Berg of Lehman Brothers.
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers:  Thanks very much. Good morning, Barry, and to the rest of your team. I have a couple of questions. I want to push a little bit more on the health issue and I have a question regarding investments for Julia. Im just trying to understand better than I do the basis for your hope or optimism that you can turn this thing around. The reason I ask the question is that, in the face of price increases and in the face of efforts to focus the business youve been steadily losing customers. So all year you lost customers. And your ability to attract new target customers was also down dramatically. So my question is, if you have been working on this business for two years, and we know you have been working on it for a while because this concept of target customers goes back at least 2005, if youve been working on your strategy for two years and all that we can see in the financials  maybe theres some other things going on good behind the scenes that we cannot see  but if all we see in the financials is a steadily shrinking business in the face of your efforts, what is the basis for your optimism that this can be fixed?
J. Barry Griswell: Thats your only question, Eric?
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers: No, I have a question for Julia.
J. Barry Griswell: Well, I appreciate the 
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers: Pardon me, Barry. Im not trying to beat up on you. Im just trying to reconcile the numbers which are clearly upsetting to your optimism. I genuinely want to know.
J. Barry Griswell: Yeah, I appreciate that. I really do. I guess I will let John answer if I dont get it all the way right. But I guess I would go back to two or three years ago when we embarked, maybe a little longer, on this strategy. We were making good progress. There were quarters and months when our target states were growing and, in fact, we hit a bump in the road. So our strategy has been derailed slightly because of some things that went on that weve explained around fine behaviour changes, claims behaviour changes, some changes in the discount networks. We think weve identified those things. Weve been through lots of insurance turnarounds and there is a pattern here. You have to raise prices, you have to shrink the business slightly, but you do it with the right kind of thoughtfulness where you dont run off good customers and you do it in ways that allow you ultimately to return to a growth mode. And thats exactly what were doing. And yes, there are some things in the background around the discount networks. Theres a growth in the fee business thats coming along very, very nicely. Theres growth in the wellness business. One of the things Ive said and I think will turn out to be true is Id like to grow the fee for service business, the national account business, to be a much, much bigger part of our business. Wed even be willing to invest some capital in that business. And its not a business that takes a lot of risk. Its an administrative business and a business that we know very well. And we think the outlook for the wellness business is extraordinarily strong. So were not sitting here wishfully hoping and praying that this business will turn around. We have very specific plans in place and we have benchmarks and we have metrics that were looking at. And I would ask John if Ive missed anything because Ive not apparently gotten the message across a few times.
John E. Aschenbrenner: No, I think youve done a good job. I would just re-emphasize some things that Barry said. One is, the business and the environment is changing and it was a very different picture the end of 06 and the beginning of 07 than what we were experiencing before then. So I would say this is a new environment, new challenges that hit us in early 07. I would argue a little bit, we havent been addressing these same things as maybe as long as you would say we have. The other thing that I think is important is we are losing more of the business we want to lose as opposed to the business that we dont want to lose. So that as we raise rates the people that are leaving tend to be the people that have the high loss ratios and the people that were losing money on. So we think that in addition to all the things Barry mentioned that were doing to improve the business, we think that as we lose the right people thats going to help us going forward.
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers: Okay. That was helpful additional information. My question for Julia or Mike relates to your comments about possible recovery in asset values. My question is, if the majority of what you did from a realized and unrealized gains, pardon me, loss perspective in the quarter, if the majority of it was on a realized basis how can, there cant be any recovery. Youve written off these bonds, right? Or written down the value of these bonds or written them off entirely. So I dont quite understand whether there would be any, how there could be any positive financial statement, book value impact to a recovery of assets since you have written these off. How would that happen?
Michael H. Gersie: Good question, Eric. Julia?
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Eric, let me describe a little bit about GAAP accounting thats kind of an interesting phenomena for us. When we permanently impair an asset it doesnt mean that weve sold the asset necessarily. So for some of these structured assets that weve permanently impaired, when they perform we will continue to write those up through earnings because were going to get our interest on those deals and if we continue to hold them as we expect to well actually write them up through earnings. It will be as if we bought those bonds at $0.50 on the dollar.
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers: Okay. I didnt know that. I had thought that permanent means permanent and thats it. But you say you can write them even though youve permanently impaired them under US GAAP.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Correct. If they continue to perform they can be written up. If they dont perform, I mean, obviously then youve written them off and theyve been written off. But if they perform as we expect them to, ultimately over time we can write those up through earnings.
Michael H. Gersie: The key point there is through earnings. That means that the extra earnings that we had not, its over and above what we had written it down to come back through earnings. You can also get there by changing, I think, classification of the asset and that may or may not be an option under 2008 GAAP accounting. But on the accounting as it stands now they could come back through operating earnings. 
Eric Berg  Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be form Dan Johnson of Citadel Investments.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: I want to ask questions about this unrealized losses. Just to be clear, what were calling unrealized is just the, other than temporary impairments, were just talking about unrealized as it went through the income statement. Can you help me get my hands around the unrealized losses that actually went through the balance sheet only? Im just having a hard time sort of reconciling AOCI and other things like that that arent sort of as nicely laid out as you did for us here on page 48 in the supplement.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Well, let me make sure I understand your question, Dan. What weve separated out on the realized and unrealized, I think we tried to show you both in Mikes discussion and in the release is that which is truly realized or permanently impaired. So the two things that cause something to be realized is you sold it, you unwound it if it was a derivative, or you permanently impaired it. Those are realized. Unrealized going through that section would be marks on derivatives. So we didnt realize them, were just marking them to mark it. So remember, derivatives, no matter what kind of derivatives, not getting hedge accounting treatment is going through this same section on page 48 and thats whats called unrealized.  So now thats the two realized and unrealized going through our net income. Whats going through our balance sheet in OCI is everything else. The mark on all of our bonds would be going through OCI thats not being permanently impaired.
Michael H. Gersie: Which would include interest rates.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Exactly. So what weve got going on is the positive effective interest rates. Im just trying to figure out, especially since we took losses, theres stuff that would have been NAOCI last quarter that wouldnt this quarter. So if you just tried to sort of narrow down the bond, or what is it called? The invested asset impact to AOCI in the fourth quarter, thats actually where I was going. Thanks.
Michael H. Gersie: Thank you.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: I dont have the unrealized number in front of me for OCI. I apologize. It will be out in our 8K this month and I didnt bring that number with me. But is that what youre asking for is whats going to run through OCI?
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Yeah, for the most part. Just in some ways it just helps me understand how youre marking assets in the quarter, even though youve determined that theyre not worthy of other than temporary impairment. 
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Well, all of our assets, all of our bonds, are being marked at their market value. So either were getting trading values or were getting bid values. So all of our bonds are getting marked to market. And the only thing thats running to realized would be the impaired assets. So as of December 2007 we showed a growth unrealized loss of about $1.2 billion on that portfolio. So what were saying is, and you can see it broken down by sector, you can see that weve reduced the value on some of those bonds by that amount. So we are truly marking to market our bond portfolio. Is that 
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: (Inaudible) is a cumulative number, correct? Not an impact in the fourth quarter?
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Correct. Thats the total cumulative number.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Okay. Tell you what, Ill circle back in, Tom. I wanted to get in one other one on the CMBS portfolio. Can you give us some colour again? This is not the mortgages that you have underwritten, but can you tell us a little bit more about that portfolio in terms of vintage and rating, please?
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: I dont have all the vintages. I can tell you that these are, in fact, we put this out in our 8K as well, but the quality of that portfolio  and youre talking about just what were holding in our investment portfolio CMBS?
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Yes, please.
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: The quality of that portfolio is very high. And again, as I said, well put it out in the 8K, but over 50% of that portfolio  in fact, about 55% of that portfolio  is rated AA or better. And all but 2% of that portfolio is investment grade.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Do you have a sense as to how much is sitting at A or BBB? 
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: BBB we have, and again, we conservatively, Im giving you our internal ratings here, which is more conservative than the external ratings, so keep that in mind. BBB is about 25%. Thats all BBB.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: And just by nature of vintage roughly, this is from more recent years? From four or five years ago?
Julia M. Lawler-Johnson: Oh, we would have, I mean, weve been buying CMBS for many, many years. Again, this is a skill set that we have had in house for a very long time. So we would have vintages across the board. But I dont have exactly how much would be 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investments: Thats fine. Thank you very much.
J. Barry Griswell: Thank you. I think we have time for one more, if we have somebody on the line.
Operator: Your last question will be from Tom Kilmokie (sp) of Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kilmokie  Goldman Sachs: Yeah, good morning. Thank you. Two quick ones. Ill try to be quick. One, in the group business, Barry, you mentioned rising prices and declining enrolment. To me that smells a little bit of potential for adverse selection in that your good people leave you and youre stuck with your good folks who cant get insurance elsewhere. What are you doing to prevent that from happening? And then just real curious, and Im sorry if I missed this, you had provided guidance back in the fourth quarter for 08 which incorporated a decline in the equity markets that you had seen in the third and fourth quarter. I just wanted to clarify why you havent really changed your guidance or given whats occurred just in the month of January do you think that the markets basically going to revert back to where you saw it originally back in the fourth quarter?
J. Barry Griswell: Sure, Tom. Let me answer the last one and then Ill ask John to maybe give a little more colour on how were avoiding adverse selection in the medical business. You know, some time ago we went to a methodology where we give annual guidance and that guidance is good at the time that we give it. And I think Tom even read into his statement that we dont update it and we dont make any assertions that its accurate or not accurate. And we really havent deviated from that. So we are not in the business of trying to go back and reconcile to guidance at this point. I would strongly suggest that weve tried to give everybody as much information as we can. Weve got a full year behind us of earnings and everybody knows what those earnings were and weve tried to give you as much colour as we can around the balance of 2008 and the key areas that we think are different. And we think from there that you ought to be able to plug into your models good estimates as to what earnings will be. But we really dont want to go back to giving guidance. John, do you want to?
John E. Aschenbrenner: Sure. Tom, one of the things that helped is the cases that have the poor experience youre going out with a larger rate increase for. So those are the ones with the larger rate increase that are more apt to shop it and more apt to move. Were monitoring that very closely and in great detail, but at least one high level measure is that 40% of our total business has loss ratios in excess of the target and 55% of our lapses have lost ratio in excess of the target. So were actually lapsing more of the poor business than the percentages of what we have on the book. So were comfortable that were not getting that anti-selection spiral that youre talking about.
Tom Kilmokie  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
J. Barry Griswell: Thanks, Tom. Let me make a few brief closing comments. This has obviously been a more difficult call and quarter than were used to experiencing. Thats obviously reflective of the environment were operating in. Nonetheless, I think 2007 was really a very strong year for us and tried to make that point in my opening comments. We are very focused on continuing to show improvement in all of our operations, including especially the health business. But we think were in the right businesses. We think we have the right trends going for us in terms of the accumulation businesses, the asset management businesses, the international businesses. Our growth engines are doing extraordinarily well. We remain very confident about the long-term future of the operations.  I would say that this is the same management team that took you through the IPO and has managed successfully over the last six years and we have done so in some very challenging environments. And I would just reiterate our commitment to getting through this challenging environment and doing so in a way that continues to create long-term shareholder values.  Thank you all for being on the call. We appreciate it greatly. We hope you have a great year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time until end of day February 12th, 2008. Two-eight-four-eight-three-nine-nine-two is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for US and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Thomas J. Graf - Sr. VP, IR J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and CEO Michael H. Gersie - EVP and CFO Larry D. Zimpleman - President and COO James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management John E. Aschenbrenner - President - Insurance and Financial Services 
Analysts:  Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc. Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse First Boston Colin Devine - Citigroup Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities Joan H. Zief - Goldman, Sachs & Co.   
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Third Quarter 2007 Conference Call. There will be a question-and-answer period after the speakers' have completed their remarks. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn the conference over to Tom Graf, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Principal Financial Group's Quarterly Conference Call. A brief announcement before moving on, yesterday invitations were distributed by e-mail to our inaugural Investor Day, which will take place on December 6, 2007 at the St. Regis Hotel in New York City. If you would like to attend, but did not receive an invitation, please contact me.  Our Investor Day will also be assessable through webcast and teleconference. Details will be publicly announced about a week in advance of the event. Moving back to our third quarter call, as always if you don't already have a copy, our earnings release and financial supplement can be found on our website at www.principal.com/investor. Following a reading of the Safe Harbor provision, Chief Executive Officer Barry Griswell, Chief Operating Officer Larry Zimpleman, and Chief Financial Officer Mike Gersie will deliver some prepared remarks. Then we'll open up for questions.  Others available for the Q&A are Division Presidents, John Aschenbrenner responsible for the Life and Health Insurance Segment; and Jim McCaughan, responsible for Global Asset Management; and Julia Lawler, Chief Investment Officer.  Some of the comments made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The company does not revise or update them to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied are discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Barry? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Tom, and welcome to everyone on the call. This morning I'll comment briefly on our performance for the quarter and through nine months. Mike Gersie will then provide a detailed review of our financial results. Larry Zimpleman will follow Mike with an operational overview. With all time highs for total company operating earnings, earnings per share and assets under management results for the third quarter 2007 were outstanding as our core asset management and accumulation businesses continue to demonstrate strong momentum and significant underlying growth.  Total company highlights include a record $306 billion of assets under management, an increase of 42% from a year ago. Record operating earnings and record earnings per diluted share in the quarter were 23% growth in earnings driving 24% growth in EPS. And 120 basis points improvement and return on equity from a year ago. Clearly, there were a number of items benefiting third quarter results and impacting comparability, which Mike will discuss. Even excluding those items, total company earnings improved 15% from a year ago. A very strong result in light of market volatility, which included a 1% drop in S&P 500 daily weighted average during the quarter.  The U.S. and international asset management and accumulation segments continue to achieve significant growth in assets under management, propelling total company AUM up $91 billion over the trailing 12 months. This increase includes $19 billion of net cash flow as well as approximately $44 billion from strategic acquisitions. AUM growth in turn is driving significant earnings growth, combined earnings for these segments excluding items impacting compatibility are up more than 20% year-to-date.  The life and health segment continues to show meaningful progress in a number of key areas. 19% earnings growth from Specialty Benefits Division compared to a year ago, 7% underlying earnings growth in the Individual Life Division excluding again items impacting comparability, and solid earnings improvement over the first two quarters for the health division. Specialty Benefits and Individual Life also delivered strong growth in premiums, deposits and fees.  We surpassed a number of key milestones in the third quarter, $100 billion of accounts values for Full Service Accumulation doubling in just 4 years, $150 billion of account values for our four U.S. accumulation businesses, and again, $300 billion of total assets under management. These milestones reflect continued strong demand for our product and service solutions. The power of our multi channel distribution network and momentum of our alliance strategy and strength of our proprietary investment performance.  Total Retirement Suite and strong alliance sales drove us to our first $3 billion sales quarter for full service accumulation, increased penetration across multiple independent channels and the successful launch of new fixed deferred annuity products late in the second quarter drove us to our first $1 billion sales quarter for individual annuities business. And continued strong investment performance resulted in a number of important new institutional mandates, driving Principal Global Investors, net cash flows to a record $4.8 billion in the quarter.  In closing my remarks, let me emphasize our commitment to having a portfolio of businesses that creates long-term value for our shareholders. Our risk businesses add to the strength of our small-to-medium business franchise, provide earnings diversification and contribute to the organizations long-term profitable growth. Our U.S. and international asset management and accumulation segments continue to build market leadership, exhibit tremendous momentum and achieve extraordinary growth. Additionally, as a result of our ongoing strategic investments in our higher multiple businesses, these two segments account for 81% of total company earnings through nine months. This compares to 74% for the full year 2006. Mike? 
Michael H. Gersie - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks, Barry. This morning I'll spend a few minutes providing financial detail for each of our operating segments including additional highlights for the three and nine month periods. I'll start with U.S. asset management and accumulation. Segment assets under management are up $81 billion or 45% from a year ago. Segment earnings increased 35% from a year ago to $212 million in the third quarter. We continue to see strong performance from our U.S. accumulation businesses, which were up 44% in total on a reported basis, up 17% after adjusting for items impacting comparability. At a record $111 million Full Service Accumulation earnings improved 51% on a reported basis, approximately 13% after adjusting for items.  As communicated in our release, we had a net after-tax earnings benefit of $28 million in third quarter 2007, $30 million benefit from unlocking deferred revenue and expense assumptions partially offset by $2 million tax refinement charge. During the third quarter, we completed an in-depth assumption study updating our best estimate of gross profits and other related assumptions. As a result of the assumption refinements, the company recognized approximately $100 million of previously deferred revenues and approximately $120 million of previously deferred policy acquisition costs. The company also wrote up the deferred policy acquisition cost asset by approximately $65 million, primarily due to the extension of the amortization period, reflecting better retention, the net impact $30 million of higher earnings after-tax from unlocking.  Moving to Principal Funds at a record $13 million, earnings nearly doubled from a year ago as our mutual funds business continues to achieve solid organic growth and good post merger performance. At $16 million individual annuities earnings were down 9% from a year ago, and 21% increase in mean account values. During the third quarter, we had deferred policy acquisition cost unlocking that reduced earnings by about $3 million after-tax, as well as some higher expenses to support recent growth. Over the long-term, we continue to expect individual annuities earnings to grow inline with account value growth. At $25 million, Principal Global Investors operating earnings improved 6% from a year ago in spite of commercial mortgage-backed securitization spread widening and increased spread hedging cost.  We view this as an outstanding result with a shift to the joint venture with U.S. bank minimizing the negative impact of adverse credit conditions. I'd also point out that Principal Global Investors earnings are up 15% year-to-date reflecting continued strong fee revenue growth, which is up 32% through nine months. Investment Only and Full Service Payout earnings were both up more than 20% compared to the year ago quarter. Investment Only earnings benefited from higher asset yields, an 8% increase in account values nearly $2 million after tax from higher prepayment fee income. Full Service Payout earnings benefited from 4% increase in account values, $1 million from higher assets yields and nearly $1 million after-tax from higher prepayment fee income.  Moving to international asset management and accumulation, third quarter earnings were a record $39 million, up 69% from a year ago. The increase in earnings reflects growth and assets under management from each of our international operations including particularly strong growth in Brazil and China. Third quarter 2007 earnings also reflect $9 million unlocking benefit due to regulatory fee change in Mexico, as well as $5million experience benefit reflecting the impact of unusually high inflation on asset yields in Chile. As you may recall, third quarter 2006 included a net benefit of $5 million for tax refinements in Mexico. Excluding items from both periods, earnings were up 38% from a year ago.  Moving to the life and health segment at $73 million, third quarter earnings were down $9 million from a year ago. On a comparable basis earnings improved $5 million or 7%. This excludes previously communicated items, which benefited third quarter 2006 earnings by $12 million and the impact of individual lives fourth quarter 2006 return of capital to corporate. Specialty Benefits delivered record earnings of $27 million during the third quarter, a 19% improvement from a year ago growing premiums by 12% while holding down growth and operating expenses to less than 4%. Individual Life earnings were $27 million in the third quarter compared to $31 million a year ago. As you may recall, the prior year quarter included $4.5 million earnings benefit from deferred policy acquisition cost unlocking as well as about $1.5 million of investment earnings due to a higher capital base.  Excluding those items, division earnings increased $2 million or 7% from a year ago. Reflecting higher loss ratios and additional member declines, health division earnings were $19 million down from $28 million in the year ago quarter, which included $4.4 million after-tax reserve refinement benefit. Year-to-date, division earnings are $44 million. As previously communicated, we continue to expect negligible earnings for the health division in the fourth quarter, due to seasonality of claims on high deductible health plans. Reflecting the $15 million impact in the first quarter from unfavorable reserve developments and 2006 claims, this translates into an earnings run-rate of approximately $60 million for 2007 and a run-rate return on equity of about 12%.  Let me now comment briefly on the $59 million of realized and unrealized capital losses that we've recognized during the third quarter. These were primarily unrealized losses from net hedging activities and mark-to-market on credit default swaps, which reviewed as very reasonable given credit conditions.  Let me wrap up remarks with a couple of final comments. At quarter end, we continue to be in a very strong capital position of about $500 million of excess capital between the holding company and life company and about $400 million of debt capacity. Organic growth and strategic acquisitions remain our top two priorities for use of capital. We also continue to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases.  In the third quarter we bought back 3.8 million shares for $212 million, bringing repurchases to nine months to $430 million. We completed the remaining $70 of the Boards May 2007 authorization during October buying back an additional 1.1 million shares. As you may have seen, yesterday we announced that that our Board of Directors declared an annual dividend to common shareholders of $0.90 per share. This represents 12.5% increase over a year ago, our fifth consecutive year of double digit increases and a 260% increase from our first dividend as a public company.  As always, we will continue to focus on effective use of capital to build value for our shareholders. Larry? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thanks Mike. As indicated, I will provide a brief operational overview covering our ongoing focus on three areas; continuing growth in our asset accumulation businesses, leveraging our global asset management expertise and profitably growing our life and health insurance businesses.  Let me start with life and health. We continue to view the underlying operations of the Specialty Benefits and Individual Life divisions as solid and improving. Specialty Benefits premium and fees are up 12% year-to-date and operating expenses as a percent of premium and fees have improved more than 200 basis points through nine months. In the Individual Life division, claims have returned to normal levels year-to-date and we continue to build sales momentum across our broad spectrum of our retail products, reflecting continued good performance from our career channel and strong momentum with independent distribution.  Through nine months, total premium and deposits are up 14% for the division with strong growth in first year and single premiums and deposits. In the health division, our top priority remains stabilizing earnings. One key to this is controlling claims cost and we are making meaningful progress with a number of key initiatives including network contract management, claims processing and integrating of wellness and disease management. In August, we announced a new exclusive business relationship with a local PPO network in Oklahoma making competitive discounts available to our fully insured and self-funded customers in that state.  We continue to work hard to negotiate this type of arrangement across our selected markets to improve the competitiveness of our offerings. Another key is diligent expense management. Even with the decline in covered members, we were able to improve operating expenses as a percent of premium and fees. At 40 basis points from the year ago quarter for insured medical and 800 basis points for the fee-for-service business. As expected, we are continuing to experience a decline in health division covered members.  We are seeing some early retention benefits in the fee-for-service from our network arrangement with Aetna Signature Administrators. Our membership growth particularly in the insured medical business will be a slower turnaround. In closing the health discussion, we remain confident the actions we are undertaking will help stabilize earnings and enable the division to achieve sustainable 15% returns over time. There are a number of meaningful longer term opportunities for the division. Opportunities created by increasing market interest in consumer driven healthcare, health saving accounts and preventative care programs. We continue to believe we have the expertise to capitalize on these trends in both our insured medical and fee-for-service businesses.  Let me now comment on our U.S. retirement businesses. I will start with Full Service Accumulation where our key measures continue to reflect the business's underlying strength. At quarter end, Full Service Accumulation account values reached a record $103 billion, an increase of $18 billion or 21% from a year ago, which compares to 14% increase in the S&P 500. That strong increase reflects good growth in deposits from existing retirement plan investors, strong plan and participant level retention and outstanding sales.  After achieving $1.6 billion of net cash flows for the first half of the year, also accumulation delivered a record $2.1 billion in the third quarter. Results to date highlight the ongoing unevenness of this measure and why we focus our net cash flows over multiple quarters as opposed to a single quarter. Net cash flows of $3.7 billion through nine months translate into 4% of beginning of year account values, which puts us on track to achieve our 5% net cash flow target for the full year.  We continue to believe that in any given year, Full Service Accumulation net cash flows could come in as high as 6% and as low as 4% of beginning of the year account values. Again, this reflects the natural unevenness caused by sales and termination effective dates and associated timing of asset transfers as well as the impact of market performance fluctuations. Increasingly, we are focused on account value and operating earnings growth of our three largest accumulation businesses on a combined basis. This view captures our success retaining a large and growing pool of at-risk member level assets, as well as our success tapping into the broader market of individual investors.  On a combined basis, earnings for Full Service Accumulation, Principal Funds and individual annuities are up 30% year-to-date. Account values up 44% from a year ago and sales up 60% through nine months to more than $16 billion. While the WM Advisor acquisition and items benefiting third quarter 2007 earnings are impacting comparability, directionally it's clear. We build, brought and integrated a portfolio of offerings to meet investor needs across the accumulation to payout continuum. These investments are paying off for significant growth.  A couple of additional comments on Full Service Accumulation. At $3.4 billion, we achieved our best sales quarter on record, improving more than $2 billion or 148% from the prior year quarter. At $7.1 billion, nine month sales nearly match our full year 2006 results. Alliances are an increasingly important element of our sales growth making up 40% of sales year-to-date, and improving 84% to $2.8 billion through nine months. Total Retirement Suite remains a key driver as well, at 60% of sales year-to-date based on assets. Employer securities within Total Retirement Suite account for about $1 billion of sales in the third quarter and approximately $1.8 billion year-to-date. While employer securities generate a lower return on assets than historical returns for the block, there are a couple of key points to remember.  These ESOP assets are accompanied by defined benefit, defined contribution and/or non-qualified assets. Plans were often winning because of the integrated ESOP capability. ESOP account values contribute to further return on equity expansion and ESOP present a longer term retail retention opportunity as participants cash out of the plan.  Moving to Principal Funds, post merger earnings are ahead of plan for our mutual funds business as our account values, which are up 10% from year end 2006 to a record $40.8 billion. Mutual funds sales are up nearly 140% for the quarter and year-to-date with our new third party distribution contributing about 85% of that gain over both comparison periods, and our existing channels contributing about 15%. In terms of Principal Funds' cash flows similar to second quarter 2007, we experienced some outflows from the WM Advisor block. As previously communicated, these outflows were expected related to a decision prior to our acquisitions to change Advisor compensation related to the strategic asset management or SAM Portfolios, an issue unrelated to the WM Advisor block more one-time in nature contributed to negative third quarter flows.  With the District of Columbia court of appeals elimination of fee-based brokerage accounts for broker dealers, our career agents were heavily focused in the third quarter on retaining $1.6 billion block of business to other Principal Funds offerings. They did an excellent job but we lost about $200 million of the account values in the process. As a related impact, the heavy focus on retention reduced the time our agents could spend on new sales dampening deposits as well.  Even with these redemptions, our lapses as a percent of beginning a period account values were inline with published industry rates. Importantly, we continue to make progress positioning the mutual funds business for future growth, recently filling a number of open wholesaler slots, launching new offering like our global real estate investment trust creating new materials to support our marketing efforts and completing our transfer agent conversion. We expect mutual fund net cash flows to improve next quarter as we build additional sales momentum and expect 2008 flows to improve from levels achieved prior to the acquisition.  Moving to Global Asset Management, Principal Global Investors continues to leverage and expand its expertise. Compared to a year ago, Principal Global Investors AUM is up $73 billion or 46% to a record $233 billion. This includes a record $83 billion of third party assets, an increase of 70% from a year ago and an increase of 31% on an organic basis. At a record $4.8 billion in the third quarter and nearly $15 billion over the trailing 12 months, we remain extremely pleased with Principal Global Investors' net cash flows.  Reflecting increasing strength in our sales pipeline, third quarter included $2.8 billion of institutional flows and in October, we funded an additional $2.5 billion of institutional mandates. Investment performance remained strong as well with 51% of PGI's retirement plans separate accounts in the top two Morningstar quartiles for the one-year period, 85% for the three-year period and 84% for the five-year period. That track record includes continued strong equity investment performance, which has driven equity assets under management up 90% from a year ago to more than $70 billion. The increase in third party assets under management also includes about $14 billion from our acquisition of a majority interest in Morley Financial Services, a leading stable value asset manager which close during the third quarter.  The acquisition enhances an investment option we believe baby bloomers will increasingly demand as they move toward retirement and seek to preserve capital and generate income. In terms of accelerating international growth and profitability, Principal International continues to make excellent progress as well. Segment assets under management are up 51% from a year ago to a record $27 billion, up 39% excluding M&A. This growth includes net cash flows of $2.7 billion over the trailing 12 months, which translates into 15% of beginning of period assets. With just over $1 billion of net cash flows over that period, Brazil has been the key contributor to organic growth in assets under management as well as to earnings growth.  But I would also point to solid net cash flows in earnings growth in each of our operations and to China in particular. Reported assets under management does not include assets under management in China, which have increased from $600 million a year ago to $5.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. This significant growth in assets under management brought China to profitability last quarter more than a year earlier than planned.  Based on normalized earnings, segment return on equity is approximately 7.7% and Principal International remains on track to achieve sustainable ROE of 10% by 2010. Principal International continues to do a tremendous job transitioning to more fee-based businesses. Beginning this quarter, we began disclosing in our financial supplement a breakdown of premiums, fee revenues and assets under management for our equity method or unconsolidated subsidiaries. On a GAAP basis, fee revenues are up $13 million year-to-date or 15%. However, including our equity method subsidiaries, fee revenues are up $110 million year-to-date or 67%.  In closing, we remain sharply focused on executing our growth strategy. As always, we will continue working hard to extend our leadership in the industry to meet the needs of growing businesses and their employees and to deliver superior long-term results for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks.  I would now ask the conference call operator to open the call to questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates:  Hey, good morning everybody, and congratulations on a very good quarter. The question I wanted to ask was a much more general one, in particular... well, actually I have a very quick question. Could you give us the data when Morley was acquired? I have been trying to find that everywhere? And then with regards to that and maybe stable value in general, the department of labor I guess has come out and made the final decision that stable value products and offerings won't be a default. Could you talk about how that might affect your business in Morley? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Fine thanks Steven, and good morning to you. Thanks for the comment on the quarter. I think we closed Morley on August 31 of this year. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates:  Okay. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  And I'll ask Larry maybe to talk a little bit about the stable value. But I will make one comment, we were actually in favor of having life cycle or life stage funds be the default option. We didn't think that stable value was really the appropriate default option, and we understood what we were doing when we had that position because we own Morley. But we are also a leading provider of life cycle, life stage funds. So, we believe that's a more appropriate default and we certainly anticipated that that's what made up the Morley acquisition. I guess, I probably answered the question for you Larry. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning, Steven. Just a couple of comments. Again, I think that Department of Labor regs came out, as Barry said, very much in line with what we expected and anticipated. We don't see it as having any significant impact on Morley or our ability to drive growth and earnings out of Morley. One of the opportunities that we see as it relates to Morley and stable value is really as much in the in-retirement period, Steven, as it is in the accumulation period. So, we think there is a lot of opportunity to kind of bring some more innovative solutions to the retirement marketplace, and use stable value as a more effective payout vehicle during retirement than has been done in the past. So, we think there still remains good opportunity in that business. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates:  Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you, Steven. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Suneet Kamath with Stanford Bernstein. 
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick question on the Full Service Accumulation business, I think if you take out the one time benefit in the quarter, I think even Mike said the operating earnings were up about 13%. But the account values were up over 20%. My understanding is that in the past you have talked about earnings actually growing faster than account values, so maybe what happened in the quarter and should we expect some positive operating leverage going forward? Thanks. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Larry. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Suneet, good morning. This is Larry. I will take that question. Yes, the overall account value for full service accum were up about 21% from a year ago. There is... as Mike commented, a bit of noise in there. So, I will try to kind walk through those relatively quickly. We had about $30 million of the deck. We also had about $2.5 million to $3 million of the tax adjustments that goes the other way. We had about the effective tax rate increased about 6% points from a year ago. That's worth about $8 million from a tax impact. And then finally, there is the shift that's going on that we commented about from basically general account, which has a more robust return on assets but a lower ROE to the employer securities, which has the higher ROE but the lower return on assets. And that had about $2.5 million affect, so if you net all that out, the 111 that you see for full services accum would probably look like about 95 on a normalized basis. And that would compare to about 73.5 a year ago. So that would be about 29% increase in operating earnings on 21% increase on account value. So, we don't see that there is negative leverage going on. We think there continues to be positive leverage, but you do have to take into account kind of the shift from general account to employer securities. I hope that helps. 
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Okay. Thank you, very helpful. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thanks Suneet. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Eric Berg with Lehman Brothers. 
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks very much and good morning to everyone. So, I think you acknowledge, certainly it sounded to me that you were acknowledging that in what was otherwise just a broadly based very, very successful quarter, there continued to be some issues in the health area, at least with respect to enrollment and profitability. And my one question is this, I don't think I am being unduly harsh when I say that you have been working at this health business for a quite a while. The numbers are not going in the right direction in terms of enrolment. The business has been shrinking pretty much all year indeed for several years. You've develop this concept of a target market and the target market has been shrinking. Why not call it quits, sell the business, let someone else provide the health insurance that you feel is a necessary part of your products suite? I mean you have so much to be proud of with respect to the remainder of your business. It doesn't seem to be working here. Why not move on and focus on the retirement business? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning, Eric, and we appreciate your comments. Just a clarification, I would argue that since becoming a publicly traded company, our group medical business has added enormous value, set very high ROEs and while over that entire period, it may have been shrinking in more recent years, it has actually been growing. We are in a situation right now where we hit a bad spot, where we have some problems with high deductibles, claims on high deductible health plans, where we had some under pricing and we are correcting those things, I think it's... I don't think it will be a fair characterization that this has been a trouble business for that entire period of time. It's only been in recent time.  But I would also argue that we manage our businesses appropriately. We have taken appropriate action when necessary. We either fix businesses or we get out of businesses. We believe we can fix this business. We have a plan to fix it. It's a very, very important strategic fit for us. It helps small-to-medium businesses and... we appreciate the concern about it. We have a very good plan to get back on track. It's a relatively small part of our business right now, probably, less than 15% of our earnings. Still even with the current situation, it's normalized about 12% to 13% return on equity. So, we have a lot of expertise in this. But I guess, I will say to you and what I say to people continuously and that's my long-term commitment that we will manage and operate our businesses successfully and profitably, and if we get to point where we can do that we'll take appropriate action. 
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers:  Thank you. That's complete and helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley:  Great. Thank you. Good morning. Two quick ones, first on capital management, given your excess capital position you expect to ask the Board to authorize a new repurchase program before year-end? And secondly, if you can just discuss the pipeline of sales in Full Service Accumulation and PGI? Thanks. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I am sorry, Nigel, would you repeat the last one? 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley:  Yes. Just a pipeline what you are seeing in terms of sales in Full Service Accumulation and Principal Global Investors? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, on the share repurchase I guess our standard answer is that's a Board decision and our Board does meet in November. We don't necessarily have a view of what the Board might do, but I guess you could look at history and say that we've been good stewards of our capital, and you might be talking about a timing issue. We look at our capital as a great asset for strategic acquisition, for organic growth and to the extent we don't need it for those two. We have a very strong tendency to return to shareholders, so that should give you some indication. And again, what the Board does or doesn't do at our meeting is not been decided but again, we over the long haul will do the right things, I can assure. Full Service Accumulation pipeline, Larry? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sure. Good morning, Nigel. Just a quick comment on that. I would say that Full Service Accumulation pipeline remains very strong. As you know, we talk in terms of 10% to 12% growth in sales and what I can say is that our Full Service Accumulation pipeline is more than sufficient to continue to give us that 10% to 12% growth in sales. So as long as our close rate holds, we remain confident we can hit that mark. And I'll let Jim comment on PGI. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Thank you. Over the last year and half, we have added a lot of sales and relationship management people in the institutional and sub advisory business of PGI. Round about half of our sales and relationship management people have joined us during that time and they are now getting to the point where there is maximum traction in the market and are getting to their target productivity. So that's the reason and we've done that in order to exploit the strong track records we built serving investors both in the U.S. and abroad. So all of this means that we are targeting an increased pipeline, and Larry mentioned the $2.5 billion of institutional assets funded in October, which we are particularly pleased with. I would say that the level of activity right now is the highest we have ever seen and we remain optimistic about the future. So I don't believe that the $4.8 billion cash inflows in the third quarter was in anyway an outlier. So we feel pretty optimistic. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley:  That's great. Thanks a lot. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Ed Spehar with Merrill Lynch. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. Good morning. Just two quick ones, first I want to clarify. Is it your expectation that still given the shift in mix that you are seeing in FSA that the asset growth and earnings growth should track pretty closely? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. Larry, you want to take that. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sure, yes, Ed we do expect the earnings growth to track closely or to slightly exceed account value growth. Again, we are at a point where there is a shift going on from general account to employer securities but we don't see that as necessarily saying that the leverage is going to reverse at all. So we do expect those two to grow in line with each other. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then the second one was, can we assume that all of the sequential decline in net investment income line at PGI reflects the challenges we had in the quarter for the securitization business? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No, not exactly. I'm going to let Jim to clarify. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Yes, there are two things going on there. One is they move to the joint venture and the withdrawal of $500 million of capital from that business, which you'll recall was executed late last year. So if you are comparing it with a year ago, there was quite a lot of capital in the business. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  No, I am comparing it sequentially. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Oh, sequentially to the previous quarter. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Yes. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Yes. Going into... I mean just to give you a flavor for that, going into the quarter we expect that the spread businesses of PGI, which is primarily the commercial mortgage markets securitization to make around about $6 million net, it actually broke even and that's the impact of the very severe adverse credit conditions during the quarter. So I think that's really the answer you're looking for. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Yes, I guess that would be the bulk of the decline and so that's $6 million after-tax. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Yes, that's correct. And the commercial market securitization business actually continues to trade very effectively during the quarter. We made issuance, which was actually higher than on the previous year quarter, I think the number was $1.4 billion of issuance that we made. But the reason it broke even was the profits on that issuance were offset by the mark-to-market losses on inventory within the joint venture. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Very good. Thank you. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I was going to say, Ed, the fact that we stayed in the market I think bodes very well for this business in the future. 
James P. McCaughan - President - Global Asset Management:  Yes. We are optimistic about the future of the credit markets return to whatever a more normal position is. 
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question will come form the line of Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. 
Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.:  Hi, I don't think I have pressed for question but I'll ask one regardless. Could you just discuss your pipeline in the FSA business, I think the sales are very strong. But if there was any benefit from large scale sales, I think in the past, when you have had sales this strong, there have been some large cases. But if you can just discuss what drove the momentum for sales this quarter and just your outlook? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Sure. I think Larry kind of commented a little bit on the outlook, give a little color on what was on the third quarter and maybe talk again about the outlook for the fourth quarter and maybe even early next year, Larry. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sure. Good morning. In terms of Q3, Jimmy, maybe I'll start there. I think we have generally tended to sort of define larger cases as maybe those, that were over $100 million and there were I think seven clients in the third quarter numbers that were $100 million and over. And so that's certainly contributed to the very, very strong result. But having said that, we do expect to have on a regular basis, we expect to have plans of $100 million and over. Now, I can't sit here and promise you we'll have seven every quarter. But I think last year for example, we had 10 plans for the entire year that were 100 million or over, and we hope to certainly exceed that this year.  In terms of going forward, again, it's always somewhat difficult to predict. Our close rates have remained very solid this year. They have generally stayed in at 12% or 13% close rate range. We are not seeing anything that indicates any deterioration. Our pipeline remains very strong. It has double digit increases. And I would say very, very importantly this sales increase Jimmy is not being driven by just large cases. If you look at our emerging, if you look at our... which is less than $5 million, if you look at dynamic which is the middle market or institutional. They are all up and institutional is up a little bit more but dynamic for example is up 22%. So, it is broad across the board growth, it's not being driven just exclusively by a few large cases. 
Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.:  Thank you. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thanks Jimmy. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Hi, just wanted to circle back on your comments on the target data life cycle funds. Can you talk about what your AUM are in those funds right now? And also when you are selling those products within the 401K plans, is that predominantly just principal brand funds or you selling third party life cycle funds? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay, Tom very good. We appreciate it. Let me ask Larry to comment on that. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, in terms Tom of the amount of life cycle funds, I think that number is somewhere in the $25 billion to $30 billion range today. So, again at this point in time, we believe we are the fifth largest manager of life cycle fund in the United States. So, we think we have a very, very strong competitive position in that. I think your second question had to do with whether we are selling only our proprietary life cycle fund or whether there is some third party... the vast, vast majority, I will say 90% of that is proprietary life cycle. Either the risk based fund, which are the strategic asset management portfolios or the time based funds, which are what we call the life time fund, so almost all of that is proprietary. There can on occasion be some third party. For example, a Russell LifePoints option in there in certain limited distribution situation. But it is mostly proprietary. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  When you have sub advisors underneath within those funds, I believe we do, Larry so that would... not all proprietary asset management -- 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  In the life time funds, it's currently split about 70% to 75% PGI proprietary across the range of managers. That's about 25% to 30% in array of outside sub-advisors. So, that's within the life time series. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Okay. And just a follow up on that Larry, if... so is it fair to say if this is like the fastest growing pool of funds within your 401K business that we may see a shift back towards proprietary managed funds because I think the direction if you look over the last three years, had been more towards third party? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, I agree with that. Again, what actually influences that kind of percentage that ends up being proprietary is really in many cases guided as much by whether the sales at the margin, whether the sales are coming more in the institutional block as compared to the dynamic block, as compared to the emerging block. So, you will see a few ebbs and flows from quarter-to-quarter just depending on kind of which of the sales areas are waiting in more heavily in a given quarter. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Okay. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Colin Devine with Citigroup. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Good morning, gentlemen. I am wondering if we could go back, Larry to the Department of Labor ruling and I appreciated that you answered the question with respect to Morley. But my area of interest is really with respect to your whole 401K business. And specifically, if we look at how much of those FSA assets are sitting in the default options today? What... and how is that going to shift? How could that impact the economics recognizing... it's always been my impression you make a lot of money say this stable value product that you are managing for yourselves right now, and of course that's going to have some capital implications, if that money is rolling into life cycle funds and if you could elaborate on that as well? Thanks. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sure. Today, Colin there is about in rough terms there is about $9 billion that are in kind of general... in our Full Service Accumulation. There is sort of general account and guaranteed interest type assets. And that number has actually trended slightly downward over the last, sort of few quarters. And I think... who knows, I think it would be reasonable to assume that it will continue to trend down to some degree. Again, we look at that as generally speaking, a healthy... a healthy shift. Because again, what's generally going is it's moving from the guaranteed interest type option to more of the life time or life cycle funds, that I think we would all agree is a more appropriate choice for default investors. So, again, as we commented earlier, it will have some... it will have some ROE implications and some ROA implications. But we don't see it rising to the level that it would change the leverage, the relationship between OE growth and account value growth. So, it's just a normal natural shift that's going on, very able to shift with that and still protect earnings. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Okay. But to be very clear for me, let's just cut to this, are you saying it's positive for FSAs, ROE; negative for its ROA, which means net-net, it's negative for it's operating earnings? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  No. I wouldn't necessarily agree with that. It is going to be positive for return on equity. It is going to have some diminishment in return on account values, but it will also end up in higher free capital at the end of the day. It will end up in higher free capital for another... it will need less capital to support the ongoing organic growth. So, again we still see as we model forward Colin, we still see our ability through just the size of the book of business and operational efficiency. We still see us able to maintain the relationship between OE growth and account value growth. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Okay. And how fast do you expect this to unfold. And where should we see then the assets moving within your reporting structure. It's $9 billion of assets shifting over into life cycle funds, I just want to make sure I understand where there are coming out of and is just going to be over the next several quarters, how fast do you expect this to unfold? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I would say that based on the way the Department of Labor and again I think they did a very incredible job, Colin. I think, essentially there would be no reason to expect that there would be sort of a wholesale movement of these guaranteed interest accounts out of where they are. You have to remember in many cases, the participants... these still have two, three, four, five years remaining on a guaranteed interest period. There would be... it would very unusual, and I'd be very surprised if any employer ever would move those prior to the maturities. So, you will see that to the extent it gets smaller. It will happen on sort of a very phase basis over a longer term basis, three years, five years, seven years, so it will be nothing dramatic. It will simply happen over time as it has been going on to this point. And again, I think we have demonstrated our ability to control this and still have '08 growth in line with account value. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thanks Colin. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Tamara Kravec with Banc of America Securities. 
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities:  Thank you. Good morning. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning. 
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities:  On the initial fund segment, you had some outflows that you talked about in terms of changing advisor compensation. How long is that going to run through, in other words will you expect continued net outflows for a period of time or do you think this is more, you changed the compensation, and it has more of a near-term impact? And my second question is on the life and health area particularly Individual Life, you had some operating expense improvements and I am wondering how much room do you think you have to continue to see improvement in there and how much of a lever you think that really is? Thanks. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Larry, you want to jump in and take the first part of that? 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Tamara, good morning. The change that we referenced earlier was actually a change that was made in March of 2006 prior to the time we did the acquisitions, so we certainly modeled our best estimate of that particular impact. And again, I would emphasize there our modeling in our acquisition plan is very, very much in line with the experience that we have seen on the block. Again, the outflow is something that will generally speaking take place over time. We don't view it as a big problem. In terms of the overall net cash flows, we would expect to be roughly neutral. We're about $200 million negative in this quarter. That was primarily the result of the court of appeal decision around fee-based brokerage accounts that we alluded to earlier in the call. Obviously, that shouldn't be much of an impact in fourth quarter and then we believe we'll back to positive flows starting in the first quarter of 2008. And I'll let John comment on Individual Life question. 
John E. Aschenbrenner - President - Insurance and Financial Services:  On the Individual Life, we measure our expenses as a percentage of expense revenue or the pricing revenue, and that improved about 960 basis points year-over-year in the last... first three quarters of the year. The expenses we are incurring now are actually lower than our pricing expenses. So while we had some great improvement this year where we got a little bit of room for improvement going forward, you are not going to see the dramatic type of improvement going forward I don't think in Individual Life that you saw. Quickly just on the other two pieces of the life and health segment, we mentioned the improvement on the health side. That I think you are going to see us pretty much holding our own now as the membership continues to fall off a little bit. We will, I think, be able to keep our expenses going down to match the membership fall off, but you are not going to see dramatic improvement in the cost ratios for health in the next couple of years. Once we get the membership stabilized, I think there is room for some further improvement there. Specialty Benefits, we had over 200 basis points improvement in the expense ratios there. We should be able to continue to see some slight improvement in Specialty Benefits as we continue to see growth in premiums and deposits that should outpace the growth in expenses, so a very, very good expense picture. 
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities:  Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. On the loss ratios here that anything that you're seeing this quarter, I understand the fourth quarter is still going to be seasonally lower just on higher claims, but looking into 2008 is there anything you've seen in this quarter to make you more or less optimistic about a run rate for 2008? 
John E. Aschenbrenner - President - Insurance and Financial Services:  And Tamara, Are you talking the health business? 
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities:  Yes. 
John E. Aschenbrenner - President - Insurance and Financial Services:  I think what we are seeing is very much a stabilization in the loss ratios for health, and a stabilization that really puts us in the position that we were at pretty much 12% return on equity run rate in the business. We think that will continue into 2008 and we should start seeing even some slight improvement in that going forward. As you mentioned, the high deductible will cause a very significant increase in the loss ratio in the fourth quarter but that... we're expecting that and that's build into the 12% run-rate return on equity that we're talking about. 
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Joan Zief with Goldman Sachs. 
Joan H. Zief - Goldman, Sachs & Co.:  Thank you very much. I mean you talked about how successful your retention is, you've talked about how you're now thinking about the business from the FSA and the mutual funds and the individual annuities; can you give us an idea of what trends you are seeing with the asset flows of the 401K when the piece of the business that you're not retaining, where is that going? What percentage of the business that you retain actually stays in the 401K when an individual leaves their work? How much actually flows into your individual annuities? Are there any trends that are shifting it to sort of mutual funds and broker accounts? Can you give us an idea of what you're seeing? 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Now Joan, was that one question. 
Joan H. Zief - Goldman, Sachs & Co.:  Yes. That's just my one... that's one question that encompasses everything. 
Larry D. Zimpleman - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning Joan. I'll do my best here. It will probably be kind of quick hits as we go. I think you asked the question around flows. And again, we're seeing very strong flows into the life cycle type funds, which if you then think about where the life cycle funds kind of disperse them, you are seeing a little faster growth in sort of the equity area both U.S. and international. But again, it's really though the operation of the life time funds. So again, it's moving away from money market. It's moving away from stable value. It's moving away from guaranteed interest. Generally speaking into a more broadly diversified strategy using life cycle funds, so again we view all that as positive.  In terms of sort of where does the money flow? There is not really any big changes going on there. Of the assets we retain, in rough terms, half of that stays and what we call a personal retirement account. That's sort of your own personal account within the retirement plan. So, you retain your own existing investment options and we deal with you as an individual. The other half goes into a variety of choices, banking products, individual annuities and regular retail, mutual funds.  Finally, I think you asked about, in terms of money that leaves us. Is there any particular place that seems to be winning the day? And what I would say is that there doesn't seem to be. I would tell you we track that very, very closely, literally by name as to other institutions. It is very, very broadly diversified. At the end of the day, Joan, it seems, it really comes down to who their advisor is. Most of the time, the money that would leave would have some advisor, not somebody who originally brought the plan of Principal, they have their own retail advisor and that's going to be the influencer as to where the money goes. 
Joan H. Zief - Goldman, Sachs & Co.:  Great. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Graf - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you, Joan. 
J. Barry Griswell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Let me wrap the call up now. Maybe just a quick summary comment. We are very, very pleased with the quarter and results year-to-date. In addition to the results themselves, we are just very pleased with the acceptance we have in the marketplace, products and solutions, our extended distribution, our leadership in the small-to-medium business market. And our ability to grow our asset accumulation, asset management businesses and I think very importantly, this momentum position us very well to continue our commitment and our goals of delivering 11% to 13% EPS growth over the long haul and improving our return on equity 50 basis points per year. And we believe by doing that, we create excellent shareholder value and that is of course our goal. We again thank you for your support and your interest. And we look forward to seeing you all at our first Investors Day in a few weeks... in early December. So, thank you all very much. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at approximately 1:00 PM Eastern Time until end of day November 8, 2007. 16893229 is the access code for the replay. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 for U.S. and Canadian callers or 706-645-9291 for international callers. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
