===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2025. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through the next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Thank you, Todd, and thank you all for joining us today. Before discussing our first quarter results, I'd like to take a few minutes to directly address an important regulatory development, the FDA's announcement last month outlining their goal to accelerate the validation and adoption of New Approach Methods, or NAMs, to reduce the animal testing in preclinical safety assessment. I will also provide an update on our own ongoing strategy around alternative methods which we will continue to incorporate into our business in the future. Charles River supports the FDA's vision to leverage scientific advancement to safely advance innovative technologies, including alternatives to animal use. As the leader in preclinical drug development, our long-standing mission is aligned with this vision as we continue to drive greater efficiency in the drug development process and reduce costs, enhance scientific innovation and promote the responsible use of animals in biomedical research. Our perspective on leading through a NAMs-enabled future is as follows: First, the evolution of NAMs is not new and demonstrates that scientific advancements are continuing to move forward. For more than 50 years, efforts to reduce animal use by Charles River and industry have led to a gradual decline in research model volumes. These efforts include better translational models and technologies, such as genetically modified and immunodeficient models that can mimic human disease. For example, our volumes of outbred rodents often used in safety assessment have been roughly halved over the past 10 years due to the use of more complex and predictive models, technologies and services, including imaging and in vitro applications, all while our revenue has increased significantly. NAMs are part of this broader trend. For many years, CROs like Charles River, the biopharmaceutical industry and the FDA and international regulatory agencies have been evaluating strategies to use NAMs as tools to complement traditional methods, and in some cases, to potentially eliminate certain animal tests. Through this evolution, the promise of NAMs will be balanced with the importance of patient safety and science. NAMs are beginning to offer exciting opportunities for the future, but they are not capable of fully replacing animal studies in biomedical research and safety testing. Each NAMs tool will require rigorous validation to prove it can consistently replicate the complexity of living systems and ensure patient safety. There are applications where NAMs may play a valuable role more quickly, such as monoclonal antibodies, but significant scientific advancements and validation will be required before alternative methods can become more widely adopted. This technology to mimic a complex living organism doesn't exist today. Therefore, we believe there will be incremental progress over time, and the broader adoption of NAMs will be a longer-term journey, one that is much longer than 3 to 5 years. As the science continues to advance, we believe the biopharmaceutical industry and regulators will maintain a keen focus on ensuring patient safety without compromise. As NAMs evolve, we intend to advance hybrid study designs by complementing traditional in vivo and in vitro methods with NAMs and other nonanimal technologies. Given the current state of science and technology, NAMs are still primarily used in drug discovery because of the narrower focus on drug design and optimization, whereas in safety assessment, a more comprehensive approach is required to determine the full systemic or multi-organ impacts of a drug. Chronic or longer-term assessments of a drug's impact are also critical, as well as off-target or unintended effects, which NAMs can't fully replicate at this time. However, similar to applications in drug discovery, we believe a hybrid model submitting NAMs data in parallel with animal data will prove to be the best approach to ensure patient safety for regulated safety testing over the long term. Ultimately, we believe the future isn't binary. The use of animals will remain beneficial to support certain complex safety and efficacy endpoints even as hybrid study designs that incorporate both NAMs and animal data gain traction. As a result, we view this as an opportunity for Charles River, and we will continue to expand our non-animal platforms. Our leadership in preclinical drug development is not confined to animal models. It is rooted in science and innovation, regulatory insights and translational expertise. That expertise is equally applicable to NAMs for which we have a growing portfolio of capabilities. We will continue to invest heavily in these capabilities through organic innovation, technology partnerships and targeted M&A. As regulatory expectations continue to evolve, our clients are seeking trusted partners to help them navigate the transition. Charles River is the logical partner to assist biopharmaceutical clients to validate and advance the use of NAMs because of the scientific data that we possess and our regulatory expertise. Drug development is ultimately about scientific data, and we have generated significant client databases of toxicology information over our 25 years in the industry that can help create more predictive and efficient safety methodologies that do not compromise patient safety. Charles River has a well-established commitment to and track record for the replacement, reduction and refinement or the 3 Rs of ethical animal use for biomedical research and has supported the FDA's efforts as well as the NIH's to advance the validation and adoption of NAMs over many years. We have recognized this trajectory of science and technology for many years. And in April 2024, we formalized our own Alternative Methods Advancement Project, or AMAP initiative, dedicated to advancing the development of alternatives to reducing animal testing. We have made strategic investments over the past decade in areas that are central to the NAMs ecosystem with growing capabilities that include steroid, organoid and organ-on-a-chip platforms, human tissue models, in silico modeling, advanced in vitro toxicology and predictive immunotoxicology assays. We have also invested in projects using computational modeling to increase efficiency and reduce animal usage, as exemplified by our Logica platform pairing AI with traditional methods. We acquired the Retrogenix's cell microarray technology for off-target screening and toxicity. And we also launched a pilot program to replace animals with virtual control groups for safety assessment studies. Slide 9 in our earnings presentation showcases the current state of NAMs and our capabilities across the various NAMs platforms. In total, we generate approximately $200 million of annual DSA revenue from NAMs, much of which is in the discovery phase. We believe our NAMs capabilities and associated revenue will grow meaningfully over time as gradual technological progress continues. I'd like to take a moment to address the potential financial impact to Charles River from the FDA announcement. The FDA has focused on monoclonal antibodies for its pilot program, specifically to reduce the duration of chronic NHP studies. We believe the FDA chose this path because on a case-by-case basis, it has already been waiving certain chronic post-IND NHP studies for monoclonal antibodies for many years using a weighted evidence model because the scientific data has demonstrated that in many cases, there is limited benefit to conducting additional chronic NHP studies. This is likely because monoclonal antibodies generally show less toxicity than small molecule drugs and have a lower risk for unexpected reactions. In addition, certain monoclonal antibodies have no relevant research models to use in safety testing. Chronic NHP studies longer than 3 months in monoclonal antibodies represented $50 million of our annual revenue. We do not expect any immediate impact on our business. On Slide 11, we have provided an updated view of our Safety Assessment revenue by drug modality for reference. As you can see, the bulk of our revenue is from small molecule and newer advanced biological drugs, including cell and gene therapies. The FDA has not yet focused on these other drug modalities because understanding the safety profile can be more complex and less predictable than monoclonal antibodies. And in the case of newer biologic drugs, there is also less data available to support non-animal-based risk assessments. Therefore, extensive validation work and scientific advancements are needed to safely complement the current in vivo protocols with new alternative methods. This will take a significant amount of time and require resources and collaboration between the FDA, NIH and other agencies, as well as the biopharmaceutical industry. We applaud the FDA's ongoing efforts to reduce animal use. And while the transition to NAMs is evolutionary, rather than revolutionary, it's an important one for biomedical research and one that Charles River is prepared to lead. In the coming years, we look forward to continuing to work with regulatory agencies, the biopharmaceutical industry and other stakeholders to help develop, validate and implement an efficient process for our clients' regulatory submissions that supports the use of nonanimal technologies and new alternative methods. As we always have, Charles River will remain committed to following the best and latest science to ensure patient safety. Now I'd like to provide an update on the market trends. Despite considerable uncertainty in the broader market environment, our first quarter financial results demonstrated continued signs of stabilization with a better-than-expected DSA performance, leading us to modestly increase our financial guidance for the year. We were pleased to see the DSA net book-to-bill return to just above 1x for the first time in over 2 years due to improved quarterly bookings. While this is a positive development for the DSA segment, we remain cautious in light of recent market dynamics, including government funding cuts, particularly at the NIH and FDA, the slower start for biotech funding and tariffs. These developments have understandably contributed to a broader sense of uncertainty in the marketplace. While we have not yet seen a meaningful impact on client demand, which continues to show signs of stabilization, we have taken a measured and prudent approach to our outlook for the year. I'll now provide highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $984.2 million in the first quarter of 2025, a 2.7% decrease compared to last year. On an organic basis, revenue declined 1.8%, driven by low single-digit organic decreases in each of our 3 business segments. Our first quarter revenue performance was above our February outlook for a mid-single-digit decline due primarily to the DSA segment's performance, for which I will provide more details shortly. By client segment, revenue for small and midsized biotech clients grew for a second consecutive quarter. Revenue for global biopharmaceutical clients declined in the first quarter, but this was due at least in part to the fact that we have not yet anniversaried the spending reductions which began in the second half of last year. Collectively, our global academic and government revenue increased slightly in the quarter. The operating margin was 19.1%, an increase of 60 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was primarily driven by the benefit of cost savings resulting from restructuring initiatives that promoted margin expansion in the DSA segment. Favorable mix in the DSA segment also contributed, as did unallocated corporate costs, which declined year-over-year as expected. Earnings per share were $2.34 in the first quarter, an increase of 3.1% from the first quarter of last year. In addition to operating margin improvement, below the line items, including reductions in the tax rate, interest expense and diluted shares outstanding were contributors to earnings growth. Flavia will provide more details on these items. Based primarily on the first quarter DSA outperformance and our current visibility, balanced by a cautious approach to the second half of the year, we are modestly raising our 2025 revenue guidance by 100 basis points to a 2.5% to 4.5% decrease organically and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.20 at midpoint to $9.30 to $9.80. I'd now like to provide you with additional details on our first quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment's results. DSA revenue in the first quarter was $592.6 million, a decrease of 1.4% on an organic basis driven primarily by lower revenue for Discovery Services. DSA pricing improved slightly in the first quarter. This was primarily driven by favorable mix, specifically an increase in longer duration specialty studies. We do not believe this signals broader improvement in the spot pricing environment, which we would continue to characterize as stable overall. Moving to the DSA demand KPIs on Slide 19. The DSA backlog was $1.99 billion at the end of the first quarter, up slightly from $1.97 billion at year-end. You should note that beginning this quarter, we have disclosed our net bookings and net book-to-bill data. This is the first time we are providing this information because we believe it will provide additional transparency into these important KPIs, particularly when foreign exchange can have a notable impact on backlog, as it did in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we were pleased that the net book-to-bill improved to 1.04x in the first quarter, above 1x for the first time since the second half of 2022. This was primarily a result of quarterly net booking activity, which improved to $616 million, representing a more than 20% increase on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. This improvement was driven by higher gross bookings, principally from global biopharmaceutical clients, as well as a continued decline in study cancellations moving towards targeted levels across all client segments, including small and midsize biotechs. The incremental first quarter booking activity could largely be characterized for studies with quicker start dates, which is more reflective of our current shorter-term booking behaviors in the current market environment. We expect this will benefit revenue in the first half of this year, including the studies that were already started in the first quarter that led to the better-than-expected performance. Based on this trend, we are modestly increasing our full year revenue guidance for the DSA segment. We now expect DSA organic revenue will decline in the mid-single-digit range, rather than our prior outlook of a mid- to high single-digit decline. As I mentioned, we expect the improved first quarter bookings will generate incremental revenue during the first half of the year, also augmented by the favorable study mix during the first quarter. At this point, given the current visibility, the generally conscious sentiment in the sector and our expectation that the study mix will normalize, we are not assuming that a similar bookings tailwind will continue to benefit second half revenue. However, as I said earlier, we have not seen any meaningful evidence of deterioration in our markets. The DSA operating margin increased 40 basis points year-over-year to 23.9% in the first quarter. The year-over-year improvement primarily reflected cost savings generated from our restructuring initiatives, as well as the favorable study mix in the first quarter. RMS revenue was $213.1 million, a decrease of 2.5% on an organic basis compared to the first quarter of 2024. RMS performed in line with expectations to start the year. The year-over-year revenue decline was primarily driven by the timing of NHP shipments in China and lower revenue for the Cell Solutions business, partially offset by higher revenue for small research models in all geographic regions, driven primarily by higher pricing. Small research models remain essential, low-cost tools for biomedical research, which enhances our ability to continue to realize price increases globally. However, there have been growing concerns from our academic and government clients that propose NIH budget cuts, and uncertainty in Washington could impact their future funding levels. We have not experienced any meaningful revenue loss related to NIH budgets to date, and first quarter revenue from our North American academic and government clients increased slightly. As a reminder, this North American client base represents just over 20% of total RMS revenue, or approximately 6% of total company revenue. Any potential NIH budget cuts would be unlikely to impact client spending levels until later this year or into 2026. In addition, demand from early-stage biotech clients for our CRADL services is expected to be constrained this year due to their funding challenges. We believe this will slow the anticipated utilization of CRADL capacity during the year. As a result of these 2 potential headwinds, we are moderating our RMS outlook for the year to flat to slightly positive revenue growth on an organic basis compared to our previous expectation of low single-digit growth. In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by 50 basis points to 27.1%. The decline was primarily a result of the lower NHP revenue, partially offset by the benefit of cost savings resulting from our restructuring initiatives. Revenue for the Manufacturing segment was $178.5 million, a 2.2% decrease on an organic basis from the first quarter of last year. The revenue decline was driven primarily by lower commercial revenue in the CDMO business and a slow start to the year for the Biologics Testing business. Overall, the Manufacturing segment started the year in line with our expectations, and we are maintaining our prior outlook that Manufacturing revenue will be essentially flat on an organic basis in 2025. As you know, first quarter testing volumes in the Biologics Testing business can fluctuate based on seasonal trends. The business had a stronger start last year. However, we continue to expect that Biologics Testing revenue will grow in 2025, and this outlook was supported by solid booking activity in the first quarter. Our cell and gene therapy CDMO business was impacted by the lower revenue from 2 commercial cell therapy clients, which we discussed earlier in the year. The loss of commercial CDMO revenue reduced the Manufacturing Solutions growth rate by approximately 500 basis points in the first quarter and is expected to have a similar impact for the full year. We are continuing to make progress to enhance the quality of our CDMO operations. We were also pleased to see that our gene therapy CDMO revenue grew in the quarter. We have a healthy pipeline of biotech clients with early-stage clinical candidates ready to help move the CDMO business forward and continue to believe attractive long-term growth opportunities exist. Offsetting these headwinds, the Microbial Solutions business reported another quarter of solid growth across its leading portfolio of rapid manufacturing quality control testing solutions, led by Accugenix microbial identification services. Endosafe also performed well as a result of growth for testing consumables, and a strong high throughput, automated NEXUS instrument placements last year are driving incremental cartridge demand. We expect Microbial Solutions will remain a stable source of high single-digit revenue growth for Charles River, demonstrating that clients are increasingly utilizing our comprehensive testing solutions to enhance their product release testing speed and efficiency. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin declined by 220 basis points to 23.1% in the first quarter of 2025 due principally to the impact of lower commercial revenue in the CDMO business. We believe the Manufacturing segment's margin will rebound as sales volume improves, particularly in the Biologics Testing business, and will move closer to the 30% level during the year. Before I turn it over to Flavia, I would also like to discuss this morning's announcement regarding our actions to enhance value creation opportunities at the company in conjunction with our new shareholders, Elliott Investment Management. First, we are pleased to welcome Steven Barg, Abe Ceesay, Mark Enyedy and Paul Graves to our Board. Each brings significant professional and industry experience and will add fresh perspectives as we continue to execute our strategy and identify the best avenues for further growth and value creation. I would also like to sincerely thank the 4 members of our Board who are not seeking reelection: Bob Bertolini, Debbie Kochevar, George Massaro and Richard Wallman. I appreciate the expertise and strategic counsel that each of you have provided to the company and to me over the many years that you have served on our Board, which have contributed to our enduring industry leadership, and we wish each of you the very best. In addition, the Strategic Planning and Capital Allocation Committee of our Board will undertake a comprehensive strategic review of our business to evaluate initiatives to unlock additional value. We will report back on the outcome of the Board's review once complete. I look forward to working with each of our new and continuing Board members and the Elliott team as we focus on maximizing long-term value for our investors, clients and employees. I firmly believe the company shares are significantly undervalued, particularly after the FDA's announcement last month, so implementing additional value creation initiative is both necessary and timely. I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our first quarter financial performance and updated 2025 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. We are pleased that our first quarter revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded our prior outlook. This outcome was primarily driven by better-than-expected DSA results and, to a lesser extent, a lower tax rate. These results also reflect the actions we have taken to protect the operating margin. For the past 2 years, we have taken aggressive actions through our restructuring program to reduce our cost structure by over 5% and align our infrastructure with the current demand, which contributed to the first quarter operating margin improvement and earnings growth, even with a modest revenue decline. We remain on track to deliver annualized cost savings of over $175 million in 2025 and approximately $225 million in 2026. We are also continuing to deploy capital in a disciplined and shareholder-focused manner. As announced last quarter, we're leveraging our solid annual free cash flow generation and completed the repurchase of $350 million in shares during the first quarter of 2025. For modeling purposes, including the stock repurchases to date, we will have slightly below 50 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year. In just over 2 quarters, since the $1 billion stock repurchase program was authorized, we have repurchased nearly half of this amount. As Jim referenced, we currently believe the company is significantly undervalued, and we'll closely review opportunities for value creation, including additional stock repurchases. We also experienced a significant increase in quarterly free cash flow, with $112.4 million generated in the first quarter compared to $50.7 million last year. The improvement was primarily driven by lower performance-based cash bonus payments for 2024, which are paid in the first quarter, and by lower capital expenditures. CapEx was $59.3 million or approximately 6% of revenue in the first quarter compared to $79.1 million last year, reflecting the ongoing moderation of our capacity investments in the current demand environment. For the year, we expect that free cash flow will be $350 million to $390 million, and CapEx will be approximately $230 million, consistent with our prior outlook. As Jim mentioned, we have modestly raised our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. We now expect full year reported revenue will decline 3.5% to 5.5% and organic revenue will decline 2.5% to 4.5%. FX rates have been volatile since the election. And as a result, we now expect foreign exchange will represent an approximately 1% headwind to 2025 revenue based on recent bank forecasts, which is favorable to our prior outlook of a 1% to 1.5% headwind. Non-GAAP earnings per share are now expected to be in a range of $9.30 to $9.80. Our updated segment revenue outlook for 2025 can be found on Slide 36. We are raising our DSA outlook to reflect the solid first quarter performance, including improved bookings, which give us greater confidence in the near term. We're also tempering our IMS outlook, reflecting headwinds related to our CRADL business and potentially on our academic and government client base later in the year. Our Manufacturing outlook is unchanged on an organic basis. We expect the consolidated operating margin will decline 20 to 50 basis points in 2025, or largely consistent with our prior outlook of modestly lower. I will now provide details on the nonoperating items that benefited our first quarter performance versus the prior year. Unallocated corporate costs totaled $52.4 million in the first quarter, or 5.3% of revenue, compared to 6.2% of revenue last year. The decrease was primarily due to the benefits of cost savings actions. For the full year, we expect unallocated corporate costs will be in the range of 5% to 5.5% of total revenue. The non-GAAP tax rate in the first quarter was 22.7%, representing a decrease of 60 basis points year-over-year. The first quarter tax rate was slightly favorable to our prior outlook, due primarily to the timing of the enactment of certain global minimum taxes, as well as higher R&D tax credits. For the full year, we continue to expect our non-GAAP tax rate will be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%, consistent with our prior outlook. I'd like to briefly address the recent headlines around tariffs. Based on the current universal tariffs in place as of May 7, we expect a limited direct impact on an annual basis principally related to NHP supply and other study-related items, and we plan to offset most of these estimated tariffs by passing along the higher costs. This has been factored in our current guidance. Total adjusted net interest expense was $26.5 million in the first quarter, essentially unchanged sequentially. For the full year, we expect total net interest expense will be at the lower end of our prior outlook of $112 million to $117 million. At the end of the first quarter, we had outstanding debt of $2.5 billion, with approximately 60% at a fixed interest rate compared to $2.2 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. As a result of the higher debt at the end of the first quarter, gross leverage increased to 2.5x and net leverage increased to 2.4x. The sequential increases in debt and the leverage ratios were primarily attributable to the short-term borrowings for stock repurchases, which we expect to largely repay through our cash flow over the course of the year. A summary of our 2025 financial guidance can be found on Slide 40. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect reported and organic revenue will decline at a low to mid-single-digit rate year-over-year. Earnings per share are expected to improve nicely from the first quarter level with a mid- to high single-digit sequential increase over the $2.34. In summary, we were pleased that our financial performance in the first quarter benefited from the disciplined implementation of the cost-saving initiatives that we undertook, and we'll remain focused on continuing to evaluate additional opportunities to drive future savings and operating efficiencies. These actions are important not only to align our operations with current demand and to protect the operating margin, but also as a means to allow us to continue to invest in our businesses. We are committed to being at the forefront of scientific innovation, particularly as the industry continues to evolve. Our strategic investments and scientific expertise will position us to actively shape the changing regulatory landscape, while maintaining the highest standards of safety and efficacy. We will also evaluate all opportunities to unlock value with the support of our new and continuing Board members and Elliott Investment Management. We're proud of the foundation we've built, and we are energized by the opportunities ahead. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Max Smock with William Blair.
Max Smock: Maybe just starting off with the FDA guidance. And really on the news yesterday. I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on whether some of the mixed messaging from the FDA will prevent drug developers from really leaning into the guidance about reducing animal testing? I mean on one hand, there's been a lot of talk about improving the drug development process, making it easier to bring drugs to market. But then yesterday, we had the announcement of Dr. Prasad as Head of CBER, which -- the feedback we got was basically that, that sends a conflicting message based on some of his past comments. So based on your conversations with pharma, in particular, could this be more like what we saw with the FDA Modernization 2.0 Act, where it didn't really lead to any real changes? Or is this more real to you?
Jim Foster: Really interesting way you phrased that. It's difficult to predict. There's lots of changes at the FDA that, obviously, everybody has different opinions on the impact of those. A lot of -- there are less people, and there's new leadership. So it's difficult to judge where that is all going. I guess we would just say that this is really not new, this initiative. This has been going on for a significant amount of time. We and others have been participating in the development of NAMs. I think their focus on monoclonal antibodies is probably an intelligent place to test this and do a pilot. We're excited about the opportunity, however this develops, to be -- to lead the charge and sort of get our clients sync with the regulatory agencies, both in this country and in other places. So the fact that we all would like to see -- continue to refine it and reductions in utilization of research models, which has been going on for a significant amount of time. That will continue, but the science will be the principal driver of all of this. A lot of validation will be required, and we're going to play a key role in the validation. So I think your question is really around the pace and the cadence of this. Really, really difficult to say. I think if there were no changes in the FDA in terms of staffing or leadership, the validation methodology is significant and will take a meaningful amount of time, probably a little bit less with monoclonal antibodies, longer-term, NHP monoclonal antibody studies, which is where they started, and that's going to be sort of a proof of principle. So there'll be some development, and we will participate sort of regardless of what's going on at the FDA.
Max Smock: Got it. Makes sense. Super helpful commentary. Maybe just following up, and I appreciate the detail you shared during the call around how alternative approaches are being used today. A lot of the inbounds we've gotten have been around biosimulation, in particular, PBPK and QSP. Just wondering if you can provide some more detail around how each of those offerings are being used currently and why they aren't being used more frequently already in preclinical? And then what you view as kind of the biggest hurdle before adoption of those biosimulation approaches moving forward?
Jim Foster: I mean, a lot of those technologies are used successfully early on in drug discovery more than safety because you're looking for a single answer with something that you're questioning or prosecuting or developing. And by the way, I'd say that most of the drug companies, certainly, the large ones have their own proprietary technologies, and we've been using those for long periods of time and certainly not sharing them with others. To move this into a regulated tox and be looking at the systemic reaction of a drug and the multi-organ reaction of a drug is really complicated science. And so trying to simulate things that happen inside of the human body as opposed to actually using a whole animal system to actually see how it works inside of a living mammalian system is quite different, and that's a huge leap of faith. So I think it's going to be a slow build. Some of those technologies are going to be beneficial. Some won't at all. Some of them will be beneficial to discovery and maybe not to safety. And I think that continued investment by us and others, and as I said, in a proprietary nature by our clients is necessary and important. But in the final analysis, the FDA and all the other regulatory agencies are principally concerned about ensuring the safety of patients who take these drugs, and they're not going to cut any corners to do that, even with what looks like exciting technology. So it's going to be a slow continual build.
Operator: Our next question will come from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I guess I'll stick with the same general line of questioning from Max. I'm curious on NAMs, you list upwards of a dozen areas of investment, things that you've been doing, $200 million of annualized revenue broadly defined. Where does Charles River -- where do you feel you stand out the most, where you're truly an industry thought leader, have maybe higher share versus competitors? And then what areas do you feel you're underrepresented in today, but might step up investment? And I guess part C of that is, are you in a position or willing to interested in doing additional M&A to further supplement or complement what you're doing in the NAMs category?
Jim Foster: So I'm going to start with the last piece, Eric, because it's an interesting history lesson. So we bought our Microbial business almost 30 years ago as the only FDA-approved alternative to using research models. And it's been a very successful business for us, as you know. And we assumed and presumed that by now, 30 years later, we would have made, I don't know, dozens of acquisitions in this space, just because of the trajectory of new science and the necessity to be more sophisticated and have additional refinements. And we see, I don't know, a dozen or so companies annually who come to us and you may have heard me say this before and say, we have a new technology that comes out of some August academic institution or the government and you bet a bias Charles River because we're going to -- this technology is going to put you out of business. It's usually the way the conversation starts. And the technologies always look interesting. But they're not practical, and they're not consistent, and they're not validatable and they're certainly not replacements for whole animal systems or even anything that could be augmented. So there are a few companies out there that we look at periodically, some that we've spoken to recently and not just because of this FDA thing. And so I would say as a general proposition, we're quite interested in licensing or acquiring technologies that really work, really help accelerate drug development and don't cut any corners and risk patient safety. So very much committed to that. And we've done a whole host of things. We have bought some companies. We have a company called Retrogenix that has a cell microarray technology looking for off-target effects. And off-target effects are things that are really, really important to find. We launched the pilot program to use virtual control groups instead of whole animals in some of our toxicology studies. We have a collaborative deal going which pairs a company's AI technology with our traditional methods to see whether we can accelerate helping our clients sign lead compounds. And we've had a couple of AI deals previously that didn't pan out very well. We'll certainly continue to look at those. We also think that there's a way -- and we started this probably 15 years ago, and our clients were not really -- our clients had some problems with this, but we have years and years of toxicology data from thousands of clients. And we would like to use that on an anonymized basis, in other words, not indicating what the client is or what the drug was, but helping to design more predictive preclinical trials. So I think that that's something that we will lead -- can lead and will lead, I think we have the best technology doing that. I think that's underrepresented to go back to your question. So we have a stated commitment. We have an Alternative Methods Advancement project. We have a Board committee that's focused on this. We have a bunch of KOLs that we bring in periodically to say, okay, what's the nature of the science, what's the best technology out there, what's practical, what's beneficial, what should we have in our portfolio. And we will continue to do that thoughtfully. We will continue to spend money doing that without being wasteful. And again, first and foremost, we will continue to be all about the science and not in any way cause our clients to be risking patient safety.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I have two questions. My first question, maybe to continue on a theme is just -- in the short term, as you talk to customers since this FDA announcement, are they taking any actions like specifically now that they're starting to get more -- change their study procedures, et cetera? Or are they still sort of in digestion mode on this? And then my second question, just as sort of we look at the strength in the bookings in the first quarter, that was nice to see. Were there any onetiming items just in terms of are you still seeing sort of continue -- would you characterize that you're still seeing sort of a continued environment into the second quarter?
Jim Foster: So I think that our customers were pleased with the general tone of the FDA's pronouncement, albeit pretty dramatic from a headline point of view, that they want to participate in additional technologies and methodologies to accelerate getting the drugs to market, maybe reduce the cost and maybe have more sophisticated technologies. And as I said, a lot of them, I think, have their own technologies. I don't think we're going to see any sort of dramatic change in the methodology for doing safety studies. As you may or may not have read, the FDA's focus on longer-term NHP studies for monoclonal antibodies is something that they have been waiving the necessity to do those longer-term studies for some period of time. So the drug companies are already participating in that. You get much less toxicity signals with monoclonal antibodies, and they tend to lend themselves to this sort of initiative. So that will save the drug companies time and money, and we're certainly happy to participate in that. So I guess they're digesting it, I mean, the pronouncement doesn't fundamentally change anything that they're doing because as I've just said a couple of times with the previous questions, their job is to develop drugs that are effective against certain diseases, but ensure patient safety. So they'll do everything they can to do that. If they can do that partially with new technologies, that's great. We think that longer term, there'll be a hybrid approach where clients will submit animal data and NAMs data at the same time. And the combination of those will answer much of the questions that the FDA and other regulatory agencies have. So as I said, this will be a journey. These new technologies will be beneficial for certain types of drugs, particularly at the moment, monoclonal antibody, it's going to be a lot harder to go after small molecules or other large molecules like cell and gene therapy, there's just much less data around them, and the toxicity issue is much more complex to deal with and you really want to use the whole animal system to see what the multiple organ response is to the drug. So whether it's swallowed or injected. And your second question was about bookings? I think Flavia is going to answer that.
Flavia Pease: Yes. Elizabeth, the strength of bookings in the first quarter was indeed encouraging. It's the first time that net book-to-bill went above 1x for over 2 years. And there was really no onetimer impacting that. It was broadly based. Gross bookings, particularly in large pharma, was strong, but cancellations were down across all client segments. So it's just really operationally strong, although still only 1 quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ann Hynes with Mizuho Securities.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thanks for all the details, very helpful. I guess like when I listened to your presentation, I feel like you don't think that this FDA issue will have a big negative impact on growth. So if I look at your long-term CAGR that you gave pre- this market downturn was 6% to 8% in DSA and RMS, assuming things like none of this market downturn has happened, what do you think, over time, this FDA change would -- how would that impact that kind of long-term growth algorithm for your company? That would be my first question, if at all. And then my second question, can you just comment on pricing? I know pricing has been a pressure, but it's definitely better than maybe what happened during the Great Recession. So can you tell us what happened during that period versus what pricing is doing now? That would be great.
Jim Foster: I think in terms of long-term growth trajectory and the impact of the FDA initiative, we have to spend some time refreshing our long-term growth rate. We've said that for a while. We have to take this new information into consideration with our own assessment, feedback from our clients and experts in the field. We'll have a refreshment of our long-term financial goals, probably when we have an Investor Day and have a comprehensive review and assessment of that. So I would stop short of throwing out numbers at this early date. And do you want to take the pricing question?
Flavia Pease: Sure. So yes, pricing environment improved slightly in the first quarter, driven primarily by mix, especially longer duration specialty studies where we tend to have a little bit more of, let's say, price power or not have to discount as much. So that was encouraging. And when you talk about comparing the price -- the current price environment to the great financial crisis, indeed, very, very different situation. Capacity has been better managed. There's -- outsourcing is more prevalent now. So we're definitely not seeing the severity, I would say, of price pressure, price decline compared to great financial crisis. Although as we said last year, we and others in the industry, as the demand contracted a bit, we had to selectively adjust pricing. So it's obviously not as strong as it had been during sort of COVID dates. But we were pleased that in the first quarter, things were stable from a spot perspective, and that mix helped with our price/mix results.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Ann just asked this, I'm going to try to ask it in a slightly different way. But Flavia, you just walked through some of the history on pricing. I think if I remember your comments from last year correctly that sometime in the earlier part of the year was when pricing demand -- volume demand tended to drop or did drop and the price levels kind of dropped in the spot market. And you described that as kind of stepping down once and then continuing at a plateau. And then that going into the backlog and then that backlog beginning to produce revenue that lapped that lower -- or I guess, lapped the higher pricing, and you started to see lower pricing in the fourth quarter. So I guess what I'm trying to understand, because you had described that as a plateau, a lower plateau that we would see fairly consistently pressured pricing 4Q, 1Q, 2Q and forward. So I wanted to understand why that cadence is fluctuating, number one? And then number two, at SOT, the discussion there really was about another step down in price pressure by all players in the market. And so I just want to make sure I'm understanding or maybe I'm misunderstanding nuance or something like that? But we really did hear from a number of players that the price environment started 2025 more pressured than how it exited 2024. I appreciate comments on that.
Flavia Pease: Sure, Dave. Yes, let me take the second part of your question. So I cannot comment on others. But from our pricing perspective, I would say, as we indicated in our prepared remarks that the spot price is stable in the first quarter sort of compared to how we were exiting last year. And then just more broadly around price, you're correct in how you were interpreting the selective discounting that we started doing last year and how that would matriculate through the backlog and eventually, revenue. I think what was positive and favorable, which may be a little bit of a surprise is the impact of mix, as I said before. So the favorability in the first quarter of price/mix being slightly improved is primarily driven by that mix impact.
David Windley: Got it. And then if I could ask a separate topic. If you could remind us how the NIH funding and academic business, kind of how that funding flows? I think your -- maybe your direct NIH exposure is very, very low, and so maybe the direct risk is not really significant at all. I wonder if you have a clear assessment of how many customers, say, away from NIH are dependent on NIH funding? And I think you've said in the past that, that funding tends to get let out on kind of 3-year rolling basis. And I'm wondering if that provides some protection as it relates to the current NIH proposed cuts.
Jim Foster: We have a couple of percentage points of our revenue directly related to NIH. They're a big client, principally of the Research Model business. We have a lot of long-term contracts. I can't predict what the government will do in terms of interrupting those contracts. Now we would hope not. And these are, in a lot of ways, the production of really specialized animal models for different agencies of NIH. Of course, there's been -- there's a lot of dialogue now about reductions of the NIH. So we would just be speculating. We haven't heard anything, so we don't have any adverse impacts from the government yet. If you look at academic and government U.S., it's probably 20% of the RMS revenue. Again, that's indirect money from the government and other places. Again, we have no indications yet of what the impact might be. As we said, we're being very cautious in terms of our long-term guidance for this year, just assuming that we will have some adverse impacts from that. We also said that since it's already May and nothing has happened yet, that whatever impact we have will probably be in the back half of this year or perhaps next year, but we would just be speculating. So we'll let you all know what actually transpires as opposed to sort of predicting something that hasn't happened yet. And while we're obviously biased, we think that the contracts that we have directly with the government are really important for basic research and a whole bunch of different agencies, and it would be pretty shortsighted for the government to do anything with those, but we'll see.
Flavia Pease: And just to -- I think Jim quoted correctly, NIH Direct is 2% of total company. And then I think he talked about NIH plus academia being about 20% -- North America academia being 20% of RMS. That's about 6% of total revenue, total company, just to clarify.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: I have 2 hopefully quick ones. One on the -- going back to the DSA strength and the bookings activity in the quarter. I just want to dive in a little bit deeper into the improvement you saw in 1Q. You specifically called out studies with quicker start dates reflective of the short-term booking behavior. Just -- I mean, could you expand on that? What do you think exactly drove that? And then just a question on, could that be sustainable for the rest of the year? Could that be a little bit of a pull forward versus 2Q? Just what are the dynamics there with pharma and biotech and DSA bookings?
Jim Foster: You've got clients that were anxious to start studies at a time where we had available capacity. So that worked really well. So quick starts was obviously extremely beneficial to the first quarter DSA results vis-a-vis our guidance. What we've said is we can't anticipate that, that will continue. It would be nice, but that would be -- we don't have any indications that, that will continue. So I would say anything is possible, but that's definitely not our guidance. That -- we think that's a 1 quarter phenomenon. If that continues, we'll obviously let you folks know, but we don't anticipate that. It's a little bit unusual. Again, it's tied to having the capacity. So that's a positive. But we may have used up the people that our large clients that want to start studies relatively quickly. That hasn't been our case for the last few years. It's a little bit unusual. So this is sort of backup work that people wanted to get done quickly. So not guiding to the continuation, I guess, is the punchline of this answer.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. And then for my follow-up, in terms of the changes to the Board and the agreement with Elliott, realize you're just beginning the strategic review, but could you lay out what are the directions you will be looking at, whether -- what are you considering? Is it sale of part of the business divestment, any type of reorg, maybe potential whole company transaction? Just what are the different avenues you're exploring?
Jim Foster: So as you said, it hasn't started. We have a committee of the Board that has always existed, which is a Capital Allocation Committee. We do -- we've done always sort of some of the parts analysis, looked at our whole portfolio, looked at returns on our M&A and see whether we're happy with them. And we talk strategically about things that we should add to the portfolio. So we have the same committee. We have 3 new members. And those are 3 of the 4 new directors that we have, one of whom is actually a senior employee of Elliott. So -- and I'm on that committee and one of our former directors, but it's an opportunity to take a fresh look at the whole portfolio, the competitive dynamic of every business that we're in, where we think we're going, what the proper geographies are, what, if anything, is missing in the portfolio, and what, if anything, do we think is not contributing the way we would like. So it would be premature to sort of guess what the outcome would be. I think we're going to try to be open-minded and flexible and very objective about our decisions. I do think this committee is going to be hard at work evaluating and analyzing the entire company, both where we thought we would be and where we think those businesses are going, and we'll see what -- when we're done with that process, which we hope will be relatively quickly without rushing, we'll obviously let everybody know what our decisions are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: So Jim, I wanted to go back to Mike's first question on the faster study starts. Is that something that you've seen continue through May, number one? Number two, I wasn't sure if you said that, that was isolated to large pharma or that was something that you saw more broadly? And then part 3 of that would just be any change in booking patterns or studies or programs for the large pharma customers? -- the outlook for the year.
Jim Foster: Yes. So tough to predict what they'll be doing. The fast starts was sort of across the board. So clients have had things speed up were excited to get going. Revenue in the first quarter was stronger and up with our smaller biotech clients and down with pharma. Bookings were stronger with pharma. Some of the pharma companies have worked through reduction in their infrastructures and portfolios. And I think a lot of the biotech companies are still struggling a bit with access to capital, having hope to presume that the capital markets will be open this year, and clearly, they're not. So the fast starts is probably a 1 quarter phenomenon, but we'll see how that unfolds. As I said earlier, that's a bit unusual and really just sort of utilization of our excess capacity at the time when these guys had studies to do, but typically not something we see or that we would predict it would continue.
Flavia Pease: And I think just to add, we -- these, let's say, faster study types, even though, again, we don't provide a lot of detail intra-quarter. So what we've seen in Q1 also does give us visibility to the second quarter. So I'd say the quicker starts are going to be affecting both Q1 and Q2, so the first half of the year. I think what Jim correctly said is we're not necessarily counting or assuming that that's going to continue given that current visibility is somewhat shorter, but it's certainly affecting positively the first half.
Justin Bowers: Okay. And then just pivoting a bit, there's been a decent uptick in licensing deals out of China over the last few quarters. And I was just hoping you could help us think through sort of the pushes and pulls on the business, both here and the U.S. and then even locally in China, what are some of the opportunities and maybe threats there from that dynamic?
Jim Foster: I mean, this is a continuing saga by the big drug companies, right, that smaller biotech companies are quite innovative and have become the discovery engines to big pharma. So you've seen lots of licensing and acquisitions of other drugs or entire companies in the U.S. And we're certainly beginning to see an intensification of that out of China. There's a fair amount of investment in biotech companies in China as well. So I think that will continue. I think that's a smart thing for them to do. That doesn't -- neither of those has a particularly significant impact on us, one way or another. We have a research model business in China that continues to do really well, supporting the investment in biotech and big pharma in China. So I think that will continue. And we hope to continue to do work on the preclinical side for the larger companies when they make these acquisitions, whether the targets are Chinese or not. I mean that [indiscernible] I think we get the preponderance of that work since we do so much work for pharma right now and most of the large biotech companies. So that sort of cadence is definitely going to continue by the big drug companies, particularly as they face the impending patent cliff. It's better for them to make that in drugs that are further along than to start from scratch, although they'll do that as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kyle Crews with UBS.
Kyle Crews: Briefly going to the Manufacturing segment, could you discuss what you're seeing within the CDMO and the end market demand within that business and how you view Charles River's current competitive positioning there? And what happened with Biologics Testing in Q1?
Jim Foster: Yes. So Biologics Testing often has a seasonal impact and often a first quarter impact. So difficult to predict. And those -- that work comes in very quickly, almost without warning, and goes out very quickly. And as we said, we're quite confident and positive about the cadence of the Biologics business for the balance of the year. So I think that business will be high. On the CDMO cell therapy manufacturing business, we have a reduction in revenue from a couple of big commercial clients we've talked about significantly previously. I'd say that if you put those aside, the underlying demand is pretty good right now, both on the cell therapy side and on the gene therapy side as well. We have several clients that are in late-stage clinical and a couple that are talking to us about the commercialization of those drugs. We have really strong staff there in a facility that's in great shape. We've developed much more sophisticated capabilities to support the commercial clients, even though our revenue with them is declining. And so we feel -- even though we said that the overarching demand for cell and gene therapy is not what we thought it would be when we first acquired these companies, I think that's just an overarching reality that there's a lot of concern about the safety profile of these drugs and they'll be slow to uptick, slow to get in the market. There's still a lot of them in the preclinical arena and moving into the clinic. So we're working hard on that business. We're committed to growing it. And as I said, the client base is reasonably strong right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Jim, you talked a little bit about some of the trends in the DSA bookings side. Nice to see the book-to-bill over 1x, to your point, for the first time in a couple of years. I guess now that it's over 1x, is the expectation that it kind of stays here? I know you guys don't guide for quarterly book-to-bill. But what's the sense? It sounds like you guys want to remain a little bit cautious with what's going on in the backdrop. But how do you think about just the book-to-bill trends going forward given what you're seeing on the bookings environment and the customer conversations?
Jim Foster: I think we were thrilled by it and we have been anxiously awaiting a point where we got back here. We're also being particularly thoughtful, I think, and cautious about the fact that while we're thrilled with 1 quarter, it's only 1 quarter. And we'd have to see that sustained level for several quarters in a row before we really start to get a fundamental shift in the bookings trend. So we're hopeful that, that will happen.
Patrick Donnelly: And then Flavia, maybe just -- sorry, Jim, go ahead.
Flavia Pease: Go ahead, Patrick.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. Sorry, Flavia. And just on the margin side, I think previously you guys were talking about DSA down a bit this year. How are you thinking about just the moving pieces on the segment margins and the right way to think about the go forward?
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think we're encouraged that the DSA performance in the first quarter started with a strong performance. As I said, we're being -- or Jim just said we're being cautious in the second half. On the other hand, we still predict that manufacturing is going to improve margin throughout the year. It was a little lighter in the first quarter, given the headwinds from CDMO as well as on a relative basis, a little slower start on Biologics Testing. So I think when we think about the margin, I think we took all of you guys' input and tried to finesse for you a little bit and provide specificity on the margin guidance, minus 20 to minus 50 bps versus last year as opposed to modestly, still consistent with the prior guidance. We just tried to tighten it for you a little bit. But overall, we're pleased with the cost saving efforts that we put in place over the last 18 months to help protect the operating margin in the face of demand contraction, and we're going to continue to work hard to protect and enhance margin as much as possible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan.
Casey Woodring: Curious, what your updated expectations are for biotech and DSA this year, just given the weaker funding numbers to start the year? I think you said revenue for biotech clients grew in the quarter, and it seems like cancellations declined, but you said gross bookings were really led by large pharma. So just curious on biotech trends and the forward outlook here? And then on large pharma, how are your conversations going with these customers on potential tariffs and maybe just how you're thinking about that as a risk for this year?
Flavia Pease: Yes. So on the second part of your question, Casey, on tariffs. Obviously, we continue to monitor the news like everybody else. And just yesterday, again, I think the sector was pressured given some indication that maybe tariffs were going to be back on the table. I think in terms of how that is translating to dialogue and activity with our pharma clients, nothing in particular. It's not necessarily impacting their R&D dollars as of now. I think everybody will continue to monitor that and hope that, I would say, good sense prevails and that the tariffs are not implemented, but we obviously can't control that. Tariffs impact directly to our business, as I said in my prepared remarks, is very modest, and we'll pass that small impact along. Jim, do you want to take on biotech trends in large pharma?
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean, it's tough to predict. I mean, the funding situation is not improving for biotech. So I don't think we would anticipate any sort of dramatic change in the demand curve from them. They're going to do everything they can to get as many drugs into the clinic as possible. So they should continue to be an important part of our client base. I think the clients that want high-quality science and some regulatory expertise will continue to primarily use Charles River. I think that's worked really well for us. And we're being very thoughtful with the way we're pricing these studies. So I wouldn't anticipate any fundamental change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Rhyee with TD Cowen.
Charles Rhyee: Maybe I want to ask about DSA in a slightly different way. Just obviously, you mentioned earlier that you're seeing cancellation rates kind of continue to decline here. Can you talk about sort of risks to cancellations maybe ticking back up, given sort of the short time cycles and the quick study starts, it would seem that that's a much lower risk than it has been in the past? And then secondly, any update on -- for CDMO, the FDA's Form 483 would be helpful.
Jim Foster: So cancellation rates -- cancellations are always part of our business, and have been for years and will continue to be. And so it's a normal part of the planning process and changes in priorities with our clients. And so we sort of build that into our business. And that's why we like the meaningful backlogs we can slot in new studies, and there's a penalty for cancellations by the way. I think the fact that cancellations have been coming down nicely for a while now, I think it's well over a year and sort of getting to target levels is really an important indication that the stability from a demand point of view in the market. Obviously, we want to see that business grow again, but we're obviously delighted with the first quarter that the decline was much less than we had guided to and anticipated. So there's a fair amount of work out there, fast study starts, much more complex expensive studies. And since the backlogs are sufficient, but they haven't elongated to the point where there weren't studies associated with the booking slots. We don't see the cancellation rate that we saw. We had a backlog that got up to, I think, 18 months and clients were just canceling and they got to that point because they were just saving the slot without having a corresponding study. So I think we're past all of that, it's a much more measured and thoughtful approach. So again, we want to see that continue, but cancellation rates continue to come down, and that's definitely a positive for us.
Flavia Pease: Then on the FDA CDMO 483, I think that was the second part of your question.
Jim Foster: Yes. So we have had the FDA in there with one of our commercial clients. We have been working really closely with the FDA back and forth to respond to their requests for things that they wanted to see improved. They wanted more information. They wanted more details. I think that's going really well, continues to give us confidence if and when current clients move into a commercial milieu that our facilities will be in good shape to accommodate their needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Jim, a lot has been asked, but I do have a couple of cleanups on the FDA animal testings done. What fraction of MABs typically require these chronic NHP studies and what fraction were getting an FDA waiver? And secondly, just in terms of some of the early conversations you may have had with your customers. Is there a scenario in which pharma might prefer to run animal studies anyway so as to make sure we don't see a spike in Phase I or II failures in human trials down the road?
Jim Foster: Yes. So clients are going to continue to utilize the methodology that ensures patient safety. And so as we said in our prepared remarks, none of the NAMs can substitute for whole animal systems right now. You have this little narrow niche right now, which is longer-term monoclonal antibody studies for chronic studies. And the determination is that there's no need to continue to elongate those. So I think that's a thoughtful and smart thing to do. And as we said in the prepared remarks, they've actually been doing that for a period of time. So this pilot study will probably prove itself out, but they have to do that. So it's a very small proportion. It's about $50 million of our business that's sort of tied up in these longer-term chronic NHP studies for monoclonals and other large molecules and certainly small molecules, any sort of NAM -- fundamental NAMs technologies to be used with or in addition to with -- assuming that ever works, is way off. So this will be very slowly. I mean, the -- I don't know, so the FDA has given the drug companies permission to utilize more of these technologies, but they will take the responsibility upon themselves to ensure patient safety. And so regardless of what the regulatory agencies say either the science works or it doesn't. And that's why we think that hybrid approaches as we go forward will be beneficial. You get the benefit of some NAMs to answer certain questions. And when you're looking at a whole body systemic implications, you have a whole animal system combined with that. So we're pretty confident that that's the way it's going to move. The extent to which technology develops in the future, that could be some sort of substitute having anything is possible, to take considerably long time and validation -- acceptance and validation by the regulatory agencies will be an important underpinning of all of this. And as we said earlier, we'll have a substantial role in leading that and helping our clients get to that point where they're either comfortable with NAMs as additional technologies or not.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the strategic review here. How are you thinking about the time line? I know you mentioned sort of a relatively quick turnaround. But should we expect an update by the time of the next earnings call, for example, or perhaps even sooner? And then one for Flavia. I mean you've done a pretty good job with the cost cuts here. I think 5% -- over 5% of your cost structure has been eliminated. So in the context of the strategic review, are further cost cuts kind of like a lower priority item in your view, given how much work you've already done there? And obviously, you don't want to impair your ability to lean into an eventual sort of robust market recovery here?
Jim Foster: I'll take the first part. So the strategic review, we haven't started yet. We just signed this deal with Elliott. That committee is going to meet often. I don't know exactly what the cadence is yet. And we're going to go really deep in all of our businesses. As I said earlier, in all the markets we're in, what's the competitive dynamic, how is the technology is developing, are we getting the returns on our acquisitions that we wanted, what's the margin profile look like and how do we continue to enhance and improve our portfolio. So that's going to take some time. So I don't know exactly when we'll have the punchline. We're going to move through it as swiftly as possible without rushing. I think it's extremely unlikely we'll have any punchlines by the next earnings call.
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I think just in the cost savings to your point, Tejas, we are pleased with the actions we have taken so far. They were necessary, obviously, given the demand environment. But as I talked earlier in previous earnings calls, some of the savings that we have identified are durable. They're not going to -- we're not going to have to add back staffing for about $75 million of the $225 million. And so I think we'll continue to take a look at opportunities to always be efficient. But to your point, I think we've done a lot on this space already. And so we'll update you all on the strategic review, as Jim said, once that's completed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: [ Hugh Will ] on for Matt here. A lot has been asked, so I'll keep it to one. But within DSA, was the demand environment different between safety assessment and discovery work? It sounds like discovery or earlier stage work was a little weaker, but just want to unpack that?
Jim Foster: Discovery was weaker. And we're doing everything we can. We have a combined sales force selling across Discovery all the way through safety. So we have a much more integrated approach and we're optimistic that we're going to make more progress with our discovery clients. Having said that, we don't think that the large drug companies and certainly the smaller ones haven't swung back to significant amounts of investments in discovery. I think they're still trying to get INDs filed and get this post-IND work into the clinic, and obviously, ultimately into the marketplace so they can fix the impending or protect themselves against the impending patent curve. So at some point, that pendulum will swing back because if they don't invest aggressively in Discovery, they're going to have really lousy portfolios going forward. But yes, we definitely had a weak quarter in Discovery. And hopefully, the enhanced sales focus will improve that. We'll let you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Our next question comes from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Rob Cottrell: This is Rob Cottrell. I wanted to come back to biotech, where you mentioned sales to small and midsized biotechs grew for the second consecutive quarter despite funding challenges. Was that the case across all 3 segments? And then any differences to call out in terms of midsized biotech versus small biotech?
Flavia Pease: Yes. We don't distill that finitely between small, mid- and large-sized biotech. I think we just tried to provide color in terms of large pharma and biotech. So to your point, for the second consecutive quarter, we saw growth there, which was encouraging.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question and answer session. If you want to remove yourself from the queue, simply press star and two. Lastly, if you should require operator assistance, please press star and zero. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings and 2025 Guidance Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, I am joined by James Foster, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2024 as well as our financial guidance for 2025. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's call, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website, at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to James Foster.
James Foster: Thank you, Todd, and good morning. We are pleased to end the year with a fourth-quarter performance that was slightly better than expected, yielding annual revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share higher than the guidance that we issued in November. Before I provide more details on our fourth-quarter results, I will provide an update on the market trends and our 2025 financial guidance. Beginning with an update on the market environment, I can say that our view of biopharmaceutical demand remains consistent with our last update. Overall, DSA demand KPIs, including the net book-to-bill ratio, were stable compared to the third quarter, and we expect similar trends throughout 2025. Many of our global biopharmaceutical clients continue to move forward with their restructuring and pipeline reprioritization activities, which are expected to constrain early-stage spending by many of these clients again in 2025. Small and midsize biotechnology clients continue to benefit from a more favorable funding environment through the end of 2024 compared to the previous two years. We expect biotech demand trends will be stable to slightly improved in 2025 versus last year. These combined trends are expected to result in flattish DSA demand sequentially within 2025. However, we expect steady volume to be at a lower level than in 2024 because many global biopharmaceutical clients reset their budgets in the middle of last year. We are closely monitoring our clients' R&D spending patterns, the funding environment, and interest rates, as well as new biotech company formations, which have slowed over the past couple of years, and believe our expectations for 2025 are appropriately measured. As discussed at a recent investor conference, the primary factors influencing our 2025 outlook are as follows: The first relates to our expectation for a stabilizing DSA demand environment in 2025, as well as an anticipated headwind from lower DSA pricing throughout the year. The second item is lower commercial revenue in the CDMO business, which will reduce consolidated revenue by approximately 1% in 2025. Finally, our site consolidation actions are expected to reduce revenue by an additional 50 basis points this year. The cumulative effect of these factors is expected to result in a revenue decline of 3.5% to 5.5% on an organic basis this year. When including a foreign exchange headwind of over 1%, a reported revenue decline of 4.5% to 7% is expected. We have taken significant action to protect the operating margin and shareholder value, including restructuring initiatives that are expected to yield annualized savings of approximately $225 million in 2026, of which over $175 million will be realized this year. However, we will not be able to fully offset the revenue decline in 2025, particularly in the DSA segment, which is expected to result in a modestly lower consolidated operating margin and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $9.10 to $9.60. Now, I'd like to quickly recap our fourth-quarter and full-year consolidated performance. We reported revenue of $1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024, a 1.8% decline on an organic basis from the previous year. For the year, we reported revenue of $4.05 billion with an organic revenue decrease of 2.8%, driven primarily by lower DSA revenue. Our full-year revenue slightly outperformed the ranges that we provided in November, led by a better-than-expected fourth-quarter performance in the RMS segment and a robust year-end for microbial solutions. Sales to both the global biopharmaceutical and small and midsized biotech client segments declined for the full year, but in the fourth quarter, we were pleased to see revenue from biotech clients return to growth for the first time since the third quarter of 2023. The operating margin increased 80 basis points year over year to 19.9% in the fourth quarter, principally driven by lower unallocated corporate costs and margin expansion in the manufacturing segment. The cost-saving initiatives also helped to limit the margin declines in the DSA and RMS segments. For the full year, the operating margin declined by 40 basis points to 19.9%. The decrease was primarily driven by the DSA segment, as well as higher unallocated corporate costs. Earnings per share were $2.66 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 8.1% from $2.46 in the fourth quarter of 2023. The fourth-quarter operating margin expansion, as well as favorable below-the-line items, including reductions in interest expense, the tax rate, and share count, led to the earnings improvement. For 2024, earnings per share declined by 3.3% to $10.32, due primarily to the lower revenue and operating margin, partially offset by the benefit of cost-saving initiatives. Turning to segment performance, I'll now provide you with additional details on the fourth quarter and each segment's outlook for 2025. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $603.3 million, a decrease of 3.5% on an organic basis. The decline reflected lower study volume as well as slightly lower pricing. As anticipated, safety assessment pricing turned negative in the fourth quarter as the moderating pricing environment during 2024 started to work from backlog into the revenue stream. In the current demand environment, pricing has become a point of discussion with clients, particularly small and midsize biotechs. We have strategically and selectively utilized pricing and other commercial enhancements, including better integration of our DSA sales force, with the goal to gain additional market share and believe the strategy has been successful, as demonstrated by an improved DSA capture rate during 2024. DSA demand KPIs were also stable in the fourth quarter, including the net book-to-bill ratio and cancellation rate. The net book-to-bill remained below one times in the fourth quarter, with global biopharmaceutical and small and midsize biotech client segments in a similar range. This was consistent with the third quarter following the divergence in trends during the second quarter that resulted in revenue to global biopharmaceutical clients taking a step down in the second half of 2024, which will continue to impact 2025. Cancellations also remained at lower levels in the fourth quarter, as they have for most of the past year, and closer to targeted levels. We believe the clients have largely completed the process of canceling lower-priority programs that remained in our backlog, so the key for the DSA segment to return to revenue growth will be a sustained improvement in booking activity, which is not yet evident. For the full year, DSA revenue decreased 6.2% on an organic basis, which was consistent with our expectation in November that DSA revenue would be favorable to our previous outlook of a high single-digit decline. At year-end, the DSA backlog modestly declined to $1.97 billion from $2.12 billion at the end of the third quarter. In 2025, we expect DSA revenue will decline at a mid to high single-digit rate on an organic basis, which will be slightly less favorable than in 2024. We expect that both lower pricing and steady volume will have a similar impact on the 2025 decline. As I mentioned earlier, we expect study volume will be relatively stable sequentially throughout 2025 for the global biopharmaceutical and biotech client segments, but at a lower level than in 2024, due primarily to the softer demand from global biopharmaceutical clients that emerged in the second half of last year. In addition, lower realized DSA pricing will add an incremental headwind in 2025 that was not present in 2024 when realized pricing was essentially flat for the full year. We have not assumed any meaningful improvement in the DSA demand environment during 2025 at this time, so the quarterly gating of DSA revenue dollars should be relatively consistent over the course of the year, aside from a modest seasonal impact in the first quarter. In recent weeks, NHP supply has once again made headlines as a result of a recent proposal at the standing committee meeting of CITES, an international body that oversees the trade of animals, including NHPs, used in biomedical research, to potentially suspend the trade of NHPs from Cambodia. We were very pleased that CITES did not enact a trade suspension at their meeting in early February and postponed the agenda item on this matter until the end of the year. This decision underscores the international community's strong support for a fair, accurate, and science-based review process, providing the necessary time to review the facts and counteract the misinformation being disseminated by other groups. Let me be clear: Charles River firmly believes that any action to restrict the availability of purpose-bred NHPs from Cambodia could have significant and unintended consequences that will impact biomedical research globally. Legally sourced NHPs are critical, regulatory-required models to help ensure human patient safety and advance biologics drug development for the global biopharmaceutical industry. Charles River will continue to work collaboratively with regulatory agencies, government officials, industry trade associations, and our biopharmaceutical clients to promote patient safety and educate our partners about the scientific importance of NHPs, particularly when viable alternatives do not currently exist. With regard to our NHP supply, we will continue to diligently work to diversify and secure our supply chain by procuring NHPs under various supply arrangements outside of Cambodia, including through our controlling interest in NovoPrim in Mauritius. As a reminder, we will be able to utilize an increasing number of Mauritius NHPs in our DSA segment after 2026. In the appendix of our slide presentation today, we have also updated certain key statistics for 2024 that were included in our NHP report last year. DSA operating margin was 24.7% in the fourth quarter, or a 130 basis point decrease from the fourth quarter of 2023, and was 25.7% for the full year of 2024, representing a 180 basis point decline year over year. Both the fourth quarter and full-year declines were primarily driven by lower revenue, which was partially offset by the benefit from cost savings. RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $204.3 million, a decrease of 0.4% on an organic basis. For the year, RMS revenue was essentially flat, with just a 0.1% decline on an organic basis. For both the quarter and the year, lower revenue for research model services, including Cradle, NHP sales in China, and the sales solutions business, was mostly offset by higher sales of small research models in all geographic regions, principally driven by higher pricing. Sales Solutions' 2024 growth rate was impacted by the consolidation of its operations to its largest California site. In 2025, RMS revenue is expected to increase at a low single-digit rate, driven primarily by higher pricing in the North American and European models businesses, improved growth prospects for research model services, including Cradle, and from higher NHP sales to NovoPrim third-party clients. Unit volume for small research models continued to be lower in 2024 due in large part to the softer biopharmaceutical spending environment. However, higher pricing and higher revenue from academic institutions more than offset these unit volume declines. We expect similar trends in 2025, with higher pricing in North America and Europe more than offsetting lower unit volumes. We also expect small models revenue in China to be flattish as the life sciences environment continues to be somewhat challenged. Given the recent news around NIH funding, we will closely monitor the health of our academic and government client base. Our direct exposure to the NIH represents less than 2% of our total revenue, largely related to insourcing solutions contracts. For academia, small research models are critical components to academic research projects and considered direct research costs, but we will monitor what, if any, impact the NIH's new directive to cap indirect costs will have on these clients. Overall, large models are not expected to be a significant contributor to RMS revenue growth this year, as anticipated increases in NovoPrim's third-party NHP revenue will be partially offset by lower NHP revenue in China. Demand for research model services is expected to rebound and become a notable contributor to RMS revenue growth in 2025. Our Cradle business is expected to get back on track as clients increasingly utilize these services to support their complex research efforts and maintenance of genetically modified model colonies. Minor growth of Cradle operations is expected to deliver an improved top-line performance in 2025, primarily driven by new Cradle sites. To limit risk in this tighter budgetary environment, the new sites will either have dedicated or anchor clients. Clients are continuing to view Cradle as an attractive model to access flexible vivarium space without having to invest in internal infrastructure, which provides a powerful value proposition for clients who are looking to reduce costs and preserve capital. The RMS operating margin decreased by 30 basis points year over year to 22.8% in the fourth quarter but increased by 70 basis points to 23.7% in 2024. For the year, the operating margin improvement was primarily due to higher pricing for small research models, cost savings related to our restructuring initiatives, and the favorable revenue mix related to higher sales of NHPs due to the NovoPrim acquisition. We expect similar drivers to contribute to the RMS operating margin in 2025. Manufacturing solutions revenue was $194.9 million in the fourth quarter, a growth rate of 2.1% on an organic basis, and the full-year organic growth rate was 6.8%. The slower fourth-quarter growth rate was primarily driven by lower commercial revenue in the CDMO business, offset by a robust year-end performance for the microbial solutions business. These same drivers will likely result in essentially flat manufacturing revenue in 2025 on an organic basis. Biologics testing benefited in 2024 from certain client projects that will not repeat, which will result in a moderated growth rate in 2025. As mentioned at a recent investor conference, we expect lower revenue from two commercial CDMO clients will reduce consolidated revenue by approximately 1% in 2025 and the manufacturing segment's growth rate by more than 5%. Despite the commercial setbacks, we believe our efforts over the past two years to enhance the CDMO operations have established a solid foundation for this business through investments in facilities, leadership, and scientific expertise. Although demand in the cell and gene sector is not as robust as it was when we acquired the business in 2021, we believe attractive long-term growth opportunities exist, and we have a healthy pipeline of biotech clients with early-stage clinical candidates ready to help move the CDMO business forward. The microbial solutions business reported a strong year-end performance, with solid growth across all three testing platforms: EndoSafe, Celsis, and Accugenix. EndoSafe continued to lead the way with robust growth for testing consumables as well as another strong quarter for instrument placements. We believe that 2024 performance thoroughly demonstrated that demand for microbial products has rebounded and that clients are increasingly utilizing our comprehensive rapid manufacturing quality control testing solutions to enhance their product release testing speed and efficiency. The manufacturing segment's operating margin increased by 330 basis points to 28.7% in the fourth quarter and by 560 basis points to 27.4% for the full year. We were pleased by the operating margin expansion, which was driven by operating leverage from improved demand in the microbial solutions and biologics testing businesses, and our continued focus on generating greater efficiencies across all of our businesses, including CDMO. We believe the manufacturing segment remains on track to reach its goal to return to an operating margin above the 30% level within a couple of years. To conclude, we are currently operating in a challenging biopharmaceutical demand environment with continued constrained client spending, but we believe that demand trends are stabilizing. On the positive side, biotech is trending favorably, and we have not seen signs of further deterioration from our global biopharmaceutical clients. However, we are not forecasting a recovery in 2025. We are taking decisive action to manage the company through the current environment, including appropriately rightsizing our infrastructure and eliminating over 5% of our cost structure. We remain committed to initiatives to generate more revenue, contain costs, and protect shareholder value. To ensure our future success, we continue to make progress on strategic actions in these three main areas: restructuring and other initiatives to manage costs and generate greater efficiency by reducing staffing levels to align with the pace of demand, optimizing our global footprint, and streamlining processes and operations. We have made meaningful progress on this front and continue to selectively evaluate additional opportunities to cut costs and drive efficiency, and now expect to generate approximately $225 million of annualized cost savings from these initiatives. The second area is concentrating on commercial enhancements to promote a client-centric focus and gain additional market share. Our goal is to enhance the client experience and reinforce our role as a flexible and responsive partner to our clients, including through leveraging technologies such as our Apollo platform and our RMS e-commerce initiatives. As I mentioned earlier, our enhancements to our DSA sales force and dynamic pricing strategy have enabled us to gain market share over the past year. Finally, we are taking a balanced approach to capital allocation and regularly revisiting our best uses for capital. We are very pleased that our leverage remains low in the low two times range, and as we have routinely done, we continue to evaluate select M&A candidates. Based on our anticipated capital needs this year, and coupled with our belief that we are currently undervalued, it is an opportune time to allocate most of our free cash flow to stock repurchases in 2025 under a $1 billion authorization. We intend to repurchase approximately $350 million in stock over the next month or two, which exceeds our initial goal of $100 million last year to offset annual dilution from equity awards. We have navigated challenges before, and we believe our strategic actions will enable us to emerge from this paradigm as a stronger, leaner, and more profitable company, and an even more responsive partner for our clients. We have always distinguished ourselves through our exquisite science and preclinical focus, extending our leading position as our client's preferred global nonclinical drug development partner. I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now, Flavia will provide additional details on our financial performance and 2025 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, James, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude a goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2024, amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments, and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency translation. We are pleased with our fourth-quarter financial results, with revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share slightly exceeding our annual outlook. In the face of a challenging demand environment, we have taken decisive actions to navigate these headwinds. Our efforts include aggressive actions to rationalize costs and align our infrastructure with the current demand. As James noted, the restructuring initiatives we implemented are expected to result in approximately $225 million in annualized cost savings in 2026, including over $175 million realized this year, slightly ahead of our prior target as we selectively implemented smaller additional initiatives. The multiyear cost savings program is expected to reduce our cost structure by over 5% through headcount reductions and network rationalization efforts, the majority of which are underway and are on track. To further balance our capital structure, we leveraged our strong cash flow generation to repurchase $100 million in stock in the third quarter of 2024, achieving our goal to offset the annual share count dilution from equity awards. As James mentioned, under the $1 billion board authorization, we intend to increase the level of stock repurchases in 2025 to approximately $350 million. We believe allocating free cash flow to stock repurchases this year will be prudent in light of our low leverage levels and our current valuation, which is certainly depressed because of the current industry headwinds, but also does not ascribe enough value to the favorable long-term growth fundamentals that we expect to again reemerge once the biopharmaceutical industry refocuses on investing in their pipelines. We are particularly pleased with our strong free cash flow generation of $501.6 million in 2024. This achievement reflects the effectiveness of our tightly managed capital expenditures, disciplined working capital management, and the early success of our cost savings initiatives. By maintaining a balanced approach to capital deployment, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to enhancing long-term shareholder value. I will now provide additional details on our 2025 outlook. As James discussed, 2024 reflected a constrained biopharmaceutical spending environment, which is expected to persist into 2025. Therefore, we expect a reported revenue decline of 4.5% to 7%, including the foreign exchange headwind, and 3.5% to 5.5% on an organic basis. FX has become more of a headwind in recent months as the US dollar has strengthened and is now expected to reduce reported revenue by 1% to 1.5%. We have provided additional information on FX rates and our currency exposure in the appendix to our slide presentation. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $9.10 to $9.60. On a segment basis, we have also provided the reported and organic revenue outlook for 2025 on slide 31. In 2025, we expect the consolidated operating margin will be modestly lower from 19.9% in 2024, as the cost savings associated with restructuring initiatives will not fully offset the lower revenue this year. This is particularly true in the DSA segment, for which we expect an operating margin decline. However, there are opportunities for margin expansion in the RMS and manufacturing segments. Unallocated corporate costs in 2025 are expected to be 5% of total revenue. These expenses normalized in the fourth quarter of 2024 to 5.2% of revenue, primarily driven by performance-based bonuses. However, the 40 basis point increase to 5.7% for the full year 2024 was primarily attributable to higher health and fringe-related costs throughout the year. We expect corporate costs to decrease in 2025 because of benefits from cost-saving actions. The non-GAAP tax rate for 2025 is expected to be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%, an increase from 21.3% in 2024. The anticipated increase in the tax rate is principally due to an increase in the global minimum tax, as well as a modest impact related to stock-based compensation. In addition, we have not assumed that discrete tax items which benefited 2024 will repeat. As is typically the case, due to the timing of equity award vesting, the headwind from stock-based compensation will be more pronounced in the first half of the year, including an expected first-quarter tax rate in the mid-twenty percent range. Total adjusted net interest expense in 2025 is expected to be in a range of $112 million to $117 million, compared to $117.7 million last year. The slight decrease will be primarily driven by lower interest rates on floating rate debt. We do expect to borrow during the year to balance the timing of the stock repurchases earlier in the year with the free cash flow that we will generate, but overall, expect debt balances will be similar at the end of 2025. In 2024, we lowered our net interest expense by repaying approximately $400 million in debt, the highest repayment in recent years, bringing our gross and net leverage ratios to 2.2 times at year-end. Additionally, in December, we amended our existing credit agreement to establish a revolver with borrowing capacity of up to $2 billion, reduced from our previous $3 billion facility, due to our lower current leverage and anticipated capital needs. Importantly, we were able to obtain competitive pricing on this new agreement. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had outstanding debt of $2.2 billion, with approximately two-thirds at a fixed interest rate, compared to $2.3 billion at the end of the third quarter. For 2025, we expect free cash flow will be in the range of $350 million, representing a decrease from $501.6 million in 2024. The decrease will be driven by lower earnings and higher working capital to build inventories, particularly for NHPs, and stabilization of receivables after favorable collections in 2024. Capital expenditures for 2025 are expected to be essentially flat from 2024 levels, at approximately 6% of total revenue or about $230 million, with projects primarily related to a mix of maintenance capital and the completion of ongoing projects. This outlook reflects our disciplined approach to aligning capacity and capital investments with client demand and is well below our peak CapEx in recent years of 8.2% of revenue. A summary of our 2025 financial guidance can be found on slide 37. With regard to the first quarter of 2025, we expect revenue will decline at a mid-single-digit rate on an organic basis and at a mid to high single-digit decline on a reported basis, due to several factors, including first-quarter seasonality in the DSA and Biologics Testing businesses, as well as a modest headwind from the timing of NHP shipments. From an earnings perspective, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share of at least $2 in the first quarter. The decline from the fourth quarter will be primarily driven by lower operating margin due in part to the seasonal business trends and the timing of NHP shipments. As I mentioned, we expect a meaningfully higher tax rate in the mid-twenty percent range, reflecting a headwind from stock-based compensation. Unallocated corporate costs will also remain slightly above 5% of revenue in the first quarter. We expect revenue and operating margin will improve after the first quarter, principally as we move beyond the seasonal trends at the beginning of the year. In conclusion, we are confident in our ability to emerge from this period of softer demand as a stronger, more agile organization. Our decisive actions, including aggressive cost optimization initiatives, stock repurchases, and a disciplined approach to capital management, demonstrate our commitment to enhancing shareholder value. We believe our leaner infrastructure will position us well to capitalize on new business opportunities when they emerge and drive sustainable, profitable growth in the future. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our conference. We will now take questions.
Operator: And now to our phone audience. If you would like to ask a question, please press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to remove yourself from the queue, press the pound key. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Excuse me. Good morning, and thank you so much for the question. I just had a question about your bookings. Given the backlog number that you guys had in the fourth quarter, it seems like maybe the book-to-bill, at least on my math, has taken a bit of a step down sequentially. I just wanted to understand, like, if you look at it on the current quarter basis, so I just want to understand if there's timing. Obviously, on a TTM basis, it's more stable. So one, could you confirm my math? And then, how are you seeing things in the first quarter and sort of can you talk a little bit more about your sort of trending expectations in that regard as we move through 2025? Thank you so much.
Flavia Pease: Elizabeth, I can maybe start just with your question on the net book-to-bill. Actually, the fourth quarter, both gross and net book-to-bill was sequentially, essentially, stable. There was no deterioration or improvement either. So we were pleased that after the second quarter decline that we saw, especially with our global accounts, we had a bounce back in the third quarter and then stayed flat in the fourth quarter.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Thank you.
James Foster: Yeah. So, Elizabeth, for the first quarter, which is typically softer for us, we anticipate some seasonality in DSA and Biologics. And that half of the year will see stronger sales for NovoPrim for NHPs. We feel that biopharmaceutical client demand has stabilized and that biotech demand has stabilized to be slightly up. So we do not anticipate any further deterioration in demand from a volume point of view. We will have a little bit of a step down on price in DSA though. And that first-quarter trend that I just talked about is embedded in our guidance.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Sykes at Goldman Sachs.
Matt Sykes: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just in RMS, I know you quantified the direct NIH exposure at less than 2%. Could you just talk about academic as a whole, including NIH, what that is in terms of percentage of RMS? And what are you seeing in real-time from that customer base in terms of the metrics that you're observing or feedback that you're getting, just given all the uncertainty in that segment?
James Foster: Yeah. So I do not think we are seeing much or hearing much yet. It is fair enough to speculate about what such an indirect cost recovery support there will actually be. Assuming that things are as anticipated, as you say, it's about 2% of total revenue. Academic and government are about 40% of RMS. A lot of that is related to government contracts with the academic impact of that will be much less. Let's say over the entire company, even though most of it's in RMS, academic and government are about 10%, and if you peel that back, a bunch of it's outside of the US, a bunch of that is in academic institutions, and a relatively small amount is government-related. So we'll have to see what impact, if any, that will have, particularly with long-term contracts for things like producing animals for certain institutes at NIH. Anything's possible, but that would be pretty disruptive to the researchers. So we feel that given the relatively small percentage of revenue that's associated with that, we should be fine.
Matt Sykes: Got it. And then just on sort of large pharma demand, I mean, you've been calling that out as an area of weakness. As you think about sort of the reprioritization cost-cutting cycle that we've been through, you kinda mentioned we're maybe towards the end, but no view on terms of recovery. But are you expecting any sort of improvement to that dynamic in the second half of 2025, or should we be thinking more about 2026 in terms of recovery from that customer segment?
James Foster: Yeah. So in 2024, we just assumed that things get better in the back half of the year, you know, for a whole bunch of reasons. We talked about capital markets opening up and this reprioritization stuff being over, and assuming that things are gonna get better is not a great strategy. So all we can do is have guidance based on conversations with clients. Now we're dealing with every big pharmaceutical company in the world. They're reprioritizing their pipelines and restructuring their infrastructures to deal with the patent pending patent cliffs, etc. And, you know, depending on who you talk to, much of that has been done, and there's still a fair amount still to be done. And, you know, it's impossible for us to predict what that will be and when that will be concluded, except for what the clients tell us. So we would anticipate that while things have stabilized and while we do not anticipate things would get worse or deteriorate further, pharma would be pretty much consistent for the balance of the year. And the biotech is more stable and would be slightly improving throughout the year. That depends very much on capital markets. They have some several IPOs that have gotten and priced well, so that's encouraging. There's been some really good inflows into venture capital firms. That's encouraging as well. While there definitely has been some reprioritization for the biotech companies, they do not have the same sort of large infrastructures to reduce. And they do not do anything internally, so they very much need us and other companies like us. So we anticipate kind of consistent revenue throughout the year. A little bit of a step down in DSA over 2024 because of the pricing headwinds. And if it's better than that, that will be terrific, but we do not have any indications now that would cause us to guide differently.
Matt Sykes: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tejas Savant at Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning. And thanks for the time here. Maybe one for you, Flavia. On the CDMO business, just a couple of housekeeping items for me. Any cancellation payment benefit in the fourth quarter? Do you expect one to come through in 2025? And then what can you do to cushion the margin impact on the segment from underutilization? I think I heard you mention that there are opportunities for operating margin and manufacturing to actually grow year over year in 2025.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. Hi, Tejas. Thanks for the question. And I'll take the latter part first. You're correct. We are forecasting margin expansion for the manufacturing segment. Margins will be challenged in the CDMO business, as you pointed out, given the loss of those commercial clients, but we're taking actions there to right-size our infrastructure and staffing to the lower sales. And then in addition to that, the other two businesses within manufacturing are gonna continue to do well and perform well. We saw, as James mentioned in his prepared remarks, a very strong finish for the microbial business, which will continue to help with margin expansion. Going back to your first question, there are some contractual obligations that we will benefit from. Those are embedded in the 2025 guidance that we provided for the segment.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then one for you, James, on the CITES decision to defer the decision on the Cambodian NHP trade. I was just curious as to whether there's any step you can take proactively over the next twelve months to further de-risk your supply chain there, perhaps increasing sourcing from other countries in Southeast Asia. Or is it basically NovoPrim ramping in that 2026 plus time frame that's the real meaningful offset for any Cambodian supply disruptions here?
James Foster: We will do everything we can as we always have, by the way, even without potential disruption. We might have to decide if it's to source NHPs from multiple geographies and multiple providers, some of which we have long-term contracts, some of which we buy on markets, some of which we have an ownership position like in Mauritius. So we will do everything we can to protect ourselves in the eventuality that that doesn't go well. Obviously, we and the rest of the scientific community will provide valid and valuable scientific input to the CITES folks to make the decision, to underscore the criticality of these animals for drug development, particularly for large molecules around the world, given the fact that there are no general alternatives. So we're cautiously optimistic that that will go well. If it doesn't, we will use multiple sources of supply to satisfy the needs of our clients.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Thanks for the color, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Dave Windley at Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi. James, you've commented in your remarks about your expectations for demand throughout 2025 and then also commented about pharma continuing its restructuring. You may have seen in a couple of surveys we've done recently where a number of large pharma respondents talk about expecting kind of a second round of restructuring. And so my question to you is how much visibility are clients able to give you on that type of thing? For example, if there's another restructuring coming, and the internal people seem to know about it, are they sharing that with you such that you're able to incorporate that in your expectations? And then kind of relatedly, your thoughts about 2025 as far out as the end of the year, is that based on this type of conversation, or are you just having to take a conservative posture given limited visibility? Thanks.
James Foster: Dave, we're staying as we always do, as close to our clients as possible. We have long-term, very senior relationships with folks at pretty much every drug company. They depend heavily on us for a whole range of things. Many of them buy across our entire portfolio. Is there another shoe to drop? We're not hearing that. I suppose anything is possible. Some of them have told us that they're dying to move away from this and will be spending more. Some of them have announced that in terms of their overall R&D expenditures, but we do anticipate that some of that is not over yet. So, I think we have as good visibility as we possibly can have. They're very much dependent on us doing the work for them, so they need to get out ahead of that in terms of communicating with us in terms of how much work they anticipate having us do or not do. And when they get done with their infrastructure reductions, it's likely that they want to crank things up meaningfully. We're looking for getting back to IND filings or maybe discovery spending. So I do think it's incumbent upon them to keep us well informed. As I said earlier, we're just not gonna make any overall assumptions on what's gonna happen aside from what they tell us is going to happen. And so all we can do is stay in very close communication with them, which we do constantly. And so we anticipate that things won't deteriorate further. Things will be stable there. Even if some have a second round, some of them will be out of that and will be moving forward. So it should be a decent offset.
Dave Windley: If I could ask a quick follow-up. In the deck, around DSA and pricing, you highlighted that in the current environment, pricing has become a topic of discussion. I wanted to clarify whether that was, you know, in the current environment part of that is, is that kind of an extension of what you have been telling us, or is this a signal that pricing is, you know, the kind of the pricing demands from clients are intensive? Thanks.
James Foster: Yeah. No. It's a continuation. With the biotech guys that have, you know, where access to capital is difficult and even a big fund with companies who have been reducing their infrastructure, they have been more price-sensitive. And, of course, as we've reported, multiple particularly in the safety assessment business that compete with us primarily on price. So price becomes both an issue and an opportunity for our clients. As we've also said, we both strategically and selectively will utilize reduction in our own prices to either preserve or garner new share. We don't go to the point of matching our competition because those price points, we feel, would be too low given the complexity of the studies and the cost of the studies that we're doing. So it's an issue. The work that we've done to continue to lean out our infrastructure, which I think we've done a really good job at, allows us to be slightly more aggressive with our pricing if our cost structure is lower and still be able to protect margins as well as possible. So a continuation of kind of the dialogue that we saw last year. I don't think that's a new intensive now with regard to price.
Dave Windley: Got it. Appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ann Hynes at Mizuho.
Ann Hynes: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question. What do you think is different about this downturn versus other downturns? And do you think the recovery from this downturn would be different? I guess what I'm trying to get at is you gave long-term growth rates, you know, right before the industry sort of declined. Do you think those growth rates will be intact post a recovery from this downturn, or do you think there's a structural shift in the growth of any of your business lines? Thanks.
James Foster: Yeah. So I don't think this downturn is like the last time we had a situation like this, it was after the economic meltdown in '08. So we had a tough time in '09, '10, '11, and '12. During that period, things were fundamentally different from a marketplace point of view. Number one, many of our competitors we now own, so I think we have a bigger infrastructure. I'm talking principally about safety assessment. There were a modest amount of biotech companies. Now there are hundreds, if not thousands. So many more companies need our capability. And in those days, the big pharma companies were doing a lot more work internally, and that's changed fundamentally. We also, we and all of our competitors have built a lot of space, and we were really swimming in excess capacity, which I think allows the clients to really push pricing way down and margins down as well. So the situation isn't, I mean, everything that I just said is different. There are thousands of biotech companies. Pharma is much leaner. We have, I would say our capacity utilization isn't optimal and isn't where we would like it to be, but it's not nearly in the position that we were in previously. So the thing that's similar is these clients are approaching a patent cliff, and that's somewhat circular. I mean, that's probably, you know, every decade or so we see patent cliffs happening. This one's pretty profound because there's a lot of very expensive drugs out there. But we do think that there's a necessity for all of our clients, both large and small, to get back to work as soon as they feel comfortable doing that from an affordability point of view. The host of drug modalities right now that treat really tough diseases is the best maybe it's ever been. And there's definitely a lot of drugs that have not been pursued. So they're either parked somewhere or they may be parked before the IND phase. So we're not seeing that as well. So, you know, we can't predict exactly what the recovery will be, but it feels like a fundamentally different situation than the last time. And it feels like there's a significant amount of pent-up demand and need on our client's part to develop these drugs, as I said, which are very powerful and meeting unmet medical needs.
Ann Hynes: Great. And just as a follow-up, I believe you said in 2025, you're assuming some growth in biotech. Can you just elaborate how much growth? And what gives you confidence in that growth?
James Foster: I mean, just so we're being, we began to see it tick up a little bit in the fourth quarter, and it feels more stable than the big pharma folks. And as I said, everything that they do is outsourced. So given the both current and anticipated inflows from the capital market, and into the venture firms, you know, we anticipate an improvement, but modest. You know, a modest improvement. So, you know, that's embedded in our guidance. And the modest improvement will not be sufficient to offset the situation from the big pharma companies who will be pretty much stable, but definitely not increasing.
Ann Hynes: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Bowers at Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just pivoting back to DSA. One clarification on Liz's question. With the bookings being stable sequentially, is that in terms of, like, the nominal bookings and net bookings or just on the book-to-bill? And then part two of this is can you just help us understand some of the underlying dynamics in DSA? You've discussed a fairly stable demand environment from the second half of the year. Stability in global, modest improvement in biotech. But it looks like, you know, organic is down mid-single to high single in 2025. So is that delta price or mix or discovery? Just sort of help us peel the onion back a little bit there.
James Foster: Let me just take the back half of the question, and then Flavia can take the beginning of it. So it will be down similar range to last year, slightly more. Last year, the decline was principally volume. And this year, it's gonna be sort of half price and half volume. So the price is coming through the backlog as work comes out of the backlog, and we actually do it. We have prices that were lower than previously. The good news about that is that we anticipated the volume decline to be lower than it was the prior year, so that's a good thing. But we do have a pricing headwind, which we should move through for the balance of the year. I'll let Flavia answer the book-to-bill questions.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. Justin, I was talking about gross and net book-to-bill in my earlier comments about stability sequentially in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
Justin Bowers: Okay. And maybe just one more follow-up on pricing. If we're looking at the environment now, and call it 1Q, is it stable versus 4Q or any changes either direction with respect to price in DSA?
Flavia Pease: I can take that, James. Yeah. I think prices are stable. I think that's the clarification to Dave Windley's question that James provided additional color when we said the continuation of the environment. We started seeing some pricing headwinds in terms of the bookings we were taking as early as last year, and we have signaled throughout 2024 about that selective pricing, selective discounting that we were conducting, and that is now materializing in a price headwind in 2025. But we're not seeing a continuation of erosion of pricing of what we are booking in 2025 towards the later part of 2025 or 2026, if that makes sense. So spot prices I'd say, flattish to the end of the year.
Justin Bowers: Understood. That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll hear next from Charles Rhee at TD Cowen.
Lucas Sergott: Hi. This is Lucas on for Charles Rhee. Wanted to dig deeper into the manufacturing segment and the opportunities you see for margin expansion. I understand that you guys are expecting margins to improve in 2025 here, driven by growth in microbial solutions. You also called out rightsizing actions in the CDMO business and potential received payments from clients who terminated their arrangements. Should we think about those two items as the opportunities to see improved margins, or are there other items that you guys expect to benefit within the segment?
Flavia Pease: James, I can take that if you want since I was answering the question about the manufacturing solutions margin expansion. So, Lucas, all the items that you relayed. In addition to that, we've been looking at rightsizing our staffing across the entire company all throughout last year. And the $225 million of cost savings that will annualize fully by 2026, but $175 million of that will be in 2025, benefit all segments and all businesses within each of the segments. Right? So biologics testing, microbial, and CDMO all had actions in the works. And then as I mentioned, we further enhanced the restructurings in CDMO given the loss of those two commercial clients. So the focus on margin protection has been the case throughout all of last year, and it's gonna impact all businesses.
Lucas Sergott: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up, in your guys' 10-K filing, it noted that one of your clients received a complete response letter from the FDA. Can you clarify whether this was one of the clients, the two clients that you discussed at JPMorgan, or if this is a new client, the filing for which took place in January 2025?
James Foster: It's one of the two clients we talked about at JPMorgan.
Lucas Sergott: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Ryskin at Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question. First, I want to just dig in a little bit on margins for next year. I think you generally just said modestly down margins for 2025 versus 2024. Wanna make sure my math is right. Once I go through the model, sort of add in the share buyback and some of the other non-GAAP items, I'm getting, you know, pretty close to down a hundred bps, something in that ballpark. Is that right, or is it mostly more in there, like, ten, twenty bps year over year?
Flavia Pease: James, I can take that. I think, Mike, we're gonna let each of you interpret what we mean by modestly below and update your models accordingly. I know you would rather have more quantitative guidance than qualitative. But, at this point, we're gonna stick with how we provided that color.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Sure. And then a quick follow-up then. You touched on pricing a couple of times. I appreciate your comments on sort of stable price and the answer you gave just a couple of questions ago in terms of how price works through the backlog impact on 2025. That all makes sense. But I just kinda wanna take a step back and see how you think about pricing relative to just historical levels. There's been a lot of price taken over the last couple of years. Obviously, you're seeing that as a headwind flow through now. But maybe sort of ignoring the week-to-week, month-to-month trends of is there pricing stability or not. Do you feel like in general for your business and maybe for the market overall, prices are at a healthy level? I guess, put in other words, could we be seeing something where you get some stability for a few quarters and then another reset or at least maybe stability for a few quarters, but you just don't have pricing power for several years because it is still a little bit on the more expensive side relative to historicals. Just kinda wanna take a step back and take a bigger view of the price question.
James Foster: I mean, it's tough to predict except this is a certainty that this cross that we're in is pulled back. The biotechs relative to finding and the big guys relative to getting their infrastructures in good state is transitory. For sure. And if you look at our safety assessment business, just as an example, given that it's such a large business and so impactful, it's just a classic supply-demand quotient. And so as the demand rebuilds, as more drugs, more INDs are filed and pipelines get robust again and space gets tight again, which it has for years, most recently in 2021 and 2022, and will again, we think, for a meaningful amount of time, we'll have a meaningful amount of pricing power. Number one, price will be less of an issue for our clients, and getting access to capacity and in a timely fashion will be paramount to them, which, as I said, which we saw for years. So that's inevitable, and that will be coming back. We get price in the research model business every year, so it's seventy-six years, and will again in 2025. And we get price in other businesses with this rate to be in, microbial, in particular. And so it's a very pure supply-demand quotient.
Flavia Pease: And, Mike, just to come back to your question, as I said, I'm not gonna provide quantitative additional color, but just if helpful. For 2024, where we just finished the year, we had said that margins were gonna go down modestly, and they ended up going down 40 bps. So if that's helpful as you think about what our modestly moderately means, you know, just to provide some qualitative color.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Max Smock at William Blair.
Max Smock: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Let me just a quick one for me here. Was a little bit surprised by the impairment for the biologics test business. I think over the last couple of quarters, you've talked about seeing a continued rebound in that subsegment. It seems like things are going well. I know you touched on it a bit during the call, but can you just walk through the issues facing that business and how you're thinking about growth there from that subsegment in 2025? And then longer term, whether there's been a material change in how you're thinking about the long-term potential for that business, which I think going back to the analyst day you pointed to as being a high single-digit or maybe even ten percent grower longer term. Thank you.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. I can take the question on the goodwill impairment. So we obviously do a goodwill assessment of all of our segments annually. And in this case, the CDMO business is part of the segment where the goodwill charge was recorded. So as you can imagine, the loss of the two commercial clients in addition to perhaps a lower level of growth in those businesses versus what we had assumed at the time of acquisition were the primary drivers of the impairment. So while there's still good growth potential, especially with cell and gene therapy, once the market rebounds, it is at a lower level versus what we had assumed at the time of acquisition, and the loss of those two commercial clients put additional pressure. Does that help?
Max Smock: Yeah. And sorry. Maybe I misunderstood. Was there an impairment related to the sounds like the impairment was entirely related to the CDMO business. I maybe misinterpreted your comments around it being related more towards the testing business itself, which again, I think has been one of the better-performing subsegments in your broader manufacturing business over the last couple of quarters.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. The goodwill for the CDMO business is combined with biologics testing in terms of how the segment is tested. And so I would say you think about what triggered that is mostly driven by the CDMO adjustment, not the biologics testing.
Max Smock: Got it. Thank you. It's helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jacob Johnson at Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I've got two on CDMO that I'll just ask in combination. One, just clarification. Flavia, you mentioned maybe there's some contractual arrangements or around the loss of these commercial customers. Is that something that's contemplated in guidance? Is that something that is contemplated in the 1% headwind from the loss of those customers? And then the second question just has the loss of these commercial customers and you disclosed the 43 in the 10-K, has that impacted business development activities? You know, I think commercial therapy support is a good selling point. Has the loss of these customers made things more difficult? Thanks.
James Foster: I just wanted to take a second to quickly, which is that obviously, we're not thrilled with the loss of our largest commercial customer. And the second one, I would say, we would describe that more as reduced revenue rather than a loss. But anyway, yeah. So I do think that having those clients has been helpful and beneficial to our sales effort. By the same token, we have a fair number of clients that we have and continue to get many who are in the clinical phase and some in the late clinical phase. So we should continue to see significant demand. I think that business is actually very well run right now and very well staffed, and capabilities have been enhanced significantly. And clients are really in need of high-quality providers. So I don't think it's helpful, but I think that we're gonna continue to get business notwithstanding the loss of those clients.
Flavia Pease: And, Jacob, just to confirm, the contractual obligations that we have with one of those clients is contemplated in the guidance and embedded and included in the 100 basis points of headwind that we talked about.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Patrick Donnelly at Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Flavia, maybe one more. Just on the book-to-bill, I guess with the $150 million step down in the backlog, I was getting closer to kind of a 0.75 book-to-bill, which would have been down from the low 0.9 range last quarter. I know you're saying it's flat sequentially. So what am I missing? Is it FX or something in there? I'm just trying to figure out that book-to-bill comment. If you could provide a little more color.
Flavia Pease: I won't provide additional quantitative commentary other than to say, you know, the math is, it's like very flat quarter over quarter. So don't know if FX is playing an impact in your model or, you know, remember you have denominator and denominator and you have the bookings, but also the revenue outlook that plays into it. So, you know, it's flat. Both gross and net book-to-bill Q4 versus Q3.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Alright. Take a look at that. And then, you know, James, maybe one for you. Just to talk about the DSA margin outlook going forward. You certainly understand this year, you have the pressure on the price and the revenue up to down the high single margin that went down with it. You talked a little bit about the manufacturing long-term margin. Can you talk about DSA as we go forward here? You think about the margin trajectory, certainly a question we get a lot about where this goes over the next few years. Continue to contract or their past higher years and there's a recovery. Can you just talk about, I guess, the moving pieces inside DSA? And then you talked a little bit about the pricing environment forward. But curious how you think about that margin trajectory over multiple years in DSA. Thank you, guys.
James Foster: We definitely don't think it'll continue to contract. So you got two issues. One is three issues, really. One is significant leaning out of the infrastructure there, I think we've done a really good job at this year, both in terms of physical capacity and human capacity as well. We coupled with, you know, technology digitizing the company had allowing the clients to do self-educated book studies themselves and have things be much less manual than people-oriented. And as I said earlier, as capacity and by the way, we're being very careful in terms of how much capacity we add given what the demand is right now, which is why our CapEx will be down. But in 2025, but as the capacity fills and the backlog elongates, people will be willing to pay more. We've seen that, as I said earlier, for multiple years to long periods of time where pricing suddenly becomes much less of an issue. I would remind all of you that while the preclinical spend is not insignificant and is obviously very important to get a drug into the clinic, it's 20% to 25% of the cost of developing a drug, and 70% to 75% is in the clinic. So they can and should and will begin to spend more in discovery and early development. So if you combine those three issues, we should see improvement in operating margin. I'm not gonna give you a number or quantify that, but I think they could be meaningfully better than they are now going forward.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And Casey Woodring at JPMorgan, your line is open.
Casey Woodring: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just have one two-part question on the new administration. The first is on tariffs. So earlier this morning, President Trump said he would likely impose a 25% tariff on pharmaceutical imports that could come as soon as April 2nd. So just any quick thoughts on how something like that would impact pharma budgets and that customer group's preclinical drug development spending. And then second, on the new administration, just kinda curious to hear your general thoughts around how customers are thinking through any other potential impacts, you know, such as RFK's confirmation, just given in the past you've talked about greater scrutiny of pharmaceutical approvals. Any color you can share there?
James Foster: Yeah. I mean, it would all be total speculation at this point. So we're really not hearing much from our clients on the RFK situation. And, you know, he's talked a lot about food, and he's talked a lot about vaccine spending, and we'll just have to see how that pans out. What impact, if any, will we have on both the rate and the quantity of new drugs being developed and what, if anything, will happen to the FDA? Haven't seen the situation this morning relative to the tariffs. That's trying to support US development of drugs, so that could be beneficial to US drug companies. So we'll just have to see how that plays out as well.
Operator: Great. I think that concludes the questions for today's call. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Yes. That is the final question in our queue. Mr. Spencer, I'm happy to turn it back to you, sir, for any additional or closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Oh, sorry. That was me. Yeah. No. That is the conclusion of the call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: That does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by, were about to begin. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories third quarter 2024 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2024. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning at approximately 2 hours after the call today, and can also be accessed on the Investor Relations section of our website. The replay will be available through the next quarters conference call. I would like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. Our third quarter financial performance exceeded the outlook that we provided in August. The biopharmaceutical demand environment remains challenging, but consistent with the trends that we discussed in detail on last quarters call, leading to an organic revenue decline of 2.7% in the third quarter. Revenue from small- and mid-sized biotech clients was stable compared to the second quarter. However, forward-looking demand indicators for biotechs continued to trend more favorably versus last year, leading to our belief that the demand environment for this client base will continue to recover just at a more gradual pace than anticipated at the beginning of the year. We had already seen more favorable biotech funding translate into higher DSA bookings earlier this year and, subsequently, incremental revenue for this client base. But there are still puts and takes in terms of the funding environment and interest rate sentiment to keep our outlook appropriately measured. After slightly increasing in the first half of the year, revenue from global biopharmaceutical clients declined in the third quarter, both sequentially and year-over-year. This was expected due to tighter budgets and accelerated pipeline reprioritization activities this year in conjunction with the major restructuring actions that many of our large clients have implemented within the past 6 to 12 months and for some clients more recently. We believe these recent restructuring actions further validated our commentary last quarter. However, the forward-looking demand trends for global biopharmaceutical clients did not show signs of further deterioration in the third quarter and actually improved from second quarter levels. Coupled with the numerous discussions that we have had with clients, this leads us to believe that we have correctly called the near-term demand outlook for this client base. Overall, these trends translated into slight sequential improvement in the forward-looking demand indicators for the Safety Assessment business in the third quarter, including improvements in net book-to-bill and the cancellation rate. This is important, because it supports our belief that we appropriately reset our financial guidance for the year in August. The net book-to-bill remains below one-time, so it would still be too early to assume when a recovery will occur, but we are pleased that the demand environment is not appear to have deteriorated further. At this time, its too early to provide any specific commentary on 2025 guidance, but we expect the current trends will persist into 2025 and continue to pressure the year-over-year growth rates. This is particularly true in the DSA segment, as we anticipate continued headwinds based on the current pricing environment and until the anniversary of the step-down of global biopharma demand that has occurred during the second half of this year. As I discussed in August, we are taking decisive action to manage the company through the current demand environment, including appropriately rightsizing our infrastructure. We are committed to initiatives to generate more revenue, contain costs, and protect shareholder value. As I outlined last quarter, and to ensure our further success, we are focused on taking strategic actions in three areas: restructuring initiatives to maintain costs and generate efficiency by reducing staffing levels to align with the pace of demand as well as evaluating our global footprint to optimize, consolidate, and simplify operations. We have made meaningful progress on our footprint optimization efforts since we last spoke. The second area is focusing on commercial enhancements to promote a client-centric focus and gain additional market share. Our goal is to enhance the client experience and reinforce our role as a flexible and responsive partner to our clients, including through leveraging technology such as our Apollo platform and RMS e-commerce initiatives. And, finally, we are continuing to evaluate additional strategies to take additional costs out and to drive efficiency. We are working on initiatives to further transform how we operate, ranging from continuing to better leverage technology, to adopting a global business service model to streamline processes, as well as generating greater procurement savings. The restructuring initiatives that we have implemented to aggressively manage our cost structure are already generating significant savings, and as planned, we continue to further reduce staffing levels in the third quarter. The initiatives that we have implemented since late 2023 have reduced our total headcount by over 6%. It is imperative in this environment to keep our staff well utilized in order to protect the operating margin, which is our goal. We have also undertaken a comprehensive review of our global footprint. To provide some context, we built many of our businesses through acquisitions, accumulating over 150 sites at peak. We have periodically consolidated or divested smaller sites over the past several years to manage our global infrastructure, including the consolidation of 7 small sites within the past year. Our global footprint optimization efforts are focused on consolidating capacity that is no longer needed, and in many cases, transitioning the services and clients to other larger sites. We have also taken a client-centric approach towards these actions with the goal of serving our clients more efficiently and seamlessly in order to capture synergies and savings that extend beyond the facility costs. Through these optimization initiatives, we have already begun to implement a process to close or consolidate approximately 15 smaller sites, principally focused on the DSA and RMS segments. By the time the program is completed in 2026, we expect it will generate an incremental $40 million in annualized net savings through the elimination of overhead and facility costs, as well as by reducing headcount. We view these as durable savings, because we do not believe reinvestment in similar infrastructure will be required when demand improves. These footprint optimization efforts will enhance the efficiency and economies of scale in our global infrastructure, leading to a more disciplined operating model. In total, the restructuring initiatives that we have implemented since late 2023, including headcount reductions and global footprint optimization efforts, are expected to generate approximately $200 million in cumulative annualized cost savings, eliminating more than 5% of our cost structure. Approximately half of the annualized cost savings will be realized this year, and at least $150 million in total will be realized in 2025. Before I provide more detail on our third quarter results, I want to provide a brief update on capital allocation. We were pleased to report that we generated record free cash flow of over $200 million in the third quarter. Strong cash generation is the long-term hallmark of the company. This coupled with moderating capital intensity of our businesses and lower debt, has enabled us to reevaluate and rebalance our capital priorities to include modest stock repurchases this year, totaling approximately $100 million in the third quarter. These collective efforts, from restructuring to capital allocation, are aimed at emerging as a leaner, more efficient organization when demand returns, a stronger partner to our clients, and better position to capture new business opportunities as well as to protect and ultimately enhance shareholder value. Ill now provide highlights of our third quarter performance and updated guidance. We reported revenue of $1.01 billion in the third quarter of 2024, a 1.6% decline on a reported basis over last year. Organic revenue declined by 2.7%, driven by the anticipated decline in DSA, partially offset by low-double-digit growth in the Manufacturing segment and slightly higher RMS revenues. By client segment, revenue declined for both the small- and mid-sized biotech and the global biopharmaceutical client segments in the third quarter, as expected. But as I mentioned earlier, revenue from biotech clients was stable sequentially. The operating margin was 19.9%, a decrease of 60 basis points year-over-year. The operating margin improved in each of our three business segments, due in part to the benefit of cost savings. However, higher unallocated corporate costs resulted in a consolidated operating margin declined in the third quarter. Flavia will provide more details on unallocated corporate costs shortly. Earnings per share were $2.59 in the third quarter, a decrease of 4.8% from the third quarter of last year, reflecting the lower revenue and operating margin. Despite the decline, third quarter earnings per share exceeded the outlook we provided in August, due primarily to the better than expected top-line performance, particularly in the DSA segment. We are narrowing and slightly raising our full year guidance for revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share from the midpoint to the previous ranges to reflect the third quarter performance. We are narrowing our revenue outlook to a 3% to 4% decrease on an organic basis, and non-GAAP earnings per share has been slightly raised to a range of $10.10 to $10.30. While we are never pleased with declining revenue, our financial outlook already demonstrates that we are beginning to see the benefits of the discipline management of our cost structure. Id now like to provide you with additional details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segments results. DSA revenue in the third quarter was $615.1 million, a decrease of 7.4% on an organic basis driven by lower sales volume in both the Discovery services and Safety Assessment businesses. DSA revenue modestly exceeded our prior outlook of a 10% second half decline, because global biopharma demand trends held up better than we expected. We now believe the DSA segment revenue will decline at a high-single-digit rate organically in the second half of the year, consistent with our full year outlook. In the Safety Assessment business, the revenue decrease was primarily driven by lower study volume. Pricing was essentially flat year-over-year and is expected to turn slightly lower in fourth quarter, which is consistent with our previous expectations. From our perspective, the Safety Assessment pricing environment, or spot market for new proposals, has not materially changed for most of the year. We were pleased that growth bookings and cancellations improved from second quarter levels, resulting in an improvement in the net book-to-bill ratio to the most favorable levels since the first quarter of 2023. As I mentioned earlier, these forward-looking indicators for global biopharmaceutical clients rebounded in the third quarter, which reassured us that the demand environment was not further deteriorating. In addition, biotech trends remain stable in the third quarter, and overall, the forward-looking demand KPIs for this client base remain more favorable in 2024 than last year. Headwind still exists, ranging from the net book-to-bill ratio remaining below one-time to pricing and the overhang from our clients major restructuring efforts. Therefore, we will continue to take a cautious view with respect to the near-term outlook for our Safety Assessment business until the sustained demand trends are more supportive of a return to revenue growth. The DSA backlog decreased just slightly on a sequential basis to $2.12 billion at the end of the third quarter from $2.16 billion at the end of the second quarter. As part of our ongoing efforts to promote a client-centric approach and refine our operating model, we are working to further integrate our Global Discovery and Safety Assessment operating structure to One DSA over the next year. For the last 2 years, our global DSA operations have been managed by one senior leader, Shannon Parisotto. During this time, Shannon has comprehensively evaluated the strengths and opportunities that exist within the businesses and focus on enhancing its future vision. And in concert with senior management, has developed a plan that we believe will unlock greater synergies and ultimately make us a stronger and even more responsive partner for our clients. Many of the changes will be settled both internally and from a client perspective. They will focus on a combined salesforce and leadership approach, integrated scientific programming, and a more seamless client experience as their programs transition from the discovery to the early development phase. The insights we have already gained from migrating towards this model have influenced our global footprint optimization plans, including consolidation of several smaller sites and transitioning services to other DSA location. The DSA operating margin was 27.4% in the third quarter, 20 basis point increase from the third quarter of 2023, and a 30 basis point increase sequentially. The year-over-year and sequential improvements were primarily driven by the increasing benefits from the cost savings actions that we have implemented. RMS revenue was $197.8 million, an increase of 0.6% on an organic basis over the third quarter of 2023. RMS revenue was primarily driven by the benefit of higher pricing and small model sales volume in China, largely offset by lower revenue for Research Model Services and Cell Solutions. As has been the case all year, small model revenue in North America and Europe has been driven by higher pricing. Unit volume for small animals has declined this year in conjunction with large pharma restructuring activities that have led to spending cuts and a reduction in research staff. And the funding environment has resulted in the slowdown in new biotech company creation. These trends have largely been reflected in our regional outlook for the year. To offset the volume declines, we also continue to realize price increases, because small models are essential, low-cost tools for drug research. Our China business continues to perform well this year, despite the macroeconomic pressures in the country, primarily driven by share gains associated with our geographic expansions. Research Model Services, including our CRADL operations, experienced a modest revenue decline in the third quarter, largely reflecting the overall bio pharma demand environment. While the CRADLs business model continues to resonate with clients, it experienced low occupancy as clients selectively narrowed room utilization to cut costs. And GEMS has been modestly affected by a similar slowdown in client demand. As part of our footprint optimization efforts, we are in the process of consolidating several CRADL sites and have also consolidated our Cell Solutions operation at its largest site in California. Existing demand trends are expected to result in essentially flat RMS organic revenue in 2024. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 210 basis points to 21%. The improvement was primarily due to higher pricing, a favorable revenue mix related to Noveprim, and the benefit of cost-saving actions. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $196.9 million, an increase of 11.8% on an organic basis compared to the third quarter of last year. Each of the segments businesses contributed to the robust revenue growth and given its continued strong performance, we are raising the segments full year revenue outlook to high-single-digit organic growth from a prior outlook of mid- to high-single-digit growth. The CDMO business led the way with a robust quarter, particularly for cell therapy. Its client interest and booking activity were strong in the third quarter. CDMO business remains on track to have another solid year. The Biologics Testing business also continued to perform well, driven by demand for our core testing activities, including cell banking, viral clearance, and viral safety testing. We are also pleased that the synergies between our CDMO and Biologics Testing businesses continue to strengthen as it is critical to provide analytical testing capabilities to expedite the production processes for our clients cell and gene therapies. More than half of our CDMO clients now utilize our Biologics Testing capabilities, which is a testament to the synergies between these businesses. The Microbial Solutions business also had a strong focus, driven primarily by demand for our Endosafe testing consumables as well as improving instrument placements. We believe the third quarter performance demonstrated that demand for Microbial products has rebounded from the pressures last year, which resulted from clients destocking activity and tighter budgets in the drug manufacturing sector. Our belief was supported by the placement of 7 of our large automated systems from Endosafe NEXUS platform during the third quarter, and a similar number of placements are expected in the fourth quarter. In addition to the fact that these high throughput systems are expected to drive meaningful, incremental cartridge use, we view installation of these systems as further evidence that both existing and new clients are utilizing our comprehensive, rapid manufacturing quality-control testing solutions to enhance their product release testing speed and efficiency. Manufacturing segments third quarter operating margin was 28.7%, representing an increase of 420 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was largely a result of leverage from higher sales volume across each of the segments businesses. To conclude, we are continuing to navigate through this challenging period by remaining laser-focused on our strategy, by aggressively managing our cost structure, by enhancing our clients experience to gain additional share, and by protecting shareholder value. We have always distinguished ourselves through our exquisite science and preclinical focus, extending our leading position as our clients preferred, global, non-clinical drug development partner. We have navigated challenges before and we expect to emerge from this period as a stronger, leaner, and more profitable company, and an even more responsive partner for our clients. Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now, Flavia will provide additional details on our third quarter financial performance and 2024 guide.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments, and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency translation. Third quarter 2024 organic revenue decreased at a rate of 2.7%, which was better than our outlook of a mid-single-digit decline. We delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.59, which decreased 4.8%, but was favorable to our prior outlook of a low-double-digit decline. The outperformance was largely driven by better-than-expected DSA results. As Jim discussed, we have narrowed and slightly raised our revenue guidance for the full year to reflect a stronger third quarter performance, and now expect a revenue decline of 2% to 3% on a reported basis and 3% to 4% on an organic basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share guidance is now in a range of $10.10 to $10.30. By segment, the revenue outlooks for each segment are either narrowed or unchanged. RMS revenue would be essentially flat on an organic basis. DSA revenue is expected to be at the more favorable end of our prior outlook of a high-single-digit organic revenue decline, and Manufacturing is expected to report high-single-digit organic revenue growth. From an operating margin perspective, the outlook is also unchanged. We expect that this years consolidated operating margin will be slightly below last years level as cost savings and lower performance-based bonus accruals will nearly offset the revenue shortfall at the margin level in 2024. There are three key updates this quarter that Ill highlight now. The additional savings from our restructuring initiatives, the re-initiation of stock repurchases, and our strong free cash flow generation. As mentioned in August, we have begun to implement additional restructuring initiatives to deliver further cost savings to help preserve the bottom-line. This will result in the consolidation of approximately 15 smaller sites, primarily in the DSA and RMS segments, most of which have already started. Were also planning a sale-and-leaseback arrangement for our Wilmington RMS and corporate campus, which will reduce fixed costs and improve efficiencies, while enabling us to continue to operate from the site. We expect these footprint optimization efforts will be completed in 2026 and generate net savings of approximately $40 million. Inclusive of the actions we have taken since late 2023, we have successfully identified annualized savings of approximately $200 million, of which approximately $100 million would be realized this year, and an incremental $50 million in each of the next 2 years to achieve the full run rate in 2026. As part of our footprint optimization efforts, we expect to incur roughly $100 million of restructuring charges associated with site consolidation and transition costs, lease impairments, severance, and related items. A portion of the cash charges will be offset by the expected cash proceeds from the sale of real estate. These restructuring items will be excluded from our non-GAAP results. The majority of these charges will be recorded in 2025. By taking these actions now, we are positioning the company for future profitable growth utilizing a more scalable footprint. As you know, our Board recently approved a new stock repurchase authorization of $1 billion. We commenced stock repurchases under the new authorization in August and repurchased a total of 500,000 shares for approximately $100 million, which achieved our goal to offset annual share count dilution from equity awards for the year. Moving forward, well continue to regularly reevaluate the best uses of our capital, inclusive of stock repurchases, debt repayment, and strategic M&A to accelerate growth and maximize shareholder value. As Jim mentioned, we also achieved record quarterly free cash flow with $213.1 million generated in the third quarter, compared to $139.5 million last year. The improvement was driven by disciplined working capital management and lower capital expenditures. CapEx was $38.7 million in the third quarter, compared to $65.9 million last year, which reflected the ongoing moderation of our capacity requirements. For the year, free cash flow will be over $450 million, an increase from our prior outlook of $380 million to $400 million, and CapEx is expected to be between $220 million and $240 million. I will now provide details on the non-operating items that affected our third quarter performance. Unallocated corporate costs totaled $76.8 million or 6.6% of revenue in the third quarter, compared to 4.7% of revenue last year. The increase was primarily due to higher health and fringe-related costs, and the absence of benefits from virtual power purchase agreements, or vPPAs, that were recognized in the prior year. For the full year, we expect unallocated corporate costs to be slightly above the mid-5% range as a percent of revenue. The non-GAAP tax rate in the third quarter was 21.3%, representing a decrease of 30 basis points year-over-year. The decrease was primarily due to a favorable geographic earnings mix. For the full year, we now expect our tax rate will be in a range of 21.5% to 22%. Total adjusted net interest expense in the third quarter was $28.8 million, which represented both a sequential and year-over-year decline. These reductions are primarily the result of shifting that to lower interest rate geography and continue that repayment. For the full year, we expect total net interest expense will be at the lower end of our prior outlook of $118 million to $122 million. We are pleased with the effectiveness of our capital management activities. We have been able to lower our net interest expense by repaying over $300 million in debt this year, which has brought our gross leverage ratio to 2.25 times and our net leverage ratio to 2.2 times at the end of the third quarter. We are able to continue to repay debt in the third quarter, while absorbing $100 million to reinitiate stock repurchases in August. As a reminder, we also entered into a $500 million interest rate swap 2 years ago that has proven to be economically advantageous, as we have been locked in a lower fixed interest rate. Currently, over 85% of our $2.3 billion debt at the end of the third quarter was at a fixed rate, including this swap that expires in November. A summary of our 2024 financial guidance can be found on Slide 41. With one quarter remaining in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our full year guidance. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to decline by low- to mid-single-digit range on both a reported and organic basis. There can be quarterly variability in RMS results due to the timing of NHB shipments, and the Manufacturing segments growth rate is expected to moderate from the strong low-double-digit performance in the third quarter due primarily to the timing of CDMO projects. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range of approximately $2.45 to $2.65. Looking ahead to 2025, we continue to expect the current trends will persist largely due to our global biopharmaceutical clients ongoing restructuring programs and the continued gradual recovery in biotech growth. As a reminder, we plan to provide our 2025 outlook when we report our year-end results in February, which is our standard practice. In conclusion, were pleased with our third quarter performance in this challenging environment. As we look to the future, were focused on being well positioned to drive growth when the market rebounds. Our unwavering commitment to continuing to deliver high-quality scientific solutions to our clients as we transform into a leaner, more agile organization is a testament to our companys strength and resilience. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Max Smock with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Max Smock: Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to follow-up on a comment you had around the puts and takes in terms of the funding environment and the interest rates and things that keep your outlook for small biotech measured. Could you just walk through kind of what those puts and takes are and then in light of last nights election, be curious if there has been any change to your view on the outlook for the funding environment moving forward?
Flavia Pease: Hey, Max. Good morning. I think I will let Jim answer on the election part. But in terms of the puts and takes, I think from a macroeconomic perspective and just funding environment, it started in the beginning of the year with a more robust funding with the IPO market opening. We continue to see that getting support throughout the year, although slightly lower clip than the first half of the year. Obviously, interest rates have started to come down, which is a good signal to the biotech environment. And as we said from a demand perspective, we continue to see the demand indicators train more favorably for our biotech client base than last year. So while they didnt rebound to the extent that we had anticipated earlier in the year, which was part of the reason we adjusted our guidance in the second earnings call, they are stable and favorable to last year. So, were cautiously optimistic that things will continue to improve, albeit at a much smaller lower clip. Thank you.
James Foster: Its a little bit imponderable of the election. I think that if it had gone the other way, IRA might have been beefed out, additional drugs might have been added to it in the short-term. That would be more expansive. Having said that, its popular and attractive for any candidate to just talk about drug prices being too high. But I would expect wed have less of a focus on it with the new administration. But well have to wait and see what the dialogue is.
Max Smock: All right. Thank you for that. And then, Flavia, maybe just to clean up one for me. How much of a benefit did you all recognize from lower incentive comp in the quarter? And similar to last quarter, its fair to assume most of that impact was in DSA and at the corporate level.
Flavia Pease: Just to confirm, youre talking about  I didnt
James Foster: Performance of base comp.
Flavia Pease: Oh, performance of base comp. Thanks. So that was not a meaningful  did not have a meaningful impact in the third quarter. The big adjustment when we adjusted our guidance was really in the second quarter. So this was not a key factor in this quarters results.
Max Smock: So, are you still expecting it to be a factor, though, in the second half? I think last quarter when we talked, you did $20 million in 2Q. I think, rough math, we had kind of gotten to $30 million in total for the back half of the year. So is it fair to assume there will still be some impact in 4Q? Or now is that kind of tailwind? Is that out of margins here in the back half of the year?
Flavia Pease: Yeah, its still going to have an impact in the second half, but the majority of the catch-up was in the second quarter.
Max Smock: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Well go now to Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sykes: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just first on the large pharma segment. You noted the still challenging environment. However, you also cited demand trends didnt get worse. Just based on your discussions with these customers, do you think were at the tail end of these cost savings and reprioritizations? And if so, how do you see this slope of demand recovery from this customer segment as its moving to 2025?
James Foster: I have to say, probably, the tail end was some of that. And it certainly felt like they were doing an on-mask kind of at the same time, even though theres lots of preparation for that. So no question, theres been enormous amount of reprioritization and reduction of costs. Some of its definitely going on, because we engage with so many of these clients at the end of the year to see what their spend will be next year, what the budget looks like, whether therell be more money in R&D or less. So, I suspect were not through with it yet. But, we really feel that weve reached the point where it gets unlikely to deteriorate further from a demand point of view. But pharma was very strong for us last year and pretty strong for us in the first half of this year, less strong in the back half of this year. The biotech sort of picking up some of the slack albeit more slowly. So much of what we do is beneficial for our clients to reduce their cost and infrastructure. Theres a lot of work that could come outside so we could be the beneficiaries of that as well. But, I think, its going to be a while before we throw it.
Matthew Sykes: Got it. Thanks for that color. And then on your cost savings niches, what gives you confidence that the headcount reductions and site consolidations, one, wont create friction amongst your customer base as youre doing that and, two, your right sides for any recovery that may happen next year, even if its more pronounced than your expectations?
James Foster: So were obviously working really hard at maintaining our quality staff. Its everything at Charles River is about science, its about speed, its about responsiveness, and its about really understanding how the science is being able to contribute to what the client is doing. So weve tried to be  not tried to be, weve been very surgical, very thoughtful in our workforce reductions. We think that were in a very good place now, given our guidance for the balance of the year and some of our early thoughts for next. The other things were to accelerate and improve more quickly than we might anticipate. Were quite confident that we could add those people back, mostly direct labor. And as youve heard us say before, we need some meaningful period of time to train those people, but the sort of brain trust of the folks that are overseeing some of the studies and interviews with the clients weve left intact. So, look, we have an obligation to get our headcount in sync with the demand. Thats our responsibility and a necessity, and I think that weve done that, as I said, quite thoughtfully and expeditiously.
Matthew Sykes: Thank you.
Operator: Well hear next from David Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Windley: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. On the first one, Jim, I wanted to dovetail off the last on demand in DSA and think about or ask you about the pricing and backlog versus what is flowing through revenue kind of thinking about the puts and takes on demand there? And then, more broadly, as you think about margin in DSA pricing that I mentioned, the cost actions that youre taking, how should we think about the margin sustainability at that 27% level, again, with feels like some moving parts to and fro?
James Foster: I mean, the pricing in the backlog is that work plays through. Its obviously going to have some impact. Prices have been sort of flat, flat to somewhat down, actually probably more comparable. And we have said that we anticipate that itll be down further by the end of the year. So, were going to see that play through. Pricing for next year, were not going to go there yet, but well see that. Ill let Flavia answer the margin question. Look, I do everything we can to protect margins. So from a headcount point of view or an infrastructure point of view, TA point of view, were doing everything that we think is possible.
Flavia Pease: Yeah, I think to your question, Dave, and how Jim is framing, we know that price is going to be a headwind for us next year. In a sense that were already signaling that it will turn from flattish this quarter to slightly down next quarter. So we know that that will be something that will have going against us in 2025. And thats the reason why weve been working so hard on the cost saving initiatives, whether it is to adjust the workforce to the demand environment or look at how we can optimize the footprint, because we know were going to have to overcome this to help protect margin. So I do think, the DSA margin will be pressure given the pricing dynamics, our, lets say, inability at the current market environment to get price, which was the case, when demand was much stronger. And so, there will be pressure on the margin, I think, going forward. Without talking about specifics, I dont expect it to definitely not to increase. And if you put the pieces together with the headwinds on price, I think, well have to see when we guide to 2025, but if you just do the math with cost going up and price not increasing, that will be pressure.
David Windley: Okay. And then, just if I could get some detail on, you mentioned a global business service model, I think. And to my ear, maybe thats the first time youve discussed that or mentioned that. And if you could elaborate on the details of that and how long it will take you to implement?
Flavia Pease: Yeah, Ill take that one, and we actually had a little bit of that commentary last quarter as well, but its good that you picked up on it, and the way I would suggest you think about it is we, obviously, continue to look at opportunities for us to streamline and be more effective in how we operate. When the demand started softening, the first lever we pulled was on the headcount that is directly associated with the services that we provide. We then look at footprint, which is what we provided an update at this call. But then we continue to look at, lets say, new ways of us to operate and make sure that we are as effective as we can, whether it is continuing to reap the benefits of our digitization efforts to automate processes and get efficiencies that way, or look at global business services as a means and a way to, especially, in some of our more standard processes, functional areas, can we do those in a more effective way? So were looking at opportunities to perhaps change the way we operate, operate more in a standardized fashion, in a more scalable fashion, and thats what we mean by pulling that lever on global business services.
David Windley: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Well hear now from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Hey, thanks very much. Could you dive into the, at least what I would say might be relatively low RMS margin this quarter given did have upside in high margin Noveprim cells and also favorable pricing in small animals where I might have expected more of a drop through on the pricing side on the small animals. Anyway, if you could also dig into the lumpiness and large animal timing as a potential factor in Q4 and what youre currently thinking you might experience on this period? Thanks very much.
Flavia Pease: Good morning, Eric. Yeah, Ill take that one, and Ill answer the latter part of your first question first. So to your point, there is a little bit of potential lumpiness on the timing of shipments of large models, both from Noveprim as well as the sales that we have in China  for China. So we try to account for that. And its a little bit of a binary event, whether it happens or not, right? And it will play into the margins in growth in the RMS segment as well as potentially having an impact on EPS given that part of the business has high margins. So, obviously, we guide in a range, and so, the range considers both outcomes, and so we try to do the best we can, but sometimes it can shift 1 week and it falls in 1 calendar year or 1 quarter or not. With regards to the RMS margin this quarter, there is mixed playing there. As you pointed out, on one hand, the NHP shipments are favorable, but on the other hand, I think theres a couple of headwinds. Obviously, we still got growth in China, and volume growth, I mean, which is a lower margin part of the RMS models business. And then I think you also saw that the services businesses were lighter. They actually had some decline this quarter. So there are some puts and takes there. We put some pressure on the margin.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Mr. Bowers, I believe your line may be muted.
Justin Bowers: Pardon. Thank you, and good morning. The bookings in Safety Assessment improved pretty significantly quarter-over-quarter, and I believe you did call out an improvement in cancellations as well. With that, are you seeing that across both customer sets, biotech and global, or is that more isolated to one customer? And then, is this a good level, I mean, the bookings, it ranged from like, say, 450 to 475 for the first 3 quarters of the year. Are we at a good sort of run rate here based on sort of the conversations and what you know now or are we still in sort of this normal level of volatility around the bookings?
James Foster: Were seeing a lower rate of cancellations for us, pretty much our client base which obviously were pleased to see. Forward momentum for the pharma companies which are still reducing their infrastructures as we talked about earlier is definitely an issue for them. And as I said they had a strong first half of the year at less [strong first quarter] [ph], both the demand and the bookings in for the biotech client base looks, feels a lot more stable and a lot more consistent, albeit not growing at the rate that we had perhaps anticipated, but a lot of positive signs there in terms of capture rate, in terms of access to clients, in terms of the dialogue, and you watch them. Its all about rate cuts, which weve had one and another one to comment. What happens to the IPO market? Its definitely what the election does to our clients, both large and small. But, I think theres been a principle driver growth for almost a decade, sort of slowed down a little bit last year, seems to be strengthening somewhat this year. Having said that, as we think about moving into next year, a lot of the trends that were seeing now are likely to persist for at least some time until some of those things happen like the IPO market actually opening up. The other thing, I guess, the last thing I would say is that the biotech funding market had a very good September and a very good October as well. So while everybody continues to compare the results to, I dont know, 2021 to 2022, which were crazy exceptional years, theres a fair amount of money going into biotech. And as weve said, and I personally said several quarters now, I think this is a lot about psychology and a lot about fear of the unknown and a lot about pulling back and being hyper conservative sort of feeds upon itself, but actual access to capital is not that bad. Its quite good for the venture firms and theyre quite good for big pharma funding a lot of biotech. So, I think the trajectory is improving nicely, albeit a little bit slow, more slowly than we thought.
Justin Bowers: Thank you. And just a quick follow-up on that. What is customer behavior now in terms of bookings? How far are they booking? Is it closer to study start? And then, lastly, with some of these restructurings that were seeing in large pharma, is that yielding opportunities in the CRADL business? Or do you think a lot of those decisions around infrastructure have been made at this point?
Flavia Pease: Yeah, I think in terms of when studies are starting, we see kind of both ends of the spectrum. Theres things starting within a month, and theres still people booking 6, 9 months ahead. So were really seeing the gamut of study starts in that sense. With regards to CRADL, we do still believe that our vivarium-as-a-service, if you will, type of service continues to resonate with clients kind of big and small. We did see some in the biotech client base, lets say, rationalizing or right-sizing how much space they take. Some of the pharma clients had already the start of our CRADL business, kind of established this both in the spaces where they were anchor clients. So were not seeing them take more, but they had already taken space in some facilities. And we continue to work with them as they update their footprint in additional opportunities. So Id say for large clients, were not seeing it be positive or negative. And in the biotech clients, theres a little bit less utilization at this point, which drove the softness, if you will, on services for IMS this quarter.
Justin Bowers: Thanks so much.
Operator: Well hear next from Dan Leonard with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Im just trying to make sure I understand your view here. Is it your view that the Q4 sales is the run rate for the business until we see an improved end market demand environment?
Flavia Pease: Yeah, I think if we are going to refrain from answering comments or questions that sort of infer what the outlook is for 2025. I think, as Jim has said, we are pleased that the demand trends and indicators have sort of stabilized in the third quarter. We think we called the outlook for this year correctly. Were going to continue to watch and see how they evolve in the fourth quarter before we comment on outlook for next year. What I will remind everybody is from a comps perspective, right, well have to anniversary especially the first half of this year where pharmas were still strong. So between that and pricing thats why we have put in our prepared remarks that we expect the current demand trends will continue into 2025 and put some pressure on year-over-year growth. Once we start seeing more pronounced and lasting signals of recovery will be, obviously, the first to tell you all that, we have more confidence on the outlook. At this point, I think, its a steady state of where we are.
James Foster: We, obviously, will have considerable discussions with our clients in the fourth quarter as we put our plan to bed and they do the same. And so, we should get pretty accurate feedback on spending patterns, how much theyre going to be spending in the clinic, how much theyre going to be spending for IND filings, how much for post-IND and what their total R&D spend looks like. Obviously, at some point, big pharmas going to get back to investing in early discovery and early development. So, I think we have the best access to clients to understand whats going on in the marketplace. For now, were going to have to assume that some of the situation that were in, some of thats just going to persist. As Flavia said, we do have the sort of comparison to last year, but so well know a lot more as we get through the fourth quarter and we get to our February call, we sort of encapsulate the year and make our prognosis a guide for the following year. But we dont think anything is deteriorating or will deteriorate. So we have some stability here. Hopefully some predictability and hopefully improved visibility based on what our clients tell us. And well certainly share that with you in February.
Dan Leonard: And then just to follow-up on margins, I understand your goal is to maintain margins, but is the $50 million of incremental cost savings in 2025, is that enough to offset the reversal or the restoration of incentive compensation, inflation, somethings which you would know at this point that would be typical budgeting matters? Is that $50 million enough?
Flavia Pease: Yeah. And I talked a little bit about this in the second quarter earnings that in a sense, its not enough, and thats why we continue working, and weve provided additional color now that our overall savings have increased with the result of the footprint optimization efforts that we have been working on over the last 2 to 3 months. In an environment where you dont have volume growth, where price is ahead when annual costs continue to increase, obviously, protecting margin is hard, and thats why we continue to look at levers to drive efficiency and do the best we can to ensure were adjusting our staffing, rationalizing our footprint, and driving those efficiencies to protect margin in this environment.
Dan Leonard: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for the question, and congrats on the next quarter. Im going to have two questions. My first question is, youve talked about some of the changes youve been making internally, how you operate, and sort of, obviously, your estimation of where we are in the pharma cycle. What are customers, particularly biopharma customers, asking for differently in this cycle? Are you sort of conceptually working with them in new ways, given these changes? And then secondly, obviously, your focus on capital deployment has traditionally not been as weighted towards share repo. Is this  obviously, the purchases in the third quarter, is that more of a reflection of sort of the dislocation in the share price as you saw it? Or is that something youre kind of thinking about changing your mix going forward, broadly speaking? Thank you.
James Foster: So, we bought back shares for, Im trying to think, at least 10 or 12 years, just consistently to offset dilution from our options being granted. And that was something that, I think, that was a smart thing to do. Of course, its all contextual, it depends on the share price, it depends on how much debt we have, it depends on how robust our earnings are, and it depends on whether we have it different or better used for the cash. And so, as weve said a few times, we have a committee of the board that looks at this 5 times a year. What is the best use of our cash? And we felt at the time, and still feel that sort of reintroducing that, and I was saying that dilution is a smart thing to do and, probably leaves us enough powder to do some M&A as well. Of course, weve been paying down on debt. So, look, nothings forever and everything is contextual. So it doesnt necessarily indicate anything about the future, although, we may feel the same way going forward next year. Your first question, I would say that our biotech clients are looking for funding, as I said earlier, very concerned from a psychological point of view about having lack of access to funding. The VCs have to put in another round or larger rounds than they used to if they cant get an IPO going. And those that were assuming that they could get a secondary havent been able to do that. So theyre definitely more cautious. Having said that, almost no biotech companies have any internal capacity to do any of the things that we do. So they are by definition net outsources, whether theyre small, medium, or very large, frankly. So theyre all potentially our client base, and the majority of them probably are really our client base. And so, all we can do is stay close to them, be responsive to the needs. As Flavia said earlier, right now, this sort of backlog is kind of 9-months-ish, and we can start some studies quite quickly. Others, if they want a book site that goes out for a while, we can do that as well, but its usually a couple of quarters. So it sort of feels like a really pretty sweet spot now in terms of being able to respond to their demand sometimes quickly and sometimes on a forward-going basis. So, I think our clients are pleased with our responsiveness, which is everything and the quality of our science. And we do an amazing job giving the scale of our company and servicing very small values.
Elizabeth Anderson: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Well turn now to Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. A lot has been asked, so Ill stick with one for me. On the global biopharma side, you talked about trends overall and just sort of some stabilization following reprioritization earlier this year. I kind of want to ask, how heterogeneous is demand within global pharma? But what were hearing is theres sort of a dichotomy where youve got a handful that are spending a lot, a handful that are reprioritizing a lot, and then sort of everyones kind of sitting around in the middle. Is that how you see it? So for the ones that so far are spending a lot, what gives you confidence thatll continue and theyre not just behind everyone else in initiating reprioritization or cost cuttings?
James Foster: I think theyre all watching their costs, even the ones that youre probably talking about but you dont think need to. Weve actually seen those companies produce their infrastructure as well, because the patent cliff is looming and some of these folks with the GLP-1 drugs, everybodys working on a different or a better version of that, so its going to be quite substantial. So, not dissimilar from biotech, a lot of the pharma companies no longer have any internal capacity, certainly to do toxicology, and a lot of them dont have internal capacity to do some of the discovery work that were doing. And even if they do have the capacity, doing it with Charles River is a faster, less expensive, and most often a higher science result. So, whats ironic about this kind of slowdown in our demand is that all of our client base doing work with us is a methodology to reduce their cost structure and do less internally and use our capability and that should help speed things up. So, we certainly still believe that thats the case and that we will see demand coming from some of our small biotech clients and some of the larger pharma clients as well. We have very big market shares with big pharma, albeit at a time where theyre all being conscious and reducing their infrastructure. As we said earlier, some of that is done, some of thats in process, maybe some of that is yet to happen, but well have a much better sense of that as we sort of interrogate them during the fourth quarter here.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks. Thats helpful. Ill leave it there.
Operator: Well go next to Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning. Jim, I want to go back to some of the earlier line of questioning on DSA margins here, but I want you to frame your response ideally with a longer sort of timeframe, if you will. I mean, back in the day, DSA used to be a mid- to high-teens margin business, last year it peaked at 27.5%. Theres a few moving pieces for 2025, so Im not going to ask you to go there, because I think you already answered that, but help us think about whats an appropriate floor if demand doesnt get better. I mean, theres will in MPI that got added along the way, you have much larger scale than you did back in 2015, right? So help us think about whats that worst case scenario? And then, I have a follow-up. Thank you.
James Foster: I mean, its just classic supply demand here, right? So weve gone from a genre of very aggressive ability to take price for the last 5, 6, 7 years, just an enormous amount of price, a lot of share gains and a lot of clients really depending on us to a period where, in 2024, we have a very small amount of price and as we said earlier in our prepared remarks, probably be getting declined by the end of the year. So as space fills, which it will, as demand comes back and improves, which it will. Unless you all believe that our clients are no longer going to invest in new drugs, which of course is not the case, you have to assume that theres a lot of stuff thats been parked. And if your clients want to get back to filing INDs, you have large portfolios that have been skinny back and I dont think theyve killed those drugs, theyre just sort of waiting in a day. So the opportunities are there from a demand point of view. Also, from a competitive point of view, its not a lot of capacity outside of Charles River, theres obviously some. But since we took out the kind of second tier of competition some time ago, there are much smaller companies picking up the slack. So as the demand improves, space is going to fail, and I do think well have an opportunity to invigorate rides. I really cant comment on what its going to be better or worse for 27%, or what the long-term goal is going to be. As you know, were organized all the time to drive efficiency and improve our operating margins just in terms of our overall structure. A lot of things were doing right now, I think, will enhance and improve that.
Flavia Pease: I think maybe just to add, we will provide you an update, obviously, on our longer-term financial targets at some point, given that we obviously are not going to be able to deliver on what we share, at least in the timeframe of, it was 2023 to 2026, when we had our Analyst Day last year. But since then, we have said we still believe that the fundamentals of this market are intact, and whether it is the 6% to 8%, or 5% to 7%, we still believe that thats in the cards, just a matter of when are we going to get there. And in the same way, I would say the mid- to high-20% range that we provided as a goalpost for DSA margin is still doable. Its a matter of, again, when are we going to get there? And maybe the lower end of that mid or the higher end of the high is going to depend upon how quickly and how much does the market come back. But to Jims point, if you believe in drug discovery and the pharmaceutical industry, as a viable business, that longer-term outlook, both in terms of top-line and margin, is still intact.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Thats helpful. And then a quick follow-up on the Manufacturing side of things, I think, Flavia, you cited project timing driving a little bit of growth moderation in the fourth quarter. Can you just give us a sense of what your customer or product concentration looks like on the CDMO side of things at the moment? And then separately, just on the Biosecure sort of shifts underway in terms of cell therapy manufacturing or Biologics Testing, do you guys have any interest in picking up some of the competitor facilities which now appear to be for sale?
James Foster: So, Biosecure should provide some opportunities for us. We said that multiple times, probably for several quarters now. Its too early for it to have done that. But were obviously watching closely, and well see whether a changed administration changes that or not. I do think that the specter of that happening is concerning a lot of people we just met with some of our venture capital partners last week, and theyre quite concerned about it and quite reluctant to do any sort of work in China. Chemistry has in large part gone to China, but that probably will shift to India, a $64,000 question is, for the Safety Assessment work thats going to China, where will that go? Because youre not going to get it done in India. So I think a lot of it, assuming that it shifts, a lot of that will come back to the U.S. and the Europe, and we should have an opportunity there. The CDMO business has had a very strong year for us, just in terms of the quality of our clients, having a couple of commercial clients, having multiple regulatory audits, and multiple different auditing organizations, both domestic and foreign, an enhancement in the quality and experience of our staff and in our facilities, so that business feels like its poised to continue to do well, continue to distinguish ourselves, and a very important modality to treat some really rough diseases. So were really focused on continuing to grow that franchise. I do think that some of the work we have now is helping us guide our new clients, probably our best marketing approach, and should continue to be strong through the back half of this year.
Tejas Savant: Got it. I appreciate the color, Jim.
Operator: Well hear next from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Casey Woodring: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a quick follow-up to the manufacturing question asked earlier here. Just, can you elaborate on the synergies youre seeing between the CDMO and the Biologics Testing business? I think you mentioned that more than half of the CDMO clients are now utilizing Biologics Testing. So, Im just curious if you can maybe quantify the benefits there, elaborate on the attachment moving forward that youre expecting.
James Foster: Yeah, I mean, that was the principle instigating factor of us going into the CDMO space. Why is that? Were doing all this testing of the drug before it goes into the clinic, which is required by law, and also testing the drugs once theyre commercially approved. And we had a fair number of clients requesting us to move into the CDMO space, only because they dont want to take the time to validate another provider, so we would do the testing, but who would manufacture the drug before we did the testing. And by the way, if we were doing Safety Assessment for them, just along the trajectory we could help speed up the process. So theyre very closely linked, I think more than 50% of our biotech  biologics clients, CDMO is using us for the biologics. Theyre very closely aligned, particularly, the analytical testing aspect of that. And that gives us a competitive advantage, by the way, I wont name the competition, but some of our principle competition in that space has no internal capability to do Biologics Testing. In fact, we do some Biologics Testing for our competition. And so that really holds us in good stead. I would imagine that would continue to be a key distinguishing feature of our service offering as we go forward.
Casey Woodring: Got it. Maybe just one quick follow-up here. So, last quarter you mentioned that the drop in large pharma demand was surprising in part, because you deal with heads of R&D that dont have as much discretion around budgets. So curious, just on the clients discussions that you flagged today, you called out that youre getting some confidence from those, just  is there any change in how youre communicating with clients during this time and the level of visibility that you have in large pharma now? Thanks.
James Foster: I mean, the only change is, were still dealing with the same people and I think were dealing with bright people. As we said earlier, sometimes the decisions are not made by them, not made at a higher level or made quickly or in secret, just so it doesnt leak. I do think, as we said earlier, that the ability to have a conversation with clients as they are finalizing or as they have finalized their operating plans, the fiscal 2025, should be and we believe will be helpful for us to kind of zero base where we are with our clients both large and small, kind of build up our plan for next year. I mean thats sort of always been the case for us and the decision about what molecules theyll work on with some of the bigger folks, bigger clients, will they work on them internally or not, if the smaller companies are going to, the works going to go outside. How many molecules will they work on and what percentage of the work with Charles River get, are facts that we will be able to drill down on, and well put a kind of appropriate discount factor to what they tell us, because its not always exactly what they say, but kind of finishing the year and going to the next year with a fresh budget, I do think allows the opportunity for us to plan a lot better and have a good sense of what the client base is up to. So we are working hard on that right now, as well work on our own operating plan.
Operator: Well take our next question from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Awesome. Great. Thanks. I just kind of want to look at it as a high level. On 2Q, you cut the guide pretty hard and, Jim, your transcript was reminiscent of like the global financial crisis on the outlook. And then we get to where we are today with a pretty significant beat. And it seems like the things are relatively stable, getting a little better on biotech, a little worse on large pharma. But you look at the macro and all the restructurings and its hitting the rest of the space. I guess kind of what changed versus your original expectations? Like what got materially better here? Or is it more of just that initial outlook on your initial cut there was like, all right, were just going to assume that things get way worse than they are?
James Foster: Im not sure anything materially changed. Its kind of on the margin here. We do the best we can in terms of having a prognosis on what the next quarter, the rest of the year will be. As I said earlier, we try to do that on a zero basis and we build it up client by client, and we have pretty constant communications with our clients. Theres a lot of ebbs and flows though. So we wouldnt want you to get out ahead of this conversation about what just happened. Were obviously pleased with the quarter. We have some positive signs here as cancellation rates arent as high as this sort of consistent demand, at least on the biotech side, sequential consistent demand on the biotech side. Pharma definitely, it was a bit of a surprise to us, I think a bit of a surprise to some of our clients, but I think that will ameliorate and settle down. We dont think its going to turn around overnight. So, look, were going to continue to put numbers out there that were confident that we can make without low balling it or high balling it. And I do think that we understand the client base well enough to do that. It would be  we dont have a trend yet. We have some positive indications, which is fantastic. I think we need a few quarters for that to be a trend. And as we said earlier, if and when, I guess when the IPO market opens up, theres another rate cut. Do you think that biotech clients will have more confidence in their ability to spend for the portfolios that they have and even some of the drugs that they have parked? And the VCs will have to spend less per company and per drug. And maybe pharma will be weighing in more aggressively. So, directionally, the opportunities are definitely quite positive. How quickly that happens is unclear. And as we said earlier, were going to have some of the work that we have booked at lower price points is going to begin to bleed through our P&L. So, were going to have to get through that as well. But, I think, directionally, were seeing the beginnings of some positive signs.
Luke Sergott: Great. Okay. And then, I guess on the CDMO and the relationship with Vertex, they just signed Lonza in September here for the global. So, like, is there any changes to your existing relationship there? Is that just kind of adding capacity beyond what you guys can provide?
James Foster: Yeah, I mean, thats a necessity for Vertex. Number one, not to have all their eggs in one basket. Number two, they think this is going to be a really important drug, sickle cell anemia is a tough disease, and its a pretty big patient population. So, having us both doing that, I believe they have another provider overseas as well. So, thats just a smart thing to do. Its had no impact on either our relationship with them or the amount of demand that were seeing from them. So, all good.
Luke Sergott: Awesome. Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next, well hear from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, maybe on the facility side, I saw you guys are kind of shutting down 15 or so facilities across DSA and RMS. Can you just talk about, I guess, the decision there? I mean, Im sure its a little bit in response to demands and the cost cuts. But, where the footprint is? And then, again, some of the earlier questions, if and when demand comes back, what the footprint looks like and how much capacity you guys will have for recovery there?
James Foster: So, were certainly not going to reduce our footprint so that when demand comes back we dont have enough space, which I guess is the essence of your question. Weve done a lot of M&A, but whatever it is, north of 65 acquisitions since we took the company private, and all of those acquisitions have at least one, if not multiple sites. Theyre operating businesses that have positive growth rates and positive margins, and so we typically keep them, and I think one of the things that we can do better and will do better is kind of baked into this third quarter announcement is our ability not to sell to the client based upon how were structured or where our facilities are, but sort of to amalgamate these sites. So, what we have is we have too many sort of small sites floating around that dont have particularly attractive margins that are relatively close to another large site that may have some capacity. So, we get to fully utilize a larger site and not have these small sites dangling, sort of dangling participles, which are managing difficult to have good operating metrics. And a smaller portfolio is beneficial for us. So really feels like a wonderful opportunity right now to clean up some of this small stuff thats floating around, amalgamate it, that should help with margins, that should help with throughput, that should help with utilizing our sites in a more robust fashion. So well continue to do that. Well think more carefully about that as we buy additional companies at whatever point. So that our infrastructure is just more rigorously designed.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thats helpful. And then Flavia, maybe just a quick one on the interest expense. I know you guys need to swap, so a little bit of a benefit here. Can you just high level help us think about the go forward, the framework for 2025, on the bloat line stuff? Would be helpful. Thank you, guys.
Flavia Pease: Yeah, I think we were pleased to have entered into the swap when we did about 2 years ago. It was definitely economically favorable. It helped provide an additional portion of our debt to lock into lower interest rates in the time that the Fed raised interest. We are now at the tail end of that with the first rate reduction already, obviously in the books. And so I think we feel good. We still have even when the swap expires in November, we still have a significant portion of our debt will remain fixed. Were going to be looking at our credit facility, which runs through, I think April of 2026. So well be looking at renewing that in the early part of next year. And, I think, we feel really good about, obviously, record free cash flow generation this quarter. What weve done from a capital allocation perspective, being able to pay down that meaningfully this year, leverage is in a really good place, which allowed us also to do a modest share buyback that Jim talked about. So overall, we feel really good about the balance sheet and the progress weve made this year.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears we have no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the floor back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Thank you for joining us this morning on the conference call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. This concludes the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays Charles River Laboratories third quarter 2024 earnings call. Thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Todd Spencer, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Spencer, please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2024 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2024. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today and can also be accessed on the Investor Relations section of our website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I will begin by providing highlights of our second quarter performance and revised guidance. We reported revenue of $1.03 billion in the second quarter of 2024, a 3.2% decline on both the reported and organic basis over last year. The top line performance was in line with our outlook as organic revenue growth in the Manufacturing segment was more than offset by DSA and RMS revenue declines. By client segment, we continued to experience lower revenue from small and midsized biotech clients in the second quarter, while revenue from global biopharmaceutical clients increased modestly. I'll provide more details on the evolving trends within these 2 client segments shortly. The operating margin was 21.3%, an increase of 90 basis points year-over-year. The increase was principally driven by lower performance-based bonus compensation accruals in the quarter reflecting the reduction in our financial outlook for the second half of the year. On a segment basis, a higher operating margin in the manufacturing segment and lower corporate costs were largely offset by lower margins in RMS and the DSA segments. These lower accruals were the largest contributor to the earnings outperformance in the second quarter. Earnings per share of $2.80 increased 4.1% year-over-year and exceeded the implied outlook in our prior guidance by approximately $0.40. We are significantly reducing our financial guidance for the year because forward-looking DSA trend data suggests that demand will not improve during the second half of the year as we had previously anticipated, and, in fact, will decline for global biopharmaceutical clients. As a result, we are reducing our revenue outlook to a 3% to 5% decline on an organic basis this year, and non-GAAP earnings per share is now expected to be in a range of $9.90 to $10.20. We intend to partially offset the headwinds through aggressive actions to streamline our cost structure, optimize our global footprint and drive greater operating efficiency, which will enable us to limit the bottom line impact going forward. We believe taking these actions will also enable us to emerge from this period of softer demand as a stronger and leaner organization and better positioned to capture new business opportunities. Before I discuss the second quarter business segment performance, I will provide more details on these end market demand trends as well as the actions we are taking to manage through the current environment. Our financial performance to date, including a low single-digit organic revenue decline in the first half, has been largely in line with our initial outlook. However, the lack of a recovery in demand for our biotechnology clients as well as recently emerging and softening demand trends in our global biopharmaceutical client base have caused us to take a much more negative view of our growth prospects for the second half of the year. Because of this, the second half revenue growth that we previously anticipated will not materialize. And in fact, demand is expected to continue to soften for global biopharmaceutical clients in the near term. These trends for our broader biopharmaceutical client base are expected to lead to a low to mid-single-digit organic revenue decline in the second half of the year on a consolidated basis. As you are aware, most global biopharmaceutical companies have announced major restructuring programs likely precipitated by the IRA or pending patent expirations or both. And this has undoubtedly led to tighter budgets and additional pipeline reprioritization activities this year. Revenue for this client base continued to increase in the second quarter. However, proposal activity and bookings began to notably decline and diverge from biotech clients during the second quarter. We now expect demand for global biopharmaceutical clients to further deteriorate over the remainder of the year. We anticipate these trends are also likely to impact the DSA growth rate into 2025, so we are working now to reset our cost base to both withstand the pressures on our bottom line and to better position the company to when demand cycles back. Large biopharmaceutical companies are currently focused on resetting their budgets to create leaner cost structures. We expect these actions and the resulting softening of our demand KPIs will continue to cause a period of slower spending by large pharma on their early-stage drug development activities, particularly because they are more focused on their clinical pipelines at this time. We believe that these clients continue to view strategic outsourcing as a compelling solution to improve their cost efficiency and speed to market, presenting a longer-term opportunity for us once they inevitably refocus on their preclinical pipelines. In contrast to large pharma, demand KPIs for small and midsized biotech clients have stabilized and trended somewhat more favorably through the first half, reflecting the solid funding environment and favorable sentiment around interest rates. Biotech companies are our largest client base at approximately 40% of total revenue, and more than half of DSA revenue. And DSA proposals and net bookings have improved to this client base this year. We experienced an improvement in biotech booking activity in the second quarter as the higher proposal levels that we commented on last quarter have begun to translate into new business wins. While we are cautiously optimistic that these trends will lead to a future demand recovery in our biotech client base, they're also not sufficient to support the DSA revenue improvement in the second half of the year than we previously anticipated, and therefore, we do not expect revenue to biotech clients to improve from first half levels. We are laser-focused on initiatives to generate more revenue, contain costs and protect shareholder value. As I discussed earlier this year, we have already begun to enhance our commercial efforts. We are focused on optimizing our sales force to accelerate revenue growth by adjusting go-to-market strategies and being a flexible partner for our clients, focusing on selling across the entire portfolio and leveraging technology to enhance sales insights and identify selling opportunities earlier. Our digital strategy is also helping us to better connect with our clients including through our Apollo cloud-based platform to provide real-time access to scientific data and self-service tools for clients. To drive additional savings and preserve the bottom line, we will continue to aggressively manage our cost structure to ensure that capacity and head count are aligned with the current softer demand environment. We have already consolidated several smaller sites and reduced staffing levels. These recent actions and additional actions that will be implemented by the end of the third quarter are expected to generate over $150 million of annualized cost savings, which will be fully realized in 2025. We are also finalizing our EA strategy, focusing on further optimizing our global footprint, driving greater operating efficiency and leveraging our digital platform and global business services to further streamline processes. We expect to implement the initial phases of this plan before the end of this year, and we'll provide a more comprehensive update in November, including the incremental savings that these initiatives will deliver. As referenced in this morning's earnings release, we will also reinstate a stock repurchase program, and our Board recently approved a new stock repurchase authorization totaling $1 billion. We intend to reinstate stock repurchase activity before the end of the third quarter. Flavia will provide more details on this topic as well as an update on our capital priorities. I'd now like to provide you with additional details on our second quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment's results. DSA revenue in the second quarter was $627.4 million, a decrease of 5% on an organic basis, driven by lower revenue in both the Discovery Services and Safety Assessment businesses. In the safety assessment business, lower steady volume was partially offset by a small benefit from price increases. The overall business trends were relatively consistent with those that we have discussed in recent quarters with the exception of diverging demand trends between our global biopharmaceutical client base and small and mid-tier biotechs. As mentioned earlier, we are beginning to see improvements in proposals and booking activity for biotech clients, but is meaningfully slowing for global biopharma clients. The combined effect has resulted in a net book-to-bill ratio that was similar to the last 5 quarters, but below 1 times in the second quarter. Gross bookings also remained above 1 times in the second quarter. And the cancellation rate was consistent with first quarter levels, which was below its peak, but still not back to targeted levels. As a result of these trends, the DSA backlog decreased on a sequential basis to $2.16 billion at the end of the second quarter from $2.35 billion at the end of the first quarter. Since we do not expect these trends to improve during the second half of the year, as previously anticipated, and because we will likely be impacted by incremental spending pressures from our global biopharmaceutical client base, we have reduced our DSA revenue outlook to a high single-digit organic decline for the full year. In the near term, we will ensure that our capacity both space and staffing are aligned with this lower expected level of demand. Looking beyond that, we will continue to speak with our clients and closely monitor for indications that clients are beginning to return their focus to their IND-enabling programs versus their recent focus on post-IND studies and for demand trends to stabilize or begin to improve across both the global and mid-tier client bases. The DSA operating margin was 27.1% in the second quarter, a 50 basis point decrease from the second quarter of 2023. The year-over-year decline reflected the impact of lower sales volume and moderated pricing, particularly in the Discovery Services business. The operating margin improved from the first quarter level, which was commensurate with sales volume, lower bonus accruals and additional cost savings generated by our restructuring efforts. RMS revenue was $206.4 million, a decrease of 3.9% on an organic basis over the second quarter of 2023. The RMS revenue decline was primarily driven by lower NHP revenue. As we mentioned last quarter, we expected the timing of NHP shipments to be a meaningful headwind to the second quarter RMS growth rate. Excluding the NHP impact, RMS revenue was essentially flat year-over-year as higher sales of small research models were offset by slightly lower revenue for research model services. For the full year, we believe the market environment will remain stable overall. So we are reaffirming our RMS organic revenue growth outlook of flat to low single-digit growth. Revenue for small models continued to increase in all geographies, particularly in China and Europe. The resilience of the research models business reflects the fact that small models are essential low-cost tools for research, which also enhances our ability to continue to realize price increases globally. Our China business has been resilient despite the macroeconomic pressures in the country as the growth rate for small research models have strengthened driven primarily by share gains associated with our geographic expansions within China. Research model services experienced a slight revenue decline in the second quarter in both GEMS and Insourcing Solutions. These trends largely reflect the overall biopharma demand environment. However, the benefits generated by clients that utilize our GEMS and IS solutions can help them overcome their budgetary pressures by driving efficiency. CRADL business model, while not unaffected by the demand environment, continues to resonate with clients who are looking for cost-effective solutions for their vivarium space requirements. There are pockets of softer demand, particularly in South San Francisco that have led to the consolidation of our CRADL capacity there. However, other biohubs continue to perform well. In the second quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by 330 basis points to 23.1%. The decline was primarily a result of the lower NHP revenue. The timing of NHP shipments from both Noveprim and in China can lead to quarterly revenue fluctuations. And since the sales of these large models are quite profitable, the timing of shipments can have a meaningful impact on the RMS margins on a quarterly basis. However, our view for the year hasn't changed and both the RMS and manufacturing segments are expected to deliver operating margin expansion in 2024. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $192.3 million, an increase of 3.7% on an organic basis compared to the second quarter of last year. Each of the segment's businesses contributed to the revenue growth. As anticipated, the manufacturing growth rate was lower than the first quarter level because of a more challenging prior year comparison for the CDMO business. You may recall that we anniversaried the recovery of the CDMO business in the second quarter of last year. We expect the CDMO growth rate to reaccelerate in the second half of the year based on the current pipeline of new projects, particularly for cell therapy. As a result, we expect manufacturing organic revenue growth will be in the mid- to high single-digit range, a slight increase from our prior outlook. The competitive landscape is also undergoing a transition in certain manufacturing market sectors due to M&A or proposed geopolitical regulation, both of which should offer new opportunities to demonstrate the synergies of our comprehensive testing portfolio and win new business. The CDMO business continues to perform well and client interest remains strong. The third client who utilizes our viral vector center of excellence in Maryland received commercial approval last month, and we are also regularly adding new projects across the various phases of clinical development. Booking activity continues to improve, and the CDMO business remains on track to deliver solid double-digit growth this year. Revenue in our manufacturing quality control testing business, Biologics Testing and Microbial Solutions also continued to grow, rebounding from the more challenging market environment last year. Biologics Testing's performance was driven by its core testing activities, including cell banking and viral clearance. For Microbial Solutions, the primary driver of revenue growth was demand for our Endosafe testing cartridges. Clients have resumed their purchases of reagents and consumables as destocking activity have subsided. The manufacturing segment second quarter operating margin was 26.6%, demonstrated continued improvement with increases of 370 basis points year-over-year to 130 basis points sequentially. The improvement is largely a result of leverage from higher sales volume across each of the segment's businesses. We expect this trend will continue as the segment rebounds from 2023 and also due to the ongoing increase in the scale of our CDMO business. To conclude, it is clear that our clients are in the midst of reassessing their budgets, reprioritizing their pipelines and managing their cost structures. However, our clients will continue to seek life-saving treatments for rare diseases and other unmet medical needs. In order to do so, they will, by necessity, reinvigorate investment in their early-stage R&D programs over time. To emerge as an even stronger partner for our clients, we are working to actively manage our costs, initiate new and innovative ways to transform our business, protect shareholder value and enhance our clients commercial experience to gain additional share. To conclude, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our second quarter financial performance and 2024 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. Second quarter 2024 organic revenue decreased at a 3.2% rate, in line with our outlook for the quarter of a low to mid-single-digit decline. However, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.80, which exceeded our prior outlook of mid-single-digit sequential earnings growth by approximately $0.40. The majority of the earnings outperformance was driven by lower performance-based compensation expense. Continued growth in operating margin expansion in the manufacturing segment also contributed. The lower performance-based compensation expense was primarily related to adjustments to our bonus accruals and in light of the reduced outlook for the year. As Jim discussed in detail, we have significantly lowered our guidance for the full year and now expect a revenue decline of 2.5% to 4.5% on a reported basis and 3% to 5% on an organic basis, driven primarily by a softer demand outlook in the second half of the year than previously anticipated for both small and midsized biotechnology and global pharmaceutical clients. We expect DSA revenue to decline by approximately 10% organically in the second half compared to 6.9% year-over-year decline in the first half. DSA pricing is expected to turn slightly negative by the end of the year, but the largest driver of this change will be the softer demand. We will not have time to offset all of the revenue shortfall with additional cost savings at this point in the year. Therefore, non-GAAP earnings per share guidance is now in a range of $9.90 to $10.20 However, we are implementing additional restructuring initiatives to deliver further cost savings to partially offset the lower revenue and help preserve the bottom line, which will have a more meaningful impact in 2025 and beyond. As Jim referenced, we are implementing additional initiatives to drive incremental cost savings to ensure that our cost structure aligns with the current demand environment. Restructuring initiatives are expected to generate over $150 million in annualized cost savings, representing nearly 5% of our operating costs, which is an increase from our prior target of approximately $70 million. This updated target includes actions that were initiated last year through those already planned for the third quarter of this year. We expect approximately $100 million of the savings to be realized in 2024. We are also finalizing a multiyear strategy to optimize our global footprint and drive greater operating efficiency, which we believe will further our ability to protect operating margins and manage the business through this challenging environment. Furthermore, our Board recently approved a new stock repurchase authorization of $1 billion, which will add another option to allow us to strategically manage our capital allocation. We intend to commence stock repurchases under the new authorization before the end of the quarter. Our initial goal will be to offset annual share count dilution from equity awards, but we will regularly reevaluate the best uses of our capital. As M&A activity has slowed, leverage has remained low at just above 2 times and the capital intensity of our business has moderated in the current demand environment. These dynamics have enabled us to reassess our capital priorities. We will also continue to repay debt and evaluate strategic acquisitions to enhance our service offerings as we believe a balanced approach to capital deployment will help maintain an optimal capital structure and maximize shareholder value. I'll now provide details on our segment outlook and some nonoperating items. By segment, we now expect DSA revenue to decline at a high single-digit rate on an organic basis, largely due to the softer demand environment than previously anticipated. The outlook for the RMS and manufacturing segments are essentially unchanged with RMS expected to report flat to low single-digit organic revenue growth and the manufacturing segment expected to generate mid- to high single-digit organic revenue growth, a slight increase from the outlook in May. From an operating margin perspective, we expect that this year's consolidated operating margin to be slightly below last year's level as the lower performance-based bonus expense and additional cost savings will nearly offset the revenue shortfall at the margin level in 2024. On a segment basis, pressure in the DSA segment will offset expected margin expansion in both manufacturing and RMS segments. Unallocated corporate costs totaled $50.5 million or 4.9% of revenue in the second quarter compared to 6.1% of revenue last year. This improvement was driven primarily by lower performance-based compensation accruals. For the full year, we expect unallocated corporate costs will be in the mid-5% range as a percent of revenue. The second quarter tax rate was 21.1%, a decrease of 220 basis points year-over-year. The decrease was primarily due to a favorable geographic earnings mix and higher R&D tax credits. As a result of this favorability, we now expect our tax rate will be approximately 22% for the full year. In the second quarter, net interest expense was $29.8 million, which represented both a sequential and year-over-year decline. For the full year, we also expect total net interest expense will be lower than our prior outlook in the range of $118 million to $122 million. These reductions are primarily the result of shifting debt to lower interest rate geographies and continued debt repayment. As a reminder, over 80% of our $2.4 billion debt at the end of the second quarter was at a fixed rate, including $500 million that is fixed until November via an interest rate swap. In addition to lowering our interest expense, continued debt repayment resulted in gross and net leverage ratios of 2.2 times at the end of the second quarter. Free cash flow remained strong with $154.1 million generated in the second quarter compared to $80.7 million last year. This improvement was driven by lower CapEx and working capital management. Capital expenditures were $39.5 million in the second quarter compared to $67.4 million last year, which reflected the ongoing moderation of our spend in the current demand environment and a disciplined focus on our capital investments. For the year, CapEx is expected to decline to approximately $250 million and our free cash flow will be in the range of $380 million to $400 million. A summary of our 2024 financial guidance can be found on Slide 36. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect both reported and organic revenue will decline at a mid-single-digit rate year-over-year. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to decline in the low double digits year-over-year as the impact of lower DSA demand will only be partially offset by the benefit of restructuring initiatives. The year-over-year revenue growth rates in the RMS and manufacturing segments are expected to rebound from the difficult comparisons in the second quarter, which were affected by the timing of NHP shipments in the RMS segment and the strong prior year comparison in the manufacturing segment. In conclusion, our critical focus at this time is continuing to execute our strategy, to rightsize the business and to turn around the financial performance. We believe that accomplishing these actions will position the company to gain market share and emerge from this period of softer demand as a leaner, more efficient scientific partner for our clients. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this morning to Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs.
Matt Sykes: Maybe just on a higher level, just thinking about your commentary about global biopharma it seems that demand really took a bit of a hit post the -- in Q2 and post that. And as you think about that client base and you think about sort of the cost cuts that have been going on, they've been going on for some time now, what kind of rationale can you give for the increased deceleration of that demand? And just given the size and scope of these organizations, do you think it's going to take lot longer for that to come back, just given that it's going to be difficult for them to pivot so quickly?
Jim Foster: It's certainly difficult for us to call the timing. This is a pretty unexpected and rapid deterioration of the large pharma companies business. The good news is we have a disproportionately large share of big pharmaceutical companies' work, particularly in the safety assessment business. So that's great on the one hand. On the other hand, of course, as they begin to ratchet down their cost structures, that causes them to reduce their overall demand. The pharma companies have -- go through multiple processes every few years to try to lean out their infrastructures. They do sometimes an adequate job, sometimes they don't. I think the IRA legislation, coupled with the impending patent cliff has made it essential, maybe with the exception of the 2 prominent companies that have GLP-1 drug. So rapid deceleration and cutbacks, disproportionate impact on us, reprioritization of pipelines, some of the companies seem to be through it. Some are probably in the midst of it, may take longer for others. It's tough to get a very good line of sight. We have very high-level contacts in all of the drug companies. We're dealing sometimes with the head of R&D and sort of minimally with the number two or three person in R&D. And it's clear that so many of these decisions have been made and are still being made sort of at the C-suite level or the board level and there are profound cuts at big pharma, which some of the people that we're working with don't necessarily have a line of sight or certainly not an early line of sight, so they could warn us and work with us. So we're their partners. We respect and appreciate the opportunity to be so. It doesn't mean that we have early indications of what these folks would do. So it's a little bit impossible to call. But what we said in our prepared remarks, and I'll just repeat is we've seen a slower recovery in biotech, although it's been recovering, and we've seen this very soft demand and cutbacks in pharma. It feels like that's likely to persist into 2025. There's sort of no logical reason to believe that, that somehow gets curtailed subject to my comments that it's very, very, very difficult for us to call pharma in the aggregate. But it's clear that their emphasis is on the clinic, to get drugs into the clinic, to do -- to pay for their clinical trials and obviously to get drugs into the market. And it would seem, I don't know, seem logical that they would continue that for some period of time.
Matt Sykes: And then just on DSA and given -- and noting the comments you made on the commercial restructuring and shift in go-to-market, is there a market share issue going on here? Or would you still chuck this up to overall macro pressures?
Jim Foster: Yes. We think that -- we're obviously biased, but we think we have a fabulous portfolio that's quite unique. We have a much larger geographic footprint, particularly in Safety and Discovery. We have exquisite and deep science. And we have had to, in appropriate cases, be aggressive with our prices. I think we'll -- through the back half of this year, we'll have to do more -- we'll have to do more of that. So we certainly don't think that we're losing share. As we continue to refine our sales organization and structure, its use of IT, its use of Apollo, which is one of our early digitization platforms to allow the clients to get data faster and easier, some pricing and some aggressive time lines and also utilizing the whole portfolio, which I do think we've talked about a lot, which -- and can do better. In other words, our greatest competitive advantage is that we can work with the clients across this very large nonclinical portfolio, which virtually none of our competitors can. So we think this is a market shift very. It's sudden with pharma, kind of gradual with biotech, although getting better. And we certainly don't want to do anything to impair the quality of our science. But as we said earlier, we're going to work hard to lean out our infrastructure, both in terms of staff and facilities and certainly G&A so that we can respond to whatever the market demand is going forward in an effort to do the best job we can to have the most positive operating margins possible in the midst of a slowdown in demand.
Operator: We'll go next now to Eric Coldwell at Baird.
Eric Coldwell: I was hoping to get a quantification of the impact of the bonus accruals. I know you said it was the majority or a big chunk of the earnings upside versus implied guidance, but could you quantify that amount? And then tell us how much might be left in the second half to help protect earnings in the second half? Or did you take care of all of this with the second quarter?
Flavia Pease: It's Flavia, I'll take that one. It was approximately $20 million in the second quarter or about $0.30. And the second quarter was a true-up for the first half of the year.
Eric Coldwell: 2Q was a true-up for the first half. So what happens in the second half?
Flavia Pease: You can expect also additional favorability that would come through the second half as we updated guidance for the full year. So we will probably have additional favorability following through.
Eric Coldwell: And was this -- how much of this was in DSA as opposed to perhaps research models? I think you kept guidance there basically. So I'm assuming this is pretty much all DSA, is that fair? Or also at the corporate level?
Flavia Pease: You're correct. It's mostly DSA and at the corporate level. The other 2 segments, as you pointed out, are performing well and in line with the plan. So the majority of the impact is at corporate and DSA.
Eric Coldwell: And I know first half was, I think you said, minus 7%, I'm toggling in a lot of numbers here. But second half, minus 10% organic in DSA. So would we be assuming a maybe a ballpark 50% more accrual reductions in the second half than you did for the first half year in the second quarter? Is it $30 million in the second half?
Flavia Pease: Yes. I we're not going to get to that level of specificity. I think, as I said, there will be additional favorability in the second half just because the true-up that we did so far was only for the first half.
Eric Coldwell: And then the minus 10% organic in 2H, I think you've kind of talked around this with the last question. But do you think that is a proxy for the overall Discovery and Safety market, both in-house and outsourced? You think you're doing a little better or a little worse than the overall market here in the second half? What's your read on that? And what I'm ultimately trying to get to is I know RMS historically was much steadier, sturdier during soft patches here in toxicology and Discovery. You historically have outperformed in RMS. But you have to think that this kind of a reduction in overall demand has to have some knock-on effects to models and it sounds like you're already seeing some knock-on impact in services. So I'm just trying to get a better sense of what the read is on research models and services growth going into 2025. The safety and tox demand is down in the zip code of 10%.
Jim Foster: We feel like we're holding our own, certainly, from a competitive point of view, I would say, across the entire portfolio. Certainly in RMS, both from a product and services point of view. And like for a relatively long time, we've had modest volume declines with meaningful pricing declines across the world. So that will persist. China is quite strong, notwithstanding some of the political issues there. Europe is quite strong. And services have been strong now for -- I don't know how long, Eric, maybe a decade. The GEMS business is a little softer than we would like just because of the slowdown in both client bases, pharma and biotech. But we think that's a critical element in doing basic research. And our CRADL initiative is definitely in times of economic stress, which I think a lot of our clients are in, that's a really good solution for them. So we have a little bit of facility overlap, maybe a little bit too much capacity in some locales, opportunities to have more capacity in other locales. So that business should hold up well. Manufacturing business definitely should hold up well. Definitely, principal amount of pressure is in DSA. But if you just look at the SA portion of that, a lot of drugs were parked or have been parked or will be parked by our clients before INDs were filed. So they have a drug that they like, they have a certain amount of cash to spend and they prioritize, they will get back to those next. And so we're seeing a lot of emphasis on post-IND work that will shift to classic IND work. And then at some point, when they feel that the coffers are stable, will get back to more significant spending in core discovery. But of course, as we all know, there is no future. There is no preclinical. There is no clinical without discovery, so that business should improve as well. Time frame, obviously, is a little bit difficult to call. And we think that will be the last thing. that recovers.
Operator: We'll go next now to Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: If we think about how you're flowing this through, particularly in DSA, and sort of a mid-single-digit organic revenue decline in the third quarter, what have you seen in sort of the July time frame? Is that sort of stable to how you saw 2Q generally? Would you say things are still getting a little bit worse? I'm just trying to understand how you thought about the sort of flow-through relative to how the quarter progressed?
Jim Foster: I think I call on that is that the biotech companies continue to improve slowly, more slowly than we had anticipated or that we liked. But just in terms of proposal volume and bookings, definitely better. We spent a fair amount of time over the last few months really studying the trend because I just want to remind everybody on this call that do several things. Number one, as I just said earlier, we have the preponderance of work, particularly safety work for big pharma. Number two, big pharma was fabulously strong for us last year, unusually strong because so much of our growth has been driven by biotech. We saw a very strong pharma growth last year and solid pharma growth for the first half of this year. And then we see this sort of rapid decline. And so it's taken us a while to study. It's tied to clients to really understand what was behind it. We're certainly seeing it persist into July. As I said a few moments ago, while this is absolutely -- if you look at the big pharma companies, an industry phenomenon of cutting back funds and infrastructure and, of course, a pipeline, they are in different phases of it, although it does seem that most of them are doing it in the same time. At some point, they'll find C level there and they'll put the spending into those drugs, which are post-IND and in the clinic. And we hope that future progresses that they will find more of our IND work. The IND work is obviously extremely important. And as a percentage of the cost of developing a drug, quite trivial. So we do think that they'll have the money to do that at some point, and that's important for the future. Following that with any specificity at the moment is just a bit murky, given the suddenness and the unexpected nature and the meaningful nature of this pullback.
Elizabeth Anderson: And Flavia, maybe one clarification question just for you. I know you talked about potentially doing some share repurchase agreement. Is there any share repo built into the new guidance range? Or we should consider that to be separate?
Flavia Pease: I would consider that to be separate at this point, Elizabeth. As I said in the prepared remarks, we'll be looking to start executing on it in Q3, but the impact is going to be de minimis in this year still.
Jim Foster: So it's not in the numbers.
Flavia Pease: Correct.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Dave Windley at Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Jim, I'm wondering, in the restructuring actions that you're taking, sounds like you're ramping those up. I'm wondering how much optionality are you thinking about relative to range of outcomes? And I guess I'm thinking range of outcomes on a couple of vectors. One, you're talking about large pharma's rapid decline in a short period of time, and hard to see how that plays out from this distance into late this year and next year. And then while small biotech funding has improved year-over-year, it kind of peaked at the beginning of the year and has been fading through the year in a way that given economy, politics, et cetera, may not continue to improve. And if that were to be soft and kind of truncate the recovery of biotech, how might you be able to react to that as well?
Jim Foster: Let me take a shot at that and then Flavia can jump in as well. As you said, biotech funding has been strong. It was particularly strong in the first quarter. Second quarter was okay. July wasn't great. So I don't think any of us know, Dave, but you may be right that it's cooling off a bit. Having said that, we've had a proliferation of proposals and some improvement in bookings as well. So much of it is psychology, though. So I think our client base is nervous about the consistency of the availability of cash. Obviously, they're going to continue to be conservative. And I think pharma has a lot of work to do in terms of trying to get their infrastructure where they want it to be, given the impending patent cliff. So look, all we can say -- and even though it's a long time, this isn't always, always for us and I think we do this well. We have to get our capacity. And by that, I mean, human capacity and physical capacity, in line with our expectations for growth and demand. We always have to call it, I don't know, 12 to 24 months in advance. So our CapEx investments in growth in a bunch of areas, obviously, will slow down dramatically, has slowed down dramatically and will continue to. Half of our costs -- at least half of our cost is staff. So we've already made some cutbacks and we'll look to do more starting at the end of this year through next year. And we've had some small facility consolidations, and we'll look at perhaps larger ones to see whether those are appropriate. We've done a really good job over the last decade of having capacity really well utilized across all of our businesses. And indeed, as you know, been able to add space without impairing our operating margins. So we, I think, are in the midst of and will continue to scale back both of them commensurate with what the demand is. '25, a little bit tough to call, but as I said a few moments ago, it's hard to believe that the pharma pullbacks won't continue and persist to some portion of next year. If you are right that we're beginning to see a cooling off of biotech, which we try to be careful with calling trends, Dave, because it was actually a pretty good first half of the year. So I don't know what the election will do. I don't know what the wars will do. I don't know what any of those things will do. But assuming that it's stable and doesn't get worse, I do think that biotech work and volume could continue to improve for us just because there's still hundreds of new companies minted every year that don't have any internal capacity and we work with a lot of the VCs and a lot of those portfolio companies. So we need to watch it very carefully. Obviously, we need to call it today. We've called a lot of the savings, $150 million, $100 million of which will hit in this year. We've already called that and have implemented a bunch of it and we'll continue to. And then we will, for sure, do more next year.
Flavia Pease: And Jim, I don't have anything else to add. I think you covered it comprehensively.
Dave Windley: So then my follow-up around pricing, I believe your commentary is talking about modest positive price impact in 2Q, but expect that to flip negatively. I know Eric kind of got at this -- but I'm wondering -- we've certainly heard and you and I have talked about some fairly aggressive price discounting by your peers. And I'm wondering kind of the balance as you think about where you feel like you have to chase that down versus maybe some of your softness in bookings is just refusing to chase that down. And maybe you could help us to understand the balance there and how you think that plays out and to what extent you've included price pressure in your margin assumptions for DSA in the back half of the year.
Flavia Pease: Yes. I'll take especially the latter part of the question. So Dave, the pricing -- the dynamics of pricing that we've experienced so far through the first half as well as what we anticipate the trends to be in the second half, and as I said, exiting the year with slight price decline in DSA have been considered in the margin. I'll add some comments on the pricing dynamics and welcome additional color by Jim. But as we said it in the first earnings call, we are being selective. And where it makes sense, we are providing some discounts depending on the nature of work, depending on the start of the work. There's pockets of the work that we do where not a lot of competitors have those capabilities. And in those spaces, we don't feel like we need to provide additional price incentives. There are other pockets that we are being selective and are ensuring that, as appropriate, we do not lose certain volume and certain business. So it's -- I think from a macro trend with the last couple of years, particularly in 2021 and 2022, pricing was extremely positive, higher than historical levels and it started to modulate last year coming into this year, as we said, it was still slightly up in Q2. But we are seeing a shift in trend and plan to exit the year with slight price decline in DSA. Jim, I don't know if you want to add anything else?
Jim Foster: There's no question, Dave, that our competitors principally use price as the lever. And so we don't like to chase it. We try not to. As we said sort of in the first half of the year, we reduced price pretty sparingly to certainly preserve share and to gain share. I just think it feels like it's going to be more pronounced in the back half of the year given the sort of pretty sudden pullback by big pharma and maybe some concern by our biotech clients about access to capital. So price, which for years became less of an issue and maybe for the last year or so, it's become more of an issue. As Flavia said, should become more pronounced in the back half of the year. We're anticipating that, that's embedded in our guidance.
Operator: We'll go next now to Patrick Donnelly of Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Jim, I guess maybe one for you. Just as you think about some of these headwinds, it sounds like you're suggesting a few of them will linger into '25. I know you kind of said pharma pullbacks, it would be hard to believe that those don't linger into '25. So I guess, when you kind of think high level, which of these headwinds persist for several quarters and where you have visibility into things may be improving, I guess, just when you look at the backlog, cancellation rates, what are the areas of real concern as we head into '25 that you don't expect to improve at least at the start of the year? And where are you feeling maybe okay to start next year?
Jim Foster: Again, we're going to continue to have this tale of 2 cities. We definitely dialed into biotech and they have no internal capacity. So if they're in a preclinical phase or moving into it, we have a very high probability to get meaningful amount of that work. And as we've said to you for some period of time, they historically have been a little less price sensitive than big pharma. I know that's a surprising comment, but it's true. So I think we're very much in touch with that marketplace. As I said earlier, it's very much about the psychology of access to capital. So we just have to see how the capital markets unfold. I mean, a little bit rocky right now. The summer is also a very difficult time to call it. There's maybe a dozen pharma companies left. We're very close to all of them. We have a very high-level relationships. I'd say the majority of them don't do the work internally. So they're also quite dependent on us. They adjust, and with a lot of them, we have long-term pricing arrangements. So that's -- while there will be some pressure on price, it's just going to be more about volume as they cut back and try to preserve their cost structure. So as we said, we're going to see that persist. I would imagine biotech becomes more positive, faster than big pharma who I think has some major restructure -- major structural improvements to make it because there's no way they can make them overnight. They're going to look to us to help them make them. So CRADL will be important. I do think Safety will continue to be important. And definitely, all of our Manufacturing segment will be increasingly more important to them. So for us, it's again, we have a very strong portfolio. We think it's scientifically superior to all of the competitors, both individually and in the aggregate. We just have to lean out the infrastructure dramatically, so that we're a little bit not as tied to the time frame, assuming that it's softer for longer than we think. But we just don't see any reason why this would change for us for 2025, given that we're not [indiscernible].
Patrick Donnelly: And maybe following up on a few of your points there. I mean, in terms of the softness on the pharma side, are you seeing it -- it sounds like it's more broad-based versus concentrated on just a few customers. And then also in your conversations with customers, are you seeing it more on where you play in the discovery preclinical? Or in your view, is it this broad-based softening kind of across pharma spend?
Jim Foster: So it's definitely broad-based. We're seeing it with every client, and as I said before, we have very large market shares and huge for us, very -- increasingly large dollar volumes. across all of big pharma. And with the exception of the two companies that are making GLP-1s, virtually all of them are going through substantial cutbacks of staff, facilities and portfolio at the same time. Having said that, there's no question that it disproportionately adversely impacts, I don't know, some of the tools companies probably, definitely folks that are playing in discovery and safety to the benefit of clinical work. So it's all a big portion. By the way, that's where most of the money is spent anyway, but it's all a push to get drugs into the clinic and to try to get as many drugs into the market. It's possible that so far for new drugs that have been approved is meaningfully behind the prior year. So I think that's also another problem with them. So they see a patent cliff. They're sort of working really hard to get more drugs into the clinic and into the market. That's not easy to do. They've got the IRA legislation to make that a bit more complex, a lot of competition around similar targets, similar types of molecules and they definitely just have too much to fight off right now. So again, it's difficult to know, I won't say even predict, to know how long there will be a disproportionate focus on the clinic. But we know it can't be forever or there is no pharmaceutical industry. We know that they have to use, hopefully, drugs that successfully get to market to fund more work on the IND phase, and then ultimately, more discovery to start. So we've seen this before. I typically personally don't think there are cycles in this business. But in times of economic stress, sort of -- I don't think the situation is as bad, but we saw in 2009, '10, '11, '12, we had a similar period where our client base pretty much on a broad gauge basis is watching and spending carefully and all we can do -- look, we're merely reflections. We are merely a reflection of the aggregate amount of work of big pharma and biotech data. Obviously, that's what we do, right? We don't have any of our own molecules. And while we have an increasing amount of services in and around the clinic, so that's good. Our manufacturing business should continue to do well as we said in our guidance because that's in and around the clinic. The preponderance of our work is in discovery and preclinical, which is less emphasized right now, certainly by the big drug companies.
Operator: We go next now to Tejas Savant at Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Jim, sorry to come that same sort of theme. There's a couple of I guess, remarks you made that I just want to unpack a little bit, right? I mean, generally, in the past, when we've had patent cliff concerns, pharma companies have almost wanted to double down on R&D so that those pipelines or the revenue hole gets filled. It seems to be sort of different this time. So any sort of color on that? And then on the IRA, what has changed in the last couple of months here. Pharma companies, were they actually sort of like optimistic of reversing this entirely in court? Is it a view on election outcomes making them nervous? Because most larger drug companies who went through that drug negotiation process seems to have come out of it feeling reasonably okay with the fallout from the outcome. So maybe you can just elaborate on those two aspects. And then I have a follow-up.
Jim Foster: I mean this is unusual activity for our pharma clients who obviously we've been servicing forever, and that was our principal source of revenue and there's obviously a meaningful source of revenue right now. I think your comments on IRA are accurate except we're surprised that we're hearing more about it lately. So I don't know what sort of restarted that. But almost all the clients have mentioned that. They're mentioning the patent lifts even more. So the notion that they would double down on our R&D to try to offset that, which actually at least on the -- or an early depart makes a lot of sense. Strategically and structurally and organizationally, we just don't see them doing it right now. It's just, as you know, it takes longer to get drugs into the clinic. It takes longer for them to get to market and it costs a lot more. So they just have to work on a smaller number of drugs to offset the impending impact from so many of them, some many of the patents coming off. So feels like unusual activity. It also feels unusually profound and sudden. And as we said, we used the word unexpected because we're really close to these folks and we deal with them every day and we're their service provider, and in many ways, an extension of their own internal facilities. And yet it's not like they said to watch a year ago. I just want to tell you we're going to be -- we're going to emphasize clinical work to the detriment of preclinical so you need to prepare for that, we'll be doing less work with you. So we didn't get that sort of warning or dialogue. I think we're increasingly closer to our clients. We feel that we're sitting on the same side of the table with them. I think a lot of these decisions have been taken relatively recently and probably more to come and haven't been taken yet.
Tejas Savant: And then one on sort of the potential for benefit from the BIOSECURE ACT. I think you alluded to it in the context of the CDMO business. But as you think about sort of potential sort of share gains even within Discovery Services or biologics testing solutions, any color on just dimensioning the potential upside there? And then a quick cleanup on net interest expense for Flavia. So just given that your debt is essentially 80% fixed, you won't benefit from the interest rate cuts, but the interest income might actually go down as well, right? So how are you thinking about that dynamic into the fourth quarter and sort of potentially into 2025?
Jim Foster: I think it's hard to believe that the BIOSECURE ACT won't have a positive benefit to the demand curve for us across lots of what we do, right, biologics, CDMO for sure, some safety, some discovery. I mean it's pretty profound, and there's a lot of Chinese competitors in that space who compete with us principally on price, but have very good scale and our clients have been quite happy with them. And while it's quite clear to us that, that should have a positive benefit, as we said, I think, on our last call or some of the interim conversations we've had at the investor conferences, there's been a very small amount of both conversation and interest and a tiny amount of work that has come with us. So we don't -- we want to be careful not to overstate the potential, although we think there is a potential over time. So we just have to watch and see how it rolls out, see what the ultimate language is, see what the severity is and see whether clients follow. We did say, I think it was on our last call, that we had meetings with a couple of very big venture capital firms with whom we work who said they had, "Instructed their portfolio of companies not to do work in China." And we thought that was an unusually strong inter -- sort of interference with what these portfolio companies do. They didn't say we would prefer you don't use China. They said, we don't want you to. So that gave us an indication that, that might be something that expands. These are VCs that are creating new companies from scratch and the fact that they don't even want to start with China, quite interesting. So it feels like it should have a greater head of steam, doesn't seem to have much right now. A lot of talk about it. So obviously, it's not built into anything that we're saying for this year, and we'll see whether there's any changes post-election on this. And I'll let Flavia take the interest expense question.
Flavia Pease: Sure. And Tejas, given that the -- any change in interest rates by the Fed will likely be at the end -- the tail end of the year, the timing of these reductions will not really have any meaningful impact on our outlook. Not to mention also 80% of our debt is fixed until November when we have the swap on the $500 million expire. I know you talked also about could that put pressure on your interest income. But we try to keep very little cash, obviously, given that our objective is to pay down debt. So that would be de minimis as well. And in terms of outlook for next year, anything that the Fed does in terms of bringing interest rates down will obviously be positive for us because we will have a little bit less that fix given the swap will expire. And so the amount of floating of our debt will increase. And if interest rates come down, that would actually be positive for us.
Operator: We'll go next now to Casey Woodring at JPMorgan.
Casey Woodring: I guess first quick one. What's your assumption on NHP pricing in the context of the comments you made today on DSA pricing pressure in the back half of the year? And I just have one quick follow-up.
Flavia Pease: I can take that one, Casey. So -- and I'll separate it a little bit because I'm assuming that your question is more focused on NHP pricing in the DSA business, but I'll also provide some commentary on NHP pricing when we sell it to third parties, which is reflected in the RMS business. So for DSA, NHP pricing was still slightly positive in the second quarter as we, I think, indicated. And it's off from the peak levels of last year, but still positive. It will probably follow the same pattern as overall pricing for the DSA business, so probably modulate to slightly decline in the tail end of this year. Shifting now to the NHP pricing within RMS. Obviously, we have 2 parts of that business, I think, as we have commented since we acquired Noveprim. We have the NHP sales in China for China. And then we have now NHP sales through the Noveprim acquisition. So in China, prices have come down and they have been reflected in our results so far this year, and we'll continue to expect them to be at the levels that we're experiencing them today. And then in the case of Noveprim, prices are stable. They -- these agreements are long-term relationships and we haven't experienced price pressure there this year and do not expect it to happen in the second half of the year.
Casey Woodring: And then you mentioned cancellations are still not back to target levels and net book-to-bill was below one again this quarter. Just curious how much of that cancellation number in the quarter was from large pharma versus biotech? The impression in the past have been a lot of the cancellations have been from biotechs that couldn't pay for the work that they had booked too far in advance. But now with the large pharma restructuring you called out here, just wondering if that's really driving the heightened cancellations here? And what's the expectation for cancellations is moving through the rest of the year?
Flavia Pease: No problem. I'll take that one as well, Jim. And you're correct, Casey, the cancellations for sort of biotech, small and mid-tier companies, actually was a slight sequential improvement from Q1. So less cancellations. And global has actually picked up between Q1 and Q2. So sequentially, it was a deterioration, more cancellations for global in Q2 and an improvement for mid-tiers as you had guessed.
Operator: We go next now to Luke Sergott at Barclays.
Luke Sergott: So I just wanted to talk about the -- I know you guys are taking out costs and aligning the costs with the demand. But as the as that demand starts coming back in DSA, how quickly can you spin up those resources again? And just trying to think about the timing, is it like a quarter ahead given the visibility that you guys have? Or is it kind of it will happen -- have to happen in real time?
Jim Foster: We have to hire even direct labor probably a quarter ahead, that's a good time frame. It's kind of 3 to 4 months to train people that have no background in this work. So not a long period of time, but the people really can't start to contribute the next day. So we try and I think have been successful in staying ahead of that curve. Can't take on new work with without sufficient staff. So think it should be relatively straightforward to get those -- to hire those people or hire them back or hire people. Obviously, senior scientific people and [Indiscernible] directors and things like that, it's much more complicated we were going to hold on to those people as we continue to refine our infrastructure.
Luke Sergott: And then this goes on, I guess, on tail end of Matt Sykes was asking about the prioritization. I mean, this market has been kind of -- this part of the business has been soft for a while with pharma continuing to rationalize this discovery work and keep those budgets tight. Like how long do you think that they can maintain this tight budgetary environment or continue to cut there without it starting to impact the later-phase work?
Jim Foster: It's a good question. I mean pharma is 50% to 70% of the drugs are externally accessed. So you're going to see pharma continue to do a lot of M&A of small, medium and large biotech companies. So I don't think there's going to be much M&A between pharma companies. So that's positive for them. Much of the work that they're doing, particularly in the areas that we work, are currently being outsourced. As they buy the startup or growth biotech companies, they are obviously going to continue to work, but they would buy those companies. So we should benefit from that as well, particularly if that biotech company is a client of ours or the pharma company buys as well. We haven't seen this level of pullback this severe in a long time, but we saw it years ago when there was another patent cliff. So that's just the fact that they can't deny, and they have to fill that hole as quickly as possible. Hence, the emphasis on the clinic. As we said a few times today, it's a bit of an imponderable to try to figure out when they'll reinvigorate pure discovery spending or IND spending. But the IND spending would come sooner than discovery. And it's all essential in terms of continuing to fuel the strength of their pipeline. So at some level, they have to do it all. They have to look at their own infrastructure from facilities, they have to look at it on G&A. They had to look at -- some of them are cutting back therapeutic areas. They have to really refine their infrastructure, which is not something, I think, the pharmaceutical industry has historically done on that well, but they're at the point now where it's really a necessity. So that should -- when the smoke clears, whenever that is, be a significant benefit to us since we do so much of this work -- can do so much this work for them with deeper science, with closer proximity, lower cost, et cetera, et cetera, like we have been for years. So we have to hang in there, get lean, watch our cost structure and try to be as responsive as possible from a sales point of view so that we minimally hold on to share and maximally take share of new work.
Operator: We'll go next now to Michael Ryskin at Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: Given the time, I'm on just going to keep it to one question. I hear your commentary and everything that's changing your view on DSA and yet you're maintaining the guide for RMS. I realize different businesses there, slightly different exposures. But I'm a little bit surprised you're not worried about at least some bleed-through if the pharma pullback is this significant and potentially this protracted that you wouldn't see at least some impact in RMS as the year went on and possibly next year as well. So just curious what gives you confidence in that segment?
Jim Foster: I think we're probably already seeing a little bit of a bleed-through, just to use your language, in North America, which has been a bit slower, and of course, that's where all most of biotech resides. Conversely, Europe, which has less biotech and ironically lots of pharma, has been solid. China is still growing really nicely. That's a function of capital going into life sciences. Just the scale of the country and the scale of our operation because we built some new facilities. So we feel pretty good -- we feel pretty good about our guidance there. We've always gotten price in RMS forever. None of our clients produce their own animals and the competition is relatively small. And while the service parts of RMS are a bit slow at the moment, it's still quite substantial. They've got good operating margins. And they are part of the solution for the clients watching the cost structure. So we would imagine that, that work will stabilize as well. So I think as we said, RMS will continue to do its thing. Our guidance is only 0 to low single digits. So we certainly feel quite confident about our ability to deliver that for the 3 or 4 reasons I just gave you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question this morning. We'll take that now from Max Smock of William Blair.
Max Smock: I'll keep it to one question as well. I just wanted to follow up on some of the prior questions around market share, given your commentary is a bit out of line with what we heard from one of your competitors last week. I was just hoping you could give some detail around how your win rate in DSA has trended so far in 2024 and whether you've seen that hold up for new proposals more recently or if there's any sort of drop off to call out here?
Jim Foster: Our win rate in Safety has been quite high and pretty consistent over a long period of time. So when we go head-to-head given our overall portfolio, given the geography, given the depth of our science, we'll almost always win until there's a serious conversation about price with a client that's just worried about running out of cash. And then they are more open, I think, to compromise on the quality. I don't think that's a big issue when -- and often we don't even bid on that work. There's some very small competitors who really compete entirely on price. So our market share is still quite substantial. It has been growing our win rates have been good. The proposal volume has been quite significant. And the bookings have begun to improve, as we said in our prepared remarks, just not at the rate that we would need them to improve to really invigorate the back half of the year. So we think that's going to be less positive than we thought and exacerbated by pharma pulling back at the same time. But I think we continue to hold our own, do really well from a market share point of view with the entire client base, but certainly particularly biotech.
Flavia Pease: And Max, if I can just add, I think you alluded to one of our competitors that reported last week, if I saw it correctly, and it's a smaller piece of their business, but the piece that we compete more directly, I think their performance in the quarter was worse than ours. And so I think to Jim's point, we believe this is more of a market dynamic as opposed to a competitive dynamic driving the more negative outlook that we are forecasting.
Todd Spencer: I was going to just say, I apologize if we didn't get to some of the questions. It was running long. I will follow up, and thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at some of the investor conferences in September, and this concludes the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Spencer. Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Again, thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will provide comments on our first quarter 2024. 
 Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today, and can be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. 
 I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. 
 During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster. 
James Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing an update on the overall market trends. There has been an increasing focus on market sentiment through the first 4 months of this year from clients, investors and other stakeholders. We still believe that the end market trends for our biopharmaceutical clients remain stable with signs that demand will begin to improve later this year, which is consistent with the outlook that we gave in February. One of these signs is an improvement in biotech funding after 2 years of tempered activity. 
 Biotech funding increased significantly in the first quarter of 2024 to approximately $23 billion, the fourth highest quarter on record. These trends and the improving market sentiment have led to positive discussions with our clients, including at the Annual Society of Toxicology Conference in mid-March, with clients specifically referencing the improving funding environment and optimism that this would lead to additional spending on the early-stage programs this year. 
 We saw increased proposal activity in the first quarter. And while this is encouraging, and we have available capacity to start certain types of work relatively quickly, our outlook for the year remains appropriately measured. We expect it will take time for additional funding and proposal activity to translate into new DSA bookings and revenue generation. Therefore, we continue to expect demand will improve later this year, consistent with our initial outlook from February. 
 Our first quarter financial results reflect a continuation of the demand trends and client spending patterns that we experienced at the end of last year, resulting in an organic revenue decline of 3.3% in the first quarter, in line with our outlook in February. 
 The Manufacturing and RMS segments, both reported solid quarters, primarily driven by a rebound in order activity in the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing businesses as well as the timing of NHP shipments benefiting the RMS segment. As expected, DSA revenue declined at a high single-digit rate organically, due in part to the challenging comparison to the strong organic growth rate with nearly 24% in the first quarter of last year. 
 Demand trends are continuing to stabilize, reflecting the more positive sentiment in our end markets and reinforcing our financial outlook for the year. There has also been an increasing focus on the BIOSECURE Act this year. It is too early to determine the final outcome of this proposed legislation, both the content of the final bill, if passed, and the potential impact on the broader biopharmaceutical industry. 
 With approximately 95% of our revenue base in North America and Europe, we assume that the potential impact on Charles River would likely be a net positive, should the bill be passed, but it's too early to determine the magnitude of the potential impact. The long-term industry fundamentals for drug development also remain firmly intact because the overwhelming demand to find life-saving treatments for rare diseases and many other unmet medical needs is unchanged. 
 Biotechs are beginning to move back into favor in the capital markets and will lead the way while large pharma has consistently adapted to scientific advancements, the regulatory environment and a drive to be more efficient. Therefore, we firmly believe the industry's healthy growth prospects will reaccelerate. It's not a matter of if, but when clients will reinvigorate their investments in early-stage R&D. As the leader in preclinical drug development, Charles River is the logical outsourcing partner to advance our clients' programs and enhance their speed to market. 
 I will now provide highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $1.01 billion in the first quarter of 2024, a 1.7% decrease on a reported basis over last year.  
 Organic revenue declined 3.3%, as solid performances from the Manufacturing and RMS segments were offset by the anticipated decline in DSA revenue. By client segment, revenue from small and midsized biotechs declined, partially offset by higher revenue from global biopharmaceutical and academic clients. The operating margin was 18.5%, a decrease of 270 basis points year-over-year. The decline was principally driven by a lower DSA operating margin, reflecting the impact of lower sales volume as well as higher unallocated corporate costs. The restructuring initiatives that we implemented have not yet generated a full quarterly cost savings, which will occur in the second half of 2024. 
 Earnings per share were $2.27 in the first quarter, a decrease of 18.3% from the first quarter of last year. The decline reflects the lower revenue and operating margin as well as a higher tax rate. First quarter earnings per share exceeded our initial outlook in February, due in part to a timing shift of NHP shipments, which moved into the first quarter and benefited RMS results. 
 For the full year, we are reaffirming our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. We continue to expect revenue growth of 1% to 4% on a reported basis and flat to 3% growth on an organic basis. Our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance remains in a range of $10.90 to $11.40. As I mentioned, there were some movements in the forecast between quarters, but our outlook for the year is essentially unchanged. 
 I'd like to provide you with additional details on our first quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment's results. DSA revenue in the first quarter was $605.5 million, a decrease of 8.7% on an organic basis. Quarterly decline reflected a challenging comparison to the 23.6% growth rate last year as well as lower revenue in both Discovery Services and Safety Assessment businesses. Lower study volume in the Safety Assessment business was partially offset by a small benefit from pricing. We are modestly adjusting price on new proposals, when appropriate, to drive incremental volume. 
 Looking at the broader demand trends, Safety Assessment, proposal activity and cancellations improved on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. This has not yet translated fully into improved bookings, but we are cautiously optimistic that these trends will lead to improved demand during the second half of the year. As we have noted in the past, the study mix routinely shifts back and forth over time. And we believe that new funding will enable our clients to shift their R&D focus back to IND-enabling studies from post-IND work that has been the focus for much of the past year. 
 As a reminder, there's a natural lag between the time that a client gets new funding and reaches out for a study proposal to when the client will book and subsequently begin the new work with us. The process can take a few quarters, which is factored into our expectation that demand will improve modestly later in the year. As a result of these trends, the DSA backlog decreased modestly on a sequential basis to $2.35 billion at the end of the first quarter from $2.45 billion at year-end. Gross bookings remained stable at above 1x, while the net book-to-bill ratio remained below 1x, but did improve slightly due to the lower cancellation rate in the first quarter. 
 The DSA operating margin was 23.5% in the first quarter, a 550 basis point decrease from the first quarter of 2023. The year-over-year decline reflected the challenging comparison to last year's outstanding operating margin performance. However, the first quarter operating margin was also below our longer-term targeted level in the mid- to high 20% range because lower sales volume and moderating price increases in Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses were unable to cover cost inflation. 
 We expect the DSA operating margin to move towards targeted levels as demand rebounds in the second half of the year. RMS revenue was $220.9 million, an increase of 3.3% on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2023. The RMS segment benefited primarily from higher NHP revenue as well as from higher sales of small research models in all geographic regions, due primarily to sustained pricing increases and from research model services. 
 Revenue for small models increased in North America, Europe and China, due primarily to pricing, with growth in China leading all regions. While the growth rate in China has been compressed by the well-chronicled macroeconomic challenges in the country, we believe RMS demand has been less affected than other life science sector. We believe the resilience of the Research Models business, both in China and the rest of the world, comes from the fact that small models are essential, low-cost tools for research and without which research cannot proceed. 
 From a services perspective, revenue increased modestly. Insourcing Solutions, or IS, continued to generate higher revenue led by the CRADL operations. And we also signed new contracts for our legacy IS [ Vivarium ] management solutions. As we mentioned in February, the CRADL growth rate is expected to accelerate during the year. we are monitoring the occupancy rates and new facility ramp in light of the biotech demand environment, which remains healthy overall. 
 We are balancing opening new sites in higher demand bio-hubs like Boston, Cambridge and San Diego, with consolidation of capacity in more saturated regions like South San Francisco. The timing of NHP shipments to third-party clients also benefited first quarter results, both in China and from Noveprim, the Mauritius-based supplier in which we acquired a controlling interest late last year. These shipments accelerate into the first quarter. So although it would not change our RMS revenue outlook this year, it will affect the quarterly gating and pressure the second quarter RMS revenue growth rate. 
 In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 420 basis points to 27.6%. The robust improvement was primarily driven by the benefit from higher NHP revenue in the first quarter, including the contribution from Noveprim. We do not expect the RMS operating margin will be sustained at this level for the full year as the gating of NHP shipments normalized, but continue to expect margin improvement in the RMS and Manufacturing segments will enable us to achieve our outlook for the year. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $185.2 million, an increase of 10.4% on an organic basis compared to the first quarter of last year. Each of these segment's businesses contributed to the revenue growth, led by the CDMO business. 
 We were pleased that, as expected, revenue rebounded in both our Biologics Testing Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses in the first quarter and Biologics Testing improved fourth quarter proposal volume led to the solid first quarter performance. Proposal and booking activity also increased meaningfully year-over-year in the first quarter, which confirmed the trends that emerged at the end of last year are continuing. Clients appear to be returning to the core testing activities, including cell banking and viral clearance, which were the services that slowed at the beginning of 2023. 
 In Microbial Solutions, we continue to see signs that destocking activity is winding down and believe it is now largely complete. Clients have resumed their purchases of reagents and consumables, and spending on new instruments was reactivated with an increase of new orders, particularly for the Endosafe MCS endotoxin testing system. 
 We believe that our comprehensive manufacturing quality control testing portfolio, which continues to resonate with clients and will help to reinvigorate the Manufacturing segment's growth rate in 2024. Our Biologics Testing and Microbial Solutions businesses are excellent examples of our focus on sustainable practices and the advancement of nonanimal alternative. 
 In Biologics Testing, we have launched an initiative with our clients to end the remaining in vivo testing use of viral safety and lot release testing, replacing it with in vitro methodologies. One of the alternative methods is next-generation sequencing testing that we are able to offer to clients through our partnership with PathoQuest. 
 Our Microbial Solutions business also introduced the cartridge technology to our animal-free and Endosafe Trillium Endotoxin Testing platform, which will promote Trillium's adoption to those clients who are looking to implement more sustainable testing practices. These are 2 examples of how we are already responsibly driving progress to reduce animal use and adopt alternative technologies, and I will provide additional details shortly on our new program to advance alternatives. 
 The CDMO business drove the segment's growth rate in the first quarter as a good for most of last year. generating solid double-digit growth. Client interest continues to be strong with new projects starting almost weekly across the various phases of clinical development. Cell therapy production activities for our 2 commercial clients are beginning to ramp up as well. The second quarter growth comparison will be more challenging for the CDMO business as we anniversary the recovery of the business in the second quarter of last year. But the sales funnel remains robust, and we continue to expect solid double-digit growth this year. 
 Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 25.3%, significant improvement from 13.7% in the first quarter of last year. The increase was driven primarily by higher sales volume as each of the Manufacturing segment's businesses are regaining traction as well as the comparison to last year's lease impairment in the CDMO business. 
 Before turning the call over to Flavia, I'd like to provide an update on new initiatives that we are implementing to maintain our leadership position in nonclinical drug development. Last quarter, I discussed client-facing initiatives that we have implemented to become an even stronger scientific partner to our clients as well as actions to drive greater operational efficiencies. 
 In April, we launched our AMAP, or AMAP program, to drive positive change and better position the company for the future state of the industry. AMAP, or the Alternative Message Advancement Project, is aimed at initiatives dedicated to developing alternatives to reduce animal testing. 
 We intend to remain at the forefront of evaluating and implementing new and innovative technologies, including alternative technologies, to enhance the role that we play in helping our clients bring their life-saving therapies to market more efficiently. We anticipate these technologies will have greater impact on drug discovery as they already have begun with screening for lead compounds rather than a regulated safety testing process. Change will take time, which is why we intend to engage key stakeholders, including clients, partner organizations, thought leaders, policymakers and NGOs, in the pursuit of scientific and technological innovation focused on advancing animal alternatives. 
 We had already been exploring alternatives to reduce animal testing through our initial investment of $200 million over the past 4 years. A portion of that investment enabled us to acquire a partner and internally develop more sustainable technologies, including the animal-free Endosafe Trillium Endotoxin test, and our partnership with PathoQuest for next-gen sequencing that I just mentioned. 
 Over the next 5 years, our goal is to invest an additional $300 million to fund similar initiatives under AMAP to enhance the development and utilization of alternative technologies. We intend to continue to lead the way in driving our industry to its next frontier. 
 To conclude, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our first quarter financial performance and 2024 guidance. 
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. 
 First quarter 2024 organic revenue decreased at a 3.3% rate, in line with the February outlook. However, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.27, which exceeded the outlook that we provided in February of at least $2. The primary drivers of the earnings outperformance were the acceleration of NHP shipments into the first quarter and a strong performance from the Manufacturing segment, which delivered organic revenue growth of 10.4%. 
 As Jim mentioned, we continue to expect full year reported revenue growth of 1% to 4% and organic revenue growth of flat to a 3% increase as well as non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $10.90 to $11.40. We reaffirmed our annual revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance because the first quarter outperformance was largely driven by the timing of NHP shipments, which only affects the quarterly gating in 2024 and not our full year outlook. 
 Our segment outlook for 2024 revenue growth remains essentially unchanged as noted on Slide 30. We also continue to expect consolidated operating margin expansion of at least 50 basis points in 2024. We are diligently managing the cost structure and our focus on driving efficiency, with restructuring initiatives expected to generate approximately $70 million of annualized cost savings or the upper end of our prior range. As anticipated, unallocated corporate costs were just above 6% of revenue at 6.2% compared to 4.3% of revenue in the first quarter of last year, contributing to the operating margin headwind in the first quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs will moderate from first quarter levels to just above 5% of revenue. 
 The first quarter tax rate was 23.3%, an increase of 160 basis points year-over-year. The increase was primarily due to the impact from stock-based compensation. This was slightly better than our February outlook of a mid-20% tax rate because stock-based compensation was favorable due to a higher stock price during the quarter. 
 We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be in the range of 23% to 24%, which is unchanged from our previous outlook. Net interest expense of $32.8 million in the first quarter was similar to both the prior year and fourth quarter levels as floating interest rates and debt balances were relatively stable. 
 For the year, we expect net interest expense to trend slightly favorable, which would put us at the low end of our prior outlook of $125 million to $130 million. As a reminder, nearly 3/4 of our $2.7 billion debt at the end of the first quarter was at a fixed rate. At the end of the first quarter, our gross leverage ratio was 2.4x, and our net leverage ratio was 2.3x. Free cash flow was $50.7 million in the first quarter compared to $2.5 million last year with a $28 million decrease in capital expenditures, driving much of the improvement. 
 Capital expenditures were $79.1 million in the first quarter compared to $106.9 million last year, due primarily to moderating capacity expansions to match current demand. For the year, we continue to expect free cash flow to be in a range of $400 million to $440 million and CapEx is expected to be approximately $300 million. A summary of our 2024 financial guidance can be found on Slide 35. 
 Looking ahead to the second quarter. We expect reported and organic revenue will decline at a low to mid-single-digit rate year-over-year. Our second quarter expectations include a modest sequential increase in DSA revenue as trends begin to improve. The second quarter revenue growth rates for both the RMS and Manufacturing segments are expected to be constrained by the timing of NHP shipments in RMS and the anniversary of last year's CDMO growth rebound in the Manufacturing segment. Earnings per share are expected to improve from the first quarter level with an outlook of mid-single-digit sequential earnings growth over the $2.27 reported in the first quarter. 
 We expect the tax rate and interest expense will remain relatively stable from the first quarter levels, and the operating margin will remain somewhat constrained until the second half of the year when we recognize the full benefit from the cost savings and the revenue growth rate reaccelerates to cover more of the annual cost inflation. 
 In conclusion, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and are confident in our outlook for the year. Demand for our unique nonclinical portfolio is resilient, and we remain focused on executing our strategy, driving efficiency and gaining market share. Thank you. 
Todd Spencer: That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Ryskin with Bank of America Securities. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Wolf ] on for Mike. I guess the first one would be on how should we think about pacing RMS revenues given the accelerated NHP shipment that we saw? The cadence through the back of the rest of the year would be great. We have a related follow-up. 
James Foster: What was the beginning of the question? 
Flavia Pease: I think he was just saying he was stepping in for Mike. And the question is about timing of NHP shipments in RMS. Maybe I can take that. I think we have commented that our quarters are not linear, and I actually added when we provided guidance for this year that the -- adding the Noveprim business into the [indiscernible] would result in additional nonlinearity in our quarters because those shipments are not timed in a way that they always happen at the same time in every year. 
 So it is going to introduce a little bit of lumpiness, if you will, quarter-by-quarter. But as we spoke in our prepared remarks, this was a shift between the second quarter and first quarter. And within the year, we feel very comfortable and confident with the guidance. So it's going to make your guys' lives a little bit more challenging to pinpoint the segment within the quarters, but that's just the nature of that part of the business. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Wonderful. And hopefully, you can hear me a bit better now. Then I would just like to ask on kind of your confidence in the ramp through the year, given your book-to-bill is still trending below one. I know you noted some improvements there, but just anything to make us more comfortable there would be great. 
James Foster: I mean our confidence in the back half of the year ramp is premised on a multiplicity of things. Inflows to the VCs, wonderful funding in the capital markets, fourth best in the history of biotech last quarter, the increase in proposal volume, modest reduction in cancellations and just the general dialogue with our clients, a; b, the comps of last year; and c, the fact that we can see pent-up demand on the part of our clients. 
 And it seems like there were a fair number of [indiscernible] across the board with our clients that drugs were developed, lead compounds were developed and for funding reason and prioritization reasons, sort of paused. We talked a lot in the last quarter and the quarter before that, about post-IND work being focused on. We think clients need to and will get back to actual IND filing work because that's the most critical thing that they do to get drugs into the clinic. 
 So as the funding is improving and their feelings about continued access to funding is more positive, we're pretty confident. We've had a very similar situation in the last 2 years that I know we're -- I don't know about concerning, but we're a bit maybe surprising to our shareholder base that things -- we had 1 year where things were much stronger in the first quarter and other year, the second, and this is a similar phenomenon. 
 We've talked often about the fact that we have no control or when studies start and stop. And as Flavia just said, we don't have linearity in our business and never will. So given from whence we've come and the change in the funding environment and our constant conversations on a daily basis with literally thousands of clients, we have a high degree of confidence that things will accelerate meaningfully in the back half of the year. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Max Smock with William Blair. 
Max Smock: Starting with DSA, you had the comment in the deck about modestly adjusting price on new proposals, when appropriate, to drive incremental volume. Just wanted to follow up and get a little bit more color around the rationale behind that decision and specifically how NHP pricing is playing into pricing for these proposals in the DSA segment more broadly. 
James Foster: So the principal way our competitors compete with Charles River is with regard to price. So competition has prices pretty much across the board, a bit slower than ours. I certainly don't think the workers is good or the science is a substantive or the infrastructure is as significant. But it's a fact. And so in challenging financial times and people are sort of worried about access to capital, I think pricing is more important. 
 So we have thoughtfully and strategically utilize price as necessary to preserve and more importantly, to win work. We haven't done this in a wholesale fashion because the studies are very complicated, and we feel that we need to be paid well.
 So we'll continue to use the strategy as long as it's necessary. We've, obviously, had -- historically where we had more pricing power, and we didn't have to do that. On the NHP pricing side, I would say that it's a meaningful part of what we do. Competition's prices have been higher. And so on the NHP work and on what they pay for the NHPs, and so I think that actually is -- has been somewhat beneficial to us in the whole pricing paradigm. So not the first time we've used price as an important strategic tool. 
Max Smock: Got it. And just following up on that. Were you anticipating having to cut prices so much coming into the year? Or has this been more of a reaction to how competitive dynamics have changed over the last few months? And then in regard to the price cuts, is there any detail you can give us around just how dramatically you've been cutting prices on some of this work? And what it means for gross margin, specifically gross margin on services, which is down, I think, nearly 350 basis points year-over-year and the lowest number that we've seen in over 5 years here. 
James Foster: I mean that's one of our volume. I wouldn't say we've been dramatically cutting prices. I would say that we've been cutting prices very modestly, to be more competitive, to have clients that are on the edge, to say that Charles River's science is better. I want to work with that. But I need better price and are concerned about access to capital. So as I said, we feel that we're doing it responsive, responsibly and thoughtfully. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I would comment on the margin, I think Jim started alluding to that. It's really more the volume that is putting pressure on margins given the ability to cover cost inflation. There's a little bit of restructuring costs that are impacting on a GAAP basis, the gross margin as well. We talked about our $70 million of savings that we're going to get on an annualized basis. So that impacts gross margin as well. But I think we also talked about how this will evolve throughout the year, and we expect that as volume comes back stronger in the second half and our restructuring initiatives fully implemented that, that will have a positive impact on margin -- gross margin as well as operating margin. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies. 
David Windley: I wanted to follow up on Max's question on price and maybe ask a slightly different way. So in your deck, you talked about moderating price increases and Flavia, the point you just made about inflation and then this discussion of adjusting prices down. I guess what I'm wondering is, does price, over the course of this year, based on what you're pricing into the backlog, does price move from what has been a pretty good contributor to a moderate contributor in the first quarter to a headwind as we move through the year? Is that kind of the way we should think about price contribution? 
Flavia Pease: Yes, Dave, what I would say is price is definitely not going to be as much of a tailwind as it had been in the past few years. And I think we are, as Jim said, appropriately, pricing given the market conditions and the domain environment. In our guidance for the year, we still contemplate positive pricing. And at the top end of our guidance, we are also contemplating some flat to slightly up volume. And so I think what will be critical in the margin impact is seeing that rebound in volume as Jim said, the strength in biotech funding starts translating into not only proposals for bookings and then revenue, which we fully expect will happen. I think as we said, it's not a matter of this but when. And that will be the key contributor to the margin accelerating throughout the year. 
David Windley: Got it. And then from this first quarter level, to get to your segment guidance in -- for DSA, you're looking at a pretty significant intra-year increase, I guess, how much of that -- your backlog is still fairly substantial versus historical pre-pandemic standards. How much of that growth can you see in backlog versus the point that you just made and seeing volume improve? And then as an additional part to this question, is there anything built into those expectations relative to BIOSECURE? Or is that kind of left on the side, would be upside if the bill passes? 
James Foster: So a significant amount of revenue we can't see, we see not all of it. But as I said, proposal volume has been increasing nicely, and we anticipate that bookings will follow. There's usually a lag. So we're going to need a couple of quarters to see this, but we're confident given the dialogue with the clients that we will. BIOSECURE Act is an interesting one. Not legislation yet, but dialogue opportunity seems positive. So no, there's nothing built into our guidance that assumes anything about the BIOSECURE Act because it would be premature to do that.
 Having said that, we would be surprised if there isn't some benefit to us. There's a fair amount of conversation with clients and a trivial amount of work that we've got specifically as a result of that. You understand that our facilities are principally in the U.S. and Europe. So we are an alternative for folks that either can't or don't want to continue to do their work in China. So I think directionally, it's something positive to watch. As I said, we would be surprised, if it doesn't have a benefit to us. But we're certainly not assuming that there's anything that's imminent and it's certainly [indiscernible] . 
David Windley: Got it. If I could just sneak one last one in on the price relative to inflation comments. So Flavia, you talked about inflation that impacting margin. I guess, my assumption would have been that inflation would have been moderating along with price. Maybe you could put those in relation as to what is kind of still propping up the inflation cost side of the equation there, in terms of price to cost. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. What I would say, Dave, is over the last several -- couple of years when inflation definitely escalated beyond historical levels. I talked about we were actually recouping that and plus some more, right? And so price is very strong, but also the costs have increased more meaningfully than historically. Obviously, inflation is now coming down a bit. And so obviously, our price is coming down as a result of that as well. But what I'm just saying is the relationship between those 2 maybe was a bit more favorable in the last couple of years than obviously, it is right now. And because we don't have as much of the volume, especially in the earlier part of the year, sales are still down in the first quarter. That's putting pressure on the ability to fully absorb inflation in the fixed cost that we have. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. 
Elizabeth Anderson: I was curious, Jim, if you could expand on your comment about sort of ability to start work right away. Can you sort of talk to capacity levels in the industry? Where are you guys on space utilization? And sort of what have you sort of doing, in terms of it's probably hard to titrate with the demand now versus what you're expecting in the back half of the year? So any further commentary there would be helpful. 
James Foster: So general proposition is that we try to utilize our space as fully and efficiently as possible. So we don't have huge amounts of empty space in any of our businesses. And as you know, depending on the demand, we're always adding to our capacity. Having said that, we have some incremental capacity in some of our businesses across the board. So we do have the ability to accommodate increased work in the back half of the year across multiple businesses and particularly in Safety Assessment.
 And if it's better than we anticipate, we would have the capacity to do that as well. The potential rate-limiting factor is availability of staff. So as we see things improving, we'll have to add incremental staff and because there's some training time associated with that. So physical capacity, I think, fine. Access to clients is very good, in terms of our ability to get out there with the sales force. Staffing generally, in a very good place now, from an efficiency and margin point of view given the current demand but will require some incremental adds as business intensifies. 
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's very helpful. And then if we just think about like the incrementals in terms of DSA margins as we move through the year. What -- so the key focus is volumes and then the cost savings, any other like potential positives and then potential -- like any other major like pluses or minuses to call out as we think about that progression specifically in DSA? 
Flavia Pease: No. It was a bit -- I -- Flavia -- I think it's really what you just highlighted. We are expecting sequential improvement in DSA revenue on a dollar basis, obviously, on a percentage basis as well. But with that bigger size of business, it would obviously drive margins. There's some fixed costs in our business. And in addition to that, to your point as I said, when we provided guidance, the restructuring actions that we have put in place will be fully executed in the second half. And so that also will be the additional tailwind to drive margins. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Leonard with UBS. 
Daniel Leonard: My first question, is it possible you could quantify that increase in proposal activity you talked about in Safety Assessment? 
Flavia Pease: Yes. We're -- I don't think we're going to quantify the dollar proposal activity increase. I think we talked about it being sequentially up both year-over-year at being up both sequentially and year-over-year. And I think you also saw us talk about the impact -- the net impact into the backlog of bookings and cancellations. Cancellations also went improved sequentially in the first quarter. And so our adjustment to the backlog, the decrease was smaller than the decrease on Q4 versus Q3. but I don't think it will talk specifics in terms of what percentage of the increase we saw in proposals. 
James Foster: And the combination of increased proposals and reduced cancellations portends increased bookings. And as I said earlier, we always have a lag on that. Clients have to be confident that the funding improvement is sustainable. And I think we all believe that it is sustainable. April was a very good funding month, by the way, for biotech as well. So we're quite confident that we'll see it. It's built into our guidance. And those are the 3 metrics that we watch cancellations, proposal volume and ultimately, bookings. So I think we're on a track to achieve second half improved performance. 
Daniel Leonard: Understood. And Jim, you talked a lot about the leading indicators in biotech. Can you speak to what leading indicators you're seeing on the large pharma front as well? 
James Foster: Yes. They're not fundamentally different. Pharma has been aggressively and continuously outsourcing loss of the type of work that we do, particularly Safety Assessment and some lesser extent, discovery to us for a period of years. We can and do, do the work faster at a lower price point and usually with better science than that. So it's a small number of pharma companies that are holding on to those. It's interesting since they have very rich balance sheets that there's still been hesitancy on their part to book work. And that's just a function of trying to make budgets like any public companies do and also the necessity to prioritize.
 So we -- surprisingly, I wouldn't say we've seen a fundamental difference in the activity between pharma and biotech. Obviously, there's some fragile biotech companies that are worried about getting to proof of concept or getting the drugs at the clinics that are very -- perhaps more careful about spending and working on a smaller number of assets. Having said that, historically and actually currently, our volume is much higher with biotech. So it's an important client base for us.
 So you probably have a greater impact on spending with the biotech companies than pharma but again, it won't be overnight. I do think they're going to have to continue to see month-after-month improvement, and we have a high level of confidence, subject to the caveat that control over this. And there's a lot of factors going on in this world that could affect people's viewpoint, but it feels like the IPO market has opened up nicely. VC inflows have been dramatic actually. M&A activity has been positive as well.
 And I think as you all know, our client base, whether it's large or small, really has very strong assets right now molecules for unmet medical needs, that they absolutely want to get back to developing and getting those drugs into the clinic. So I think the overall environment is quite positive. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. 
Casey Woodring: I guess a two-parter here. First is, did you give how many months of backlog you have? I think at the end of 4Q, you had 12 months, and you talked about your normalized ranges kind of 6 to 9 months time frame. So can you walk us through that? And then you talked a lot about safety in the prepared when talking about DSA, but can you just elaborate on how Discovery fared in the quarter relative to your expectations? 
Flavia Pease: Yes. I'll just take the question on the backlog and then Jim can talk about Discovery. So the backlog is at 10 months. So to your point, Casey, I think, for 2 or 3 quarters of last year, kind of hovered around 12, trickling down a little bit. But I think we've been saying that to your point, historical norms were 6 to 9. So what we're hearing from clients is actually that kind of reversed to the norm of they are booking 2 to 3 quarters in advance. So I think that tends -- feels consistent with what we're hearing from clients terms of what they're working on and what they want to book ahead. 
James Foster: So Discovery is an interesting one. So no question that's been the hardest hit of all of our businesses by overall economy. And there's a lot of dialogue around as funding continues to improve, how quickly will that come back? And it certainly will come back. Studies, to some extent, shorter. But unlikely to come back first. A lot of our pharma clients still do that work internally. And as I said earlier, what we think will come back first are pre-IND work for drugs that have already been developed but haven't been filed yet as opposed to post-IND work.
 We feel strongly they're going to get back to funding that more quickly. Discovery is a relatively small percentage of our DSA portfolio. So we're focused primarily on Safety Assessment business in terms of our growth rate. And it's unlikely to be the canary in the coal mine that we talked about so often, just because as you look at the whole drug development process, going to be much more important for them to get stuff into regulated safety trials. 
 So we like our discovery franchise. We have important assets that clients, large and small, continue to use but have used in larger measure historically. As funding becomes more sufficient and they're funding the assets that have already been developed, obviously, the long-term health of our client base is premised on their ability to do appropriate and impactful discovery spending. 
 So still slow, still impacted, still small. We'll let you know as soon as that changes, but clearly has had the greatest adverse impact from the overall economic situation in the country. And I think our competition across discovery is in exactly the same place. 
Casey Woodring: That's helpful. And maybe just if I can sneak one more in, just because we haven't touched on it, is on the manufacturing rebound in the quarter. It looks like each business there is seeing nice growth, and the segment came in above Street expectations. Curious if you think there was upside to the guide in manufacturing this year just in terms of how quickly that business has began to turn to start the year? 
James Foster: Well, that would be nice. That would be nice. We certainly hope so. We certainly don't have that in our guide. It certainly would anticipate, necessarily anticipate that, but we're very pleased that we've had strong growth across the entire segment in the first quarter. You see that people are back to business in biologics, and we have a very strong franchise there. You see that folks that had big inventories of disposables. I have worked through those in our microbial business and the CDMO business to a distinct pleasure as a double-digit grower that we're getting a lot of traction as people recognize the quality of our assets, and we have some commercial drugs that we're working on and the facilities are -- have been expanded nicely.
 So at a minimum, we would expect that business to continue to be a strong one with -- I think we're saying now mid-single-digit growth for the year with significantly better operating margins, although those are relatively easy comps on the CDMO side. But all 3 of those businesses will continue to improve. We would have to stop short, particularly at this point in the year saying that there's upside to those numbers. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I think to Jim's point, we've modestly adjusted, right? I think the guidance in the beginning of the year was low to mid-single digit, and I think we're now saying mid-single digits. So we raised a little bit the bottom end there. But I think that's a reflection of the strength of the first quarter, but we don't want to get ahead of our skis, as Jim said, to say that there is upside to the guidance that we just provided you today. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. 
Tejas Savant: Jim, one quick one for you on NHP pricing actually. I know you talked about pricing more broadly here, but I think last time, you guys have called out about a modest $15 million to $35 million benefit in the guide for your ability to reach pricing in light of competitors being higher. Is that still the right view? Or is that now essentially off the table in light of those strategic, selective pricing adjustments you alluded to? 
James Foster: We would say that that's still the view. Competition had prices significantly higher than we. So they had to come. They've had to bring their prices down. I think it gives us a little bit of pricing power actually. So we're also really pleased with our sourcing of NHPs, particularly given the acquisition that we recently made. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And I'll just add. I think NHP pricing is still positive in the first quarter. We are seeing it come down from the peak, if you will. And I think as I've been saying for the last couple of quarters, I think some competitors are signaling to significant decreases. I think it's more because they're coming down to our level. So we still experienced year-over-year, a modest increase in NHP pricing, although as I said in Q1, it is modestly down from peak levels. 
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then a couple of unrelated follow-ups. One on the CDMO piece, Jim, where is capacity utilization today? And what's embedded in the guide in terms of where you finish the year just in light of the ramping backlog of work are? And then on your comments on China. Are you seeing any sort of widening in that price disparity versus the Chinese CROs, particularly outside of China as we look to defense share at all? And any early sort of green shoots from the stimulus that just went -- I mean, that was put out there in March, in terms of how that could benefit local demand in China into your end or perhaps '25? 
James Foster: So we've added an appropriate amount of space. I guess, I would say that the CDMO manufacturing facility in that is lots of audits by clients and regulatory agencies. So we're in very good shape to accommodate the client base where we have already a couple of commercial clients. Hopefully, we'll have more. And we're also getting additional clinical clients I'm dealing with some of those clients myself. The feedback on the facilities has been positive. So obviously, we'll work hard to stay ahead of that, so we have sufficient capacity.
 But just had a call this week, in fact, that -- and the feedback from the audit team that had gone there was really positive. The disparity with Chinese prices for some things has been an issue and has been beneficial to the Chinese marketplace given some of the impending legislation that's likely to change. And folks will look for different places to do the work, and they'll have to get it, too, for they'll have to get quality work, but lowest price point. So we're working hard to have our portfolio be have appropriate options for them.
 Our Chinese business, which is relatively small and not entirely, but principally small animals, has done well given the infusions of capital there. Unlikely to be impacted by any sort of U.S. legislation since we do work in China for China, and anticipate continuing to do that. So China is -- continues to be a good place for us from a growth and margin point of view. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. 
Patrick Donnelly: Jim, maybe one more on the DSA side, just in terms of the pace of cancellations. I think in 3Q, they got a little bit better, 4Q they stepped back down, 1Q got better. How are you thinking about just the trends there? And I guess the million-dollar question is, when do you think we can get back to that kind of 1.0 book-to-bill? What's the visibility? What did cancellations trend like in the quarter? Certainly, if you have any April thoughts, that would be welcome. 
James Foster: Yes. So everything that happened in April is embedded in our guidance. So I don't want to cut it month-by-month. We're pleased with what's been happening, the moderation and decline of cancellations. By the way, as you know, we always have cancellations. I mean all we can say is what we said, which is that we have to see a reduction in cancellations for some sustained period of time to have confidence that it's meaningful and will continue. We believe that, that's the trajectory that we're on, but we have to. We have to experience that for that to be beneficial and in terms of our backlog.
 So it's an almost impossible trend to comment on what's happened historically is not necessarily relevant. You get different market conditions right now and different economic conditions and totally different competitive scenario, particularly on the Safety Assessment business. We're so much larger and I think so much more critical to the marketplace that, again, we're confident that as if and as the cancellations continue to decline, given the proposal volume, the booking should intensify. 
 That supports our notion for the back half of the year. One would imagine that as funding continues to improve, that cancellations wouldn't suddenly crank up again. So that's definitely a function of the economy we've been dealing with for the last 1.5 years. 
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just on kind of the broad demand environment. I think in the slides around the cash flow piece, you talked about moderating capacity expansions  to match current demand. You talked, obviously, a lot of questions about the pricing piece. It seems like maybe softening a little bit given the demand environment yet you sound very good in terms of kind of these conversations and the expectations of demand improvement as we go through this year. Can you just kind of marry that up and just frame up the right way to think about the demand, given again the capacity and price piece, along with your positive commentary on demand?  Just want to make sure we're thinking about that right. 
James Foster: We work really hard, and I think we've done this quite successfully -- I don't know, for at least, 1.5 decades. The marry capacity with anticipated demand. It's not just current demand because we have to build space a year or 2 in advance. And we've lived through a period -- a long time ago, but it was painful where we and everybody else in the industry just built too much space. And that has a deleterious impact on your margins, and it's tough to manage that when you're swimming in space. So we never want to get back to that. We have worked really hard, and I think successfully and not having an adequate amount of space. That's the risk, of course. You get the [indiscernible] work and you don't have capacity. So we never want to get there.
 So all I can say is we work hard to titrate our demand and anticipated demand and the competitive dynamic with building out new space at multiple sites. You have to titrate that against what the current demand is and how your current space is filling up. So I think we're doing that appropriately. We have to be really careful with the shareholders' money.  And from a CapEx point of view, I don't think we're in any way under capitalizing this business, both from a maintenance and a growth point of view. I think we're spending exactly where we need to be. And as I said, we need to call that right in advance. So we give it a great deal of thought.
 So I think it's -- we come through such an aggressive period of demand and aggressive building that it's just irresponsible to continue to spend at the same level given the current demand curve. Having said that, we obviously anticipate that demand will be better next year and the year after than it is today. We have 3-year guidance out there. And so we're building to that at least. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. And maybe if I can just add, I think to Jim's point, we lived through a couple of years of unprecedented demand. And at some point, we said we were going to increase our CapEx to almost 9% of revenue. And historically, we'd be more in the 5%. That was both a combination of historically, we added some capacity through M&A, and now we were doing organically as well as fueling that unprecedented demand. I think demand has normalized now. And our guidance for the 3-year horizon is 7% to 8% of capital as a percent of sales. And this year, our guidance contemplates kind of the low end of that at 7%. And so I think as Jim pointed out, we are being appropriately thoughtful in matching up the capital investment with the main environment that we're seeing. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. 
Joshua Waldman: Jim, 2 for you, I think, if I may. First, you've talked about seeing better proposal activity in DSA. Can you comment on what you are seeing from a conversion standpoint, the timing from when you receive proposal? The proposal to booking the study and then recognizing rev? I guess have you seen the time line and conversion rate return to normal would be great to hear how you're contemplating this, and your outlook and if you've had to tweak that piece of the forecasting assumption at all. 
James Foster: Not sure what normal is. But I'd say it's reasonably normal. As I said before, except maybe for some periods where the demand was overwhelming, there is a lag between proposals and bookings. And particularly in this period where people are trying to ensure that they have confidence in accessibility of capital. So the conversions are pretty much as we would have expected. And hopefully, that will improve, but there's going to be kind of 2 or 3 quarters necessary to get this to be more robust. We're heartened to see the proposal volume as is. People feel -- seem to be coming out of their shells, acknowledging access to capital, obviously, desirous of developing the rest of their portfolios. And that's underlying our anticipation at the back half of the year will be much stronger. So I think it's pretty much as anticipated. 
Joshua Waldman: Got it. Okay. And then the follow-up on that. Just wondering if you could provide more context on how DSA performed versus your expectation in the quarter? And then curious whether there's been any change to your assumption for Q2 or the slope of organic recovery in that business for the second half. 
Flavia Pease: Maybe I'll take that. I think as we said in our prepared remarks, I think what was different and drove the beat in the first quarter and is also impacting how we guided the second quarter is, obviously, RMS. There was a timing shift with NHP shipments that accelerated into the first quarter. So that was a tailwind in the first quarter and will be a headwind in the second. And then we talked about the strength of manufacturing in the first quarter, which was encouraging. I think we were silent in DSA in the sense that it performed according to our expectations, both in the first quarter and the impact of that is contemplated on the guidance for the second quarter. So I think we spoke about what was different than our expectations of the other 2 businesses. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from Jack Wallace with Guggenheim Securities. 
Jack Wallace: Just quickly on the CapEx commentary. It looks like you reiterated the guide, there's the moderating of capacity expansions. You comment in the deck and just reiterate a couple questions ago. Can you just help us kind of bridge the rate or guide against those comments? And should we think about that as being more CapEx in the back half of the year? Or is the dollars being spent differently than capacity expansions? 
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think I'll take that one. The guidance for the year is the same for -- I think everything we reaffirmed the guidance, right? And so the timing of our capital projects tends to kind of progress throughout the year. Obviously, our free cash flow was quite strong in the first quarter. You saw a decline of CapEx spend year-over-year. So we started the year with capital expenditures being a tailwind to cash flow, and we're going to continue to progress some of our projects as the year progresses. But there's no update, I guess, is the point. 
Jack Wallace: Got it. And then in your prepared remarks, I think you mentioned some timing element in the first quarter for manufacturing as well as RMS. Was there any kind of snapback demand that was [indiscernible] surprising that might not continue in the second quarter? Or did I misinterpret that comment? 
Flavia Pease: Again, I'll maybe take that. So 2 things. The timing impact was really in RMS. In manufacturing, what we saw, which was encouraging and positive is we have seen strength of proposals in the fourth quarter, especially in our testing business and that did translated improved business and stronger performance in the first quarter. What we said in the second quarter for the manufacturing business is that last year, the second quarter was one of the strongest quarters that we've had. So from a comp perspective, it's a little bit of a headwind year-over-year when we get into the second year -- second quarter. 
Jack Wallace: Got it. So there's no -- so basically, the reason why we wouldn't necessarily want to raise the guidance here based on the stronger demand in the first quarter just has to deal with the tougher comps, not because that there's an expectation that the level of the strength in the first quarter wouldn't necessarily repeat in the upcoming quarters. Is that right? 
Flavia Pease: Correct. And I would say for the year, when you think about guidance, it's still pretty early. I think there was a question earlier around whether we think there's upside to our manufacturing guidance. And as I mentioned, we slightly improved it, given that the guidance in the beginning of the year was low to mid and now, we are mid. So we reflected a little bit of that straight already, but it would be premature to say that there's upside to the guidance that we just updated now. I think that's the point. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in queue. I will turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for closing remarks. 
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing many of you at some upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call. Thanks again. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter and full-year 2023 earnings and 2024guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Im joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2023, as well as our financial guidance for 2024. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through the next quarters conference call. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company, constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. The stability and resilience of Charles Rivers business model were very clear in 2023. Although demand trends moderated in the broader life sciences sector, we delivered organic revenue growth at 6.5% and earnings per share of $10.67, both of which were in the upper half of the original guidance ranges that we provided last February. We accomplished this despite the pipeline, reprioritization activities and more conscious spending by many of our biopharmaceutical clients, and also by successfully mitigating the impact of the NHP supplied disruption in the United States. We are anticipating that constrained client spending will persist into 2024, but that demand will stabilize during the year. At the top end of our financial guidance range, we expect that demand trends will begin to modestly improve later this year. These trends are expected to result in organic revenue that is flat to 3% growth in 2024. Since providing a high level outlook at our Investor Day in September, we have further de-risked our 2024 financial plan and believe our current outlook is appropriately balanced as cancellations remained elevated and backlog continued to moderately decline in our safety assessment business during the fourth quarter of last year. Our belief that the macroeconomic environment will stabilize this year is supported by early external indicators that improvement will come, including several successful biotech IPOs in January, providing early signs that the capital markets should reopen and biotech funding will improve. Our internal indicators also suggest that demand trends may be beginning to stabilize in certain businesses, including signs of the client destocking activity in microbial solutions is easing, and increased proposal activity and biologics testing business in the fourth quarter. We believe the market environment is transitory. The long-term industry fundamentals for drug development remain firmly intact because the overwhelming need to find lifesaving treatments for rare diseases and many other unmet medical needs is unchanged. Biotech will again move into favor in the capital markets and will lead the way, using advanced modalities and new technologies to drive innovation, and Large Pharma has consistently adapted to scientific advancements, the regulatory environment, and a drive to be more efficient. Therefore, we anticipate little change with regard to the industrys healthy, long-term growth prospects and continued investments in R&D. In todays market environment, we will not wait for client spending patterns to improve. We are proactively and continuously engaged in actions to streamline our organization to drive productivity, enhance our speed and responsiveness, and become an even stronger scientific partner to our clients. We are doing this by continuing to focus our initiatives to win additional market share and new outsourcing opportunities across all three business segments. This includes enhanced commercial efforts through optimizing on Salesforce to accelerate revenue growth by adjusting go-to-market strategies, focusing on selling across our entire portfolio and leveraging technology to enhance sales insights, and identify earlier selling opportunities. Our digital strategy is helping us to better connect with our clients, including through our Apollo Cloud-based platform to provide real time access to scientific data and self-service tools for clients. We also have a culture [Technical difficulty (07:26) to (07:30)] continuous improvement at Charles River that enables us to drive operational efficiencies and cost saving actions to proactively manage our cost structure and to become an even more compelling partner for our clients for the longer term. Flavia will outline the cost savings from our restructuring initiative shortly. Overall, our successful execution in these areas will enable us to capitalize on new business opportunities as they emerge while delivering operating margin improvement in 2024 and beyond. Before I provide more details on our 2024 outlook, let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter performance. We reported revenue of $1.01 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023, a 3.5% decline on an organic basis. Over the previous year, the decrease was driven primarily by a mid-single digit decrease in the DSA segment. As we have regularly mentioned the year-over-year DSA growth rate was affected by a challenging comparison to the 26.5% growth rate reported in the fourth quarter of 2022. As has been the trend throughout 2023, sales to the global biopharmaceutical client segment outperformed small and midsize biotechs again in the fourth quarter. For 2023, we were pleased to report revenue of $4.13 billion with an organic revenue increase of 6.5%. The top-line performance was driven by another solid year in our safety assessment business, as well as healthy growth in the RMS segment. The operating margin decreased 130 basis points year-over-year to 19.1% in the fourth quarter, principally driven by higher and allocated corporate costs due in part to a meaningful increase in health related expenses. And the DSA operating margin also contributed with a small year-over-year decline driven by lower sales volume in the discovery business. For the full-year, the operating margin declined by 70 basis points to 20.3%. The decrease was primarily driven by the manufacturing and RMS segments as well as higher unallocated corporate costs. Earnings per share were $2.46 in the fourth quarter a decrease of 17.4% from $2.98 in the fourth quarter of 2022. In addition to the lower revenue and operating margin, a higher tax rate, as well as the 53rd week in 2022 and the divestiture of the avian vaccine business in the fourth quarter of 2022 were earnings headwinds. For 2023 earnings per share declined by 4% to $10.67 due primarily to the non-operating headwinds, including significantly higher interest expense, in total interest expense tax and the avian divestiture reduced 2023 earnings per share by over a dollar. With respect to 2024, we believe our outlook is appropriately balanced. Demand from many of our large biopharmaceutical clients is expected to be stable while small and mid-sized biotechnology clients may continue to spend cautiously as they endeavor to extend their cash runways until clear indications of an improving funding environment emerge. At the same time, we expect both of these client segments to continue to increasingly utilize strategic outsourcing to gain efficiencies and cost effectiveness in their drug development programs. As I mentioned earlier, organic revenue in 2024 is expected to be in a range from flat to 3% growth. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range from $10.90 to $11.40 including at least $0.30 of earnings accretion from the November increase in our ownership stake in Noveprim, our NHP supplier in Mauritius. The range represents earnings per share growth for approximately two to 7% with earnings growth expected to exceed revenue growth due primarily to operating margin expansion of at least 50 basis points this year. I would like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance, and our expectations for 2024. Beginning with the DSA segment. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $625.8 million, a decrease at 6% on an organic basis. The quarterly decline reflected the difficult comparison to the 26.5% growth rate last year, as well as a meaningful decline in the discovery services revenue in the fourth quarter, safety assessment revenue also decreased by the lower rate. And the safety assessment business. The elevated cancellations throughout 2023 and slippage had a greater impact on the fourth quarter with work being canceled or stock dates moved out of the fourth quarter and into 2024. For the year, DSA revenue increased 7.9% on an organic basis, which met our segment outlook due to another solid year in the safety assessment business. As anticipated, the backlog coverage enabled us to achieve our DSA financial outlook of high single digit organic revenue growth in 2023. The year-end DSA backlog modestly declined to $2.45 billion from $2.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. Cancellation rate increased from third quarter levels, resulting in a net book-to-bill that remained relatively stable to below one times. However, the net book-to-bill has moved within a similar range throughout each quarter of 2023, with gross bookings remaining about one times at the end of the fourth quarter. We expect demand KPIs to improve modestly once the cancellation rate subsides, which is one of the assumptions behind our DSA outlook. We expect flat to low single digit organic revenue growth in the DSA segment in 2024. The first quarter will exhibit trends similar to the fourth quarter of 2023. Doing part to the normal seasonal lag of study starts at the beginning of the year. We expect study volume to improve thereafter, but the first half growth rate will be lower before the easier year-over-year growth comparison and improving demand KPIs benefit the second half DSA growth rate. Another assumption is that DSA revenue growth will be principally driven by modest price increases in 2024. This includes a $15 million to $35 million impact from NHP pricing, which reflects a significantly lower price increase than in recent years. One of the reasons that we are able to navigate a volatile NHP pricing environment is our longstanding high quality NHP supply relationships, which give us an important competitive advantage in the preclinical sector. The November acquisition of an additional 41% stake in Noveprim for approximately $145 to a 90% controlling interest firmly supports our stated NHP supply strategy of enhancing s safeguards and diversifying RNHP supply to increased ownership and operational control. Noveprim is reported as part of our DSA segment for NHPs vertically integrated into our safety assessment supply chain and the RMS segment for NHP sold to third party clients. Flavia will provide more details on the financial impact of Noveprim, which is now consolidated in our financial results. As we often comment, we are also deeply committed to initiatives to modify and reduce animal use, which are embedded in our four RMS comparatives of replacement, reduction, refinement and responsibility. We intend to remain the leader in regulatory required preclinical development services through both enhanced efforts to secure and safeguard our supply chain and also by championing methodologies to reduce animal use, including alternative technologies. Over the last four years, we have invested approximately $200 million in these technologies, principally through our strategic partnership activities to add capabilities from AI to next-generation sequencing as well as through investments in our digital enterprise and our animal free Endosafe Trillium testing platform. Discovery services had a challenging year and saw a meaningful revenue decline in the fourth quarter across all client segments. Discovery proposal volume remained low throughout the year, and clients decision making timelines for new projects remained extended. Despite these near-term challenges, Discovery services remain a critical component of our end-to-end early stage portfolio as we are able to partner with clients and often establish a relationship with them earlier in their life cycles. Whether for a single project or an integrated program, we are able to work flexibly by providing clients with cutting edge capabilities to discover their novel therapeutics. As we turn the page to 2024, we are cautiously optimistic that budget replenishment in the New Year will lead to healthier demand trends, but have forecast the business to be essentially flat in 2024. The DSA operating margin was 26% in the fourth quarter, the 30 basis point decrease from the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the revenue decline in the discovery services business. For the year, DSA operating margin increased by 220 basis points to 27.5% as a result of operating leverage associated with higher revenue and favorable mix in the safety assessment business. RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $195.8 million, a decrease of 0.4% on an organic basis. For the year, RMS organic revenue growth was 5.9%. Demand for small research models across all client segments slowed conservatively in the fourth quarter, particularly in North America and Europe. Sales of small models were the principle headwind to fourth quarter growth as well as continued softness in the cell solutions business. These headwinds were largely offset by healthy revenue growth in China for both small models and NHPs in the fourth quarter despite the numerous reports of a difficult demand environment for the life science sectors within the country. To 2024, we expect RMS organic revenue will be flat to low single digit growth. The current demand environment will likely limit unit volume growth this year in the research model business in North America and Europe. So we expect to drive most of the growth from modest price increase. In China, we expect continued healthy demand for small models and associated services, albeit tempered from the robust historical double digit growth rates in the region. We expect NHP revenue in China to decline in 2024 due primarily to lower pricing in the region. Research model services are positioned to be a notable contributor to revenue growth in 2024. We are expanding our gems capacity in certain regions to accommodate our clients increasing requirements for our support of their complex research and maintenance of the genetically modified model colonies. In addition, CRADL, one of the largest growth drivers for RMS in recent years is expected to deliver a solid top-line performance in 2024 with growth accelerating in the second half of the year due in prior to the ramp up of several new CRADL sites. Clients are continuing to adopt this flexible model to access variant space without having to invest in internal infrastructure, which provides a powerful value proposition to biotech clients in particular who are trying to conserve capital. The RMS operating margin increased by 40 basis points year-over-year to 23.1% in the fourth quarter, but decreased by 220 basis points to 23 points, 23% in 2023.The one month contribution from Noveprim, as well as increased shipments of NHP within China with the principle contributors to the fourth quarter margin improvement, partially offset by lower sales volume in the small models business. As I mentioned, Noveprim sale of NHP to third-party external clients has been included in the RMS segment, which is expected to drive meaningful margin improvement in the RMS segment in 2024. Manufacturing solutions revenue was $191.9 million for the fourth quarter, a growth rate of 2.3% on an organic basis and the full-year organic growth rate was 2%. The CDMO business drove a segment growth rate with solid double digit growth in both the fourth quarter and for the full-year. Initiatives that we implemented to improve the performance of our CDMO business have proven successful in 2023. We believe the business is now well positioned competitively with its centers of excellence for cell therapies, viral vectors and plasmids and that investments made over the past two years have enhanced the commercial readiness of our operations. The enhancements to the business have been well received and are positive feedback from clients. We are generating additional client interest that has undoubtedly been initiated by our announcement in December that our method site received U.S. and EU approval to manufacture casgevy by Vertex, the first gene edited cell therapy targeting severe sickle cell disease. We are very pleased with our relationship with Vertex and believe commercial relationships like this will continue to drive new client inquiries going forward. Our biologics testing solutions and microbial solutions businesses both reported modest revenue declines in the fourth quarter. Microbial solutions did experience a modest increase in the year end client order activity as normally occurs, but not to the extent that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022 when there was a significant budget flush. We are now seeing positive signs that client destocking activity is starting to wind down at both large biopharmaceutical and CDMO clients as a number of large clients recently resumed their order activity for reagents and consumables. In addition, we are now seeing confirmed ship dates for instruments including the Endo Safe Nexus 200 automated system that were delayed in 2023. As we previously mentioned, the biologics testing business had a difficult year due to tighter client spending in its end markets. However, we saw an increase in client proposal activity in the fourth quarter, which was the first quarterly increase in 2023. First quarter sample volumes for the biologics testing business are always seasonally soft coming out of the holidays, but we believe both biologics testing and microbial solutions will see improving trends over the course of the year in our position to generate modest revenue growth in 2024. In total, we expect low to mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the manufacturing segment this year. The manufacturing segments operating margin increased slightly to 25.4% in the fourth quarter that declined by 700 basis points for the year to 21.8%, while the operating margin decline in each of the Manufacturing segments business units in 2023, the CDMO business was the most meaningful headwind throughout the year. However, as project volumes continue to improve and enhance the business margin profile, we expect significant improvement this year, contributing to meaningful segment operating margin improvement in 2024. As we mentioned at Investor Day in September, we expect the manufacturing segment will drive the improvement towards the companys margin expansion targets over the next 3 years, and the CDMO business is a key component of that goal. Before I conclude, I would like to congratulate Bill Barbo on a remarkable 42-year career at Charles River. As we announced previously, Bill will retire as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; at the end of 2024. Bills career began with a lot of science, working as an animal care intern before joining the company as a full-time research scientist. We continue to assume positions of increasing responsibility eventually moving into our commercial organization. During his time at Charles River we have built led numerous initiatives, which contributed to our market-leading position and his comprehensive knowledge of our portfolio has made him an indispensable leader of our commercial organization. Bill has dedicated his career to ensuring we deliver on our purpose and has truly embraced our values. I greatly appreciated builds contributions and partnerships over the last 42 years and wish him all the best in his next chapter. For many years, Bill has been working with Kristen Eisenhauer, a Senior Vice President responsible for all client services and sales. Kristen has now assumed the Chief Commercial Officer role, so we are fortunate to have a successor in place and anticipate a seamless transition. Thanks again, Bill, and congratulations to Kristen. In addition to Bills retirement, Senior Vice President, Chris evolve, has now assumed responsibility for the Microbial Solutions business and will now be responsible for our entire Manufacturing Solutions segment. This aligns the operational leadership for our CGMP certified businesses under Kirsten, as she has effectively led our biologics testing and CDMO operations for a number of years. To close, we were pleased with our solid performance in 2023. Our long-term prospects for revenue growth and margin expansion remain unchanged from the targets we provided at Investor Day including averaging 6% to 8% organic revenue growth and approximately 150 basis points of cumulative operating margin improvement through 2026. Charles River is positioned exquisitely to meet the evolving needs of our clients and will capitalize on the opportunities that emerge in todays business environment as the demand trends stabilize and eventually improve. We are taking action to gain additional market share to enhance commercial initiatives and by strengthening our leading nonclinical portfolio by focusing on innovation, including adding cutting-edge technologies from AI to next-generation sequencing. We are also committed to driving efficiency and appropriately managing our cost structure without sacrificing the flexibility to respond to a changing industry and client requirements, and we have stabilized and continue to secure our supply chain, including through the acquisition of Noveprim. We will continue to lead and to proactively manage the business through this dynamic market environment as well as to deliver value to our shareholders. To conclude, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and for our clients and shareholders for their support. Now I would like Flavia to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2024 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments, gains on the avian divestiture and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2022. Our fourth quarter 2023 revenue and earnings per share were in line with our expectations and our prior guidance ranges and reflected the continuation of a cautious biopharmaceutical and market demand environment, which we expect will persist into 2024. Therefore, we expect reported revenue growth of 1% to 4% organic revenue that will be flat to 3% growth in 2024. Higher revenue and moderate margin improvement are expected to drive non-GAAP earnings per share to a range of $10.90 to $11.40 this year, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 2% to 7%. Our guidance also assumes that the tax rate is less of a headwind to earnings growth than in the prior year, and that interest expense will be slightly below 2023. I will provide more detail on the non-operating items a bit later. As Jim mentioned, in November, we acquired an additional 41% equity stake in Noveprim, a high-quality supplier of NHPs in Mauritius. Noveprim has been a long time supplier to Charles River, and we made our first equity investment in 2022, acquiring a 49% stake. Now that we own a 90% controlling interest, we will consolidate Noveprims operations into our financial results. The acquisition is expected to be the primary contributor of our operating margin improvement in 2024 and add at least $0.30 to non-GAAP earnings per share. The majority of the financial contribution this year will be derived from NHB sold to third-party clients, which will be included in the RMS segment. We expect Noveprim will generate $40 million to $50 million of third-party revenue for the Full-Year 2024, which will not impact organic revenue growth until we anniversary the transaction in late November. NHPs that will be utilized in regulatory required studies will be included in the DSA segment. The transaction will be a small benefit to our DSA financial results as we will now be sourcing these models internally instead of a third-party supplier. With regard to the quarterly dating of our 2024 outlook, as we have said many times, our business isnt linear and its quarterly performance can fluctuate based on mix, the status of clients programs, the timing of NHB shipments and other related factors. We expect the second half of 2024 will be stronger for both year-over-year revenue growth and operating margin than the first half, due in part to the challenging growth comparisons in the first half of 2023. We expect organic revenue will decrease at a low to mid-single-digit rate in the first half, followed by a second half increase at a mid- to high single-digit rate. I will now provide additional details on our 2024 outlook, starting with our reportable segments. The RMS segment is expected to generate flat to low single-digit organic revenue growth based on modest growth for research models driven principally by price as well as accelerating growth in the services business with the ramp of new cradle facilities in the second half. The DSA segment is also expected to generate flat to low single-digit organic revenue growth based on the expectation that early stage demand trends will stabilize during the first half of the year and begin to improve later in the year. The Manufacturing segment is expected to achieve low to mid-single-digit growth, primarily driven by the CDMO business as well as modest revenue growth in the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing businesses. In 2023, the operating margin declined by 70 basis points to 20.3%. This was caused by higher unallocated corporate costs that reduced the consolidated operating margin by 30 basis points, which I will discuss shortly and the moderating domain environment during the year, which particularly impacted the RMS and Biologics Testing businesses. The manufacturing margin was also impacted by higher costs in the CDMO business necessary to prepare for regulatory audits and commercial readiness as well as a lease impairment in the first quarter of 2023. We implemented cost-saving actions in 2023 and 2024 to manage our cost structure and align it with the current demand environment, but it takes time for the savings to ramp. These restructuring initiatives will generate approximately $60 million to $70 million in annualized cost savings. Despite the slower top-line growth, we expect to generate operating margin improvement of at least 50 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, this improvement will primarily be generated by Noveprim. The balance of the improvement will be derived from continued efforts to manage costs and drive efficiency. On a segment basis, we expect meaningful operating margin improvement from the RMS and Manufacturing segments. Noveprim is expected to contribute at least 200 basis points to the RMS margin. In the manufacturing segment, we expect the profitability of each business unit will improve commensurate with sales volume, but expect the CDMO business will be the largest contributor as it grows in scale and adds commercial revenue and as costs related to regulatory audit preparation and commercial readiness moderate. The DSA operating margin is expected to be slightly below the 2023 level. We expect unallocated corporate expenses in 2024 to be similar to the 2023 level at just above 5% of total revenue. The 30 basis point increase in 2023 to 5.3% was primarily attributable to continued investments in our digital strategy as well as higher health and fringe-related costs, which was the primary driver of the fourth quarter increase. The non-GAAP tax rate for 2024 is expected to be in the range of 23% to 24%, an increase from 22.1% in 2023. The anticipated increase in the tax rate is principally due to the impact related to stock-based compensation as well as the geographic mix of revenue. In addition, we do not expect discrete tax benefits, which benefited 2023 to repeat. The headwind from stock-based compensation will cause the first quarter tax rate to be in the mid-20% range because of the more pronounced impact on the tax rate from the timing of vesting of equity awards at current stock price levels. Total adjusted net interest expense in 2024 is expected to be in the range of $125 million to $130 million, compared to $131.5 million last year. The decrease will be primarily driven by debt repayment as well as anticipated lower variable interest rates later in 2024. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had outstanding debt of $2.65 billion compared to $2.5 billion at the end of the third quarter. The sequential increase reflected borrowing to fund the Noveprim acquisition. At the end of the fourth quarter, approximately 75% of our $2.65 billion in outstanding debt was at a fixed interest rate. Our gross leverage ratio was 2.3x, and our net leverage ratio was 2.2x at the end of the fourth quarter. For 2024, we expect free cash flow will be in a range of $400 million to $440 million, representing a meaningful increase over $365 million in 2023. This increase will be driven by our earnings growth as well as our continued focus on working capital management. In addition, capital expenditures are expected to decline both on a dollar basis and as a percent of revenue. CapEx for 2024 is expected to be approximately $300 million or about 7% of total revenue, down from $318.5 million or 7.7% of revenue in 2023. This outlook is in line with our long-term target level of 7% to 8% of revenue for CapEx and reflects our disciplined approach to aligning capacity and capital investments with market demand. A summary of our 2024 financial guidance, including Noveprim can be found on Slide 38. With regard to the first quarter of 2024, we expect revenue will decline in a low to mid-single-digit range on a reported basis and declined in a mid-single-digit range on an organic basis as we expect demand trends will be similar to the fourth quarter of 2023. As a reminder, despite the stronger first quarter in 2023, there is typically a seasonal impact in safety assessment, reflecting fewer study starts at the beginning of the year. The Biologics Testing business is also impacted by seasonally lower sample volumes in the first quarter. From an earnings perspective, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share of at least $2 in the first quarter. The decline from the fourth quarter will be primarily driven by a lower operating margin due in part to seasonal business trends. Unallocated corporate costs will also remain above 6% of revenue in the first quarter and similar to the fourth quarter level. A challenging comparison to the robust DSA operating margin in the first quarter of last year also impacts the year-over-year comparison. As I mentioned, we expect a meaningfully higher tax rate in the mid-20% range, reflecting a headwind from stock-based compensation. We do expect revenue and operating margin will improve sequentially after the first quarter as we move beyond the seasonal trends at the beginning of the year, and market demand improves marginally as the year progresses. In closing, despite the ongoing cautious biopharma spending environment, our business continues to be resilient, and we remain confident in the long-term health of the industry. Our solid 2023 performance reflected our ability to manage the challenges in the marketplace while continuing to focus on making disciplined investments to support our businesses and managing costs to capture efficiencies. Although 2024 organic revenue growth is forecasted to be below our long-term targets, we remain confident in our Investor Day targets of averaging 6% to 8% organic revenue growth through 2026 and delivering meaningful margin expansion, which is supported by the sustained long-term fundamentals for drug development and our position as an industry leader. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Derek De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Jim, so Im a little bit surprised to sort of see the significant ramp you are embedding in the second half. I mean your book-to-bill is hovering around, what, 0.75, 0.8. Your cancellations are up and you are assuming some NHP pricing, which I think is contrary to what some of the market surveys are showing. Can you sort of like break these down like and how you are sort of like getting the confidence you are doing with that. I think particularly on the pricing standpoint, I mean, is it something with no prime acquisition is allowing you to sort of get this incremental pricing?
James Foster: Sure. This would not be the first time it actually would be the third time that we have had a ramp. 23% was in the first half of the year, 22% was in the back half of the year and they were pretty big ramps. So I dont want to say it is the nature of the business, but it is not been unusual. The first quarter tends to be a little bit slower as the clients sort of sort out what molecules are going to work on and what they are going to delay and then there is obviously a lot of issues, right? So I guess we are looking at a lot of things. Yes, cancellation rates were higher than we would like, and that is somewhat concerning. And by the same token, we think those will ameliorate we are seeing sort of a stabilization in demand in as much as seeing our microbial folks destocking, meaning that they loaded up in the prior year, and they have been working through that bolus of inventory now that we believe there getting out to buy incrementally. We saw increased proposal activity in Biologics in the fourth quarter, and that business was down last year. Again, that is one of those businesses where the work comes in very quickly. The studies are relatively short term. So you turn them around very quickly and building very quickly. And that is a bit of a commentary on the necessity to test and the growth rate of large molecules, which we still feel really positive about it. I think everybody has. We are looking at a ramp of new cradles that we either built at the end of last year or are opened or will open this year. So we should see more of that in the back half of the year. We are watching biotech IPOs carefully as you all are, as everybody is or about half a dozen - in the first quarter, they priced well, but $8 billion was raised. And so we feel good about that. We are seeing an enormous amount of biopharma M&A. So that is injecting a lot of cash into the system of VCs are flexed with cash. So sequential movement after the first quarter is, I want to use the word normal. It tends to be quite usual. So look, we are piecing together without trying to over-read the situation that there are a bunch of sort of smaller subtle things that in the aggregate are coming together to provide confidence. Lots of questions about NHP pricing. So just to sort of bottom line that for you. Our prices never got as high as some of the competition, including some of the much smaller competitors. So we didnt pay as much we didnt pass along extremely high prices to our competitors. And that is a manifestation, I think, of supply sources that we have. And now we have this new supply source, Noveprim in Mauritius which was always - we have used a few years, but it is always been the highest quality provider, and that is going to both provide NHP for safety and also to sell directly to clients. And so we do think we can have a modest price increase, which is where you are seeing that $15 million to $35 million that we pointed to. Lots of noise from the competition about reducing prices. That is not just positive of anything that we are going to do because their prices interestingly, have been higher than us. And so if they bring the prices down, whatever they said, I think 10%, 20%, 30% they are going to get in the same zip-code that we are. So we think we have a modest amount of NHP pricing. And those arent huge numbers, but wed be happy to get that incremental revenue. Supply sources are in really good shape. Solidified by the Noveprim acquisition in a whole litany of smaller, I dont want to say unrelated smaller strengthening activities across portfolio. So while it definitely is back-end loaded, we do think it is doable. We also have very easy comps. I dont necessarily like to say that, but that is a mathematical fact. So the weak back half of the year in 2023. So we have a meaningful level of confidence the ramp and definitely in our guidance for the year, Derek.
Derik De Bruin: If I can do just one follow-up, which is any sign that the Chinese are going to reintroduce NHPs or start exploring again?
James Foster: There continues to be conversations about it. We havent seen anything either from an importing point of view or an exporting point of view. So while it is possible, I think it is unlikely. I mean, the thesis has clearly keep those animals within country to provide some sort of competitive advantage, although I dont think it is going to be. But they think that is an important sort of natural resource and scientific resource that gives them a leg up. So I think we are going to want to hold on to those things and use them inside. I think there is been a little bit of noise around that just because the economy has been tougher over there than people anticipated. And the investment in life sciences has been a little less robust. There has been a fair amount of speculation that they would export. And by the way, anything is possible, we are just not seeing it. And Im not sure there is actually a logical reason for them to do it, particularly not yes, but when things heat up again in China.
Operator: I will take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Jim, maybe on the DSA piece, you talked about the cancellation rates picking up a little bit. It seemed like the book-to-bill was stable. Can you just talk about what you are seeing there? It seemed like 3Q, there were signs of a little bit of improvement on the cancellation rates. Now we are kind of taking another step back. What do you see in there? Again, you mentioned the biotech IPOs, does that give you a little more confidence? How are you thinking about just that backlog step down as we work our way forward here.
James Foster: Yes. We have been trying to not over-read it. We were very pleased to see the cancellation rates, which have gotten higher than historically - they have been historically starting to come down, and we said that that is fabulous. But one quarter is not just positive of anything. And they were up again in the fourth quarter. So we do think that they will come down. We do think that we need to see it come down for a couple of quarters. it is somewhat related or very much related to the elongation of the backlog. And I think as youll recall from the last quarters conference call. We talked a lot about how the backlogs have gotten to be 18-plus months. And while that felt good, to some extent, the problem with that was we definitely had some clients that were just booking slots. I want to have a slot. Im not actually sure I dont want to do with that slot, but by the time I get there, 18 months from now, Im sure I will have some work. And whats happened with a lot of the clients if they get to 16-months out and they say, "Gee, sorry, we actually dont have a study. So we will give up that slot. So the elongation of the backlog, I think from that standpoint is probably too long and not all that helpful. So it is back down to about 12-months, that seems more rational, and it appears from the nature of the conversations we are having with the clients with real specificity about what they are up to, that they actually have actual studies of the sliding in whatever it is within that 12-month period, which would stabilize the cancellation rate and help to recede. I think as you know, there is always been sort of a healthy amount of slippage, and that is when the drug isnt quite ready on time. And some percentage of the stuff just cancels because the clients or to reprioritize things so the drug is formulating properly or run out of cash or blah, blah, blah - there is a bunch of reasons for it. So we are guardedly optimistic that the cancellation levels are normalizing and will continue to normalize throughout the year, the cancellation that sort we are fine with it in a dozen months. We have had years where it was kind of six to nine-months if it drops even further. I think that is fine. You want some healthy backlog. So when things do cancel or postpone that the clients have - that we have something else to slot back in to that. So probably somewhat of a normal ebb and flow of the bookings, and we are happy to see it normalizing.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That is helpful. And then maybe, Flavia, one for you. Just on the margin cadence for the year. Can you just talk about the ramp? Obviously, the 1Q earnings number is a bit light in terms of a percentage of the year a lot smaller than typical - so can you just talk about the moving pieces as we work our way through the year on the margin and just visibility into the ramp and the exit rate there?
Flavia Pease: Sure. Patrick, as you pointed out, there are a few factors that are putting pressure on the Q1 margin and then throughout the year that those factors are going to ameliorate and the margin will ramp. Mainly the tax rate that I talked about in Q1 will be in the mid-20s versus our guidance for the year of 23% to 24%. I also talked about the seasonal ramp of our business, which Jim just alluded to, with those normal seasonal trends, we will see the margin improving throughout the year. And then in addition to the normal seasonal trends, you are going to have a tailwind of Noveprim that tends to be higher in the later part of the year that aligns with sort of gestational periods for their Colony as well as CRADL that Jim talked about that will ramp in the second half. And then finally, corporate is also a little bit higher in the first quarter vis-a-vis our guidance for the year. So between corporate and tax alone, that is about $0.25 in Q1. Then you have the normal seasonality and the $60 million to $70 million that I talked about in terms of benefit from some of our restructuring actions, that will pick up as the year progresses as well. So we have good line of sight on that margin accelerating throughout the year and confidence that we will be able to achieve that.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about - I know you talked about the biotech demand environment and sort of versus midsize. Could you maybe specifically talk about some of the pharma demand? I think one question people have some of the restructurings that are going on, which seems to be maybe disproportionately impacting preclinical that seems to be a sort of question. And then secondarily, can you talk about any sort of share gain opportunities during the year? Obviously, there have been some bills in Congress that might potentially impact some of your competitors or willing of some sponsors to work with those competitors. So any comments there would be broadly helpful as well.
James Foster: Yes. So our pharma business in 2023 was particularly strong. we have had a long legacy with the pharmaceutical industry. So that is not necessarily new, except sort of the scale and rate and depth and longevity. And when I say longevity, Im just talking about long-term contracts that we have with these two to five-year contracts have been ticking up really, really nicely. So we have an amount of our work locked in for multiple years with escalating price points that are already pre-negotiated. And increasingly, we are seeing Big Pharma by very thoroughly across the portfolio. So many of them buy everything that we sell. We also have several Biotech companies that do all of the, lets say, pharma companies to have the safety work with us some that do most of the safety work for us and even the ones where we are not necessarily - that is just a few of them where they do a lot of work internally. I think where the default. So I mean, obviously, pharma is extremely well financed. It is probably the best thing you can say about the very well financed, placing bets with multiple biotech companies that have become the discovery engines. You have seen lots of acquisitions of drugs or geography to sell the drugs or entire drug companies almost daily since the beginning of this year with big pharma. I do think that is going to continue. And we always hope that one plus one is more than two for us. But certainly, if we are already doing work for the target and the parents we will hold out of that work. Having said that, biotech for the last decade has been a larger and more aggressive driver of growth. So let me just unpack that. So while we have much larger such a large amount of revenue that we are selling to pharmaceutical companies and they are very, very big clients. Obviously, we have many more biotech clients, none of whom have internal capacity to do the type of work that we do. So without overstating our importance, they are very dependent on either us or some company like us to move the drug through preclinical get their IND filed and ultimately gets into the clinic. So pleased with our sell-through, particularly in pharma and as the capital markets strengthen, which they will. I mean it is - we all have our own [progasication] (Ph) on when that is going to happen, but they will little bit happening in January as VC monies continue to be robust. And as the pharma companies continue to bet on Biotech and as the modalities continue to strengthen things like cell and gene and immunotherapy. The biotech will continue to ramp up more aggressively with us again. So we like our client base pretty much across the board. We like the share percentage in the numbers of drugs we work on, which is over 80% of all the drugs approved in the U.S. for the last - more than the last five-years and probably on the increase. On the share gain question, I do think we have enormous opportunities to take share in virtually everything we do, certainly in biologics, certainly in the CDMO business certainly in discovery, either and - where we have the principal amount of share. Some of that is as you said, is probably bolstered by new legislation. I think some of that is just supported because of our scale, the depth of our portfolio. in the fact that every client that we work with is very interested in speed to market and the nature and both of our portfolio helps them get things at least to the clinic faster. So we should be able to pick up meaningful share as the clients are more comfortable and less cautious and less conservative with the spending patterns, which we think will be a sequential movement through the back half of the year.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. And one1 additional follow-up question. The 29,000 of average NHP pricing that you cited at your Investor Day, is that still the right way to think about sort of the pricing level for 2023 as a whole?
Flavia Pease: Yes, Elizabeth, it is Flavia. I will just say the numbers we shared in the call related to NHPs, whether it is the price, the price gain over three-years, the units, the amount of NHP work as a percent of Safetys revenue, they are all still - with the year-end results, they are all still similar. So there is been no significant update from what we shared with you before.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: So on the Noveprim, I was trying to quickly scroll back through the deck and unable to find it. But I think it would be helpful for me certainly to understand a little bit more of the mechanics of how much revenue you expect that to contribute and what the margin structure of that business looks like relative to your comments that, that is providing I think you said most or all of the margin lift for the company in 2024. And then I have a follow-up.
Flavia Pease: Yes, I will take that. So just to reiterate, we expect Noveprim to add between $40 million and $50 million of top-line revenue, which will obviously impact reported revenue but not organic. We also expect that Noveprim will add about $0.30 of EPS, which, if you do the math, is about 50 basis points of margin expansion. And just to articulate a little bit how the construct will work at this point in time, even though Noveprim is definitely a move that will allow us to have additional oversight control and eventually higher volume of NHPs in support of our safety business. In the short term, the majority of the financial impact will be reflected in the RMS segment, where that external revenue will be reported. And so that $40 million to $50 million of third-party revenue will also increase the RMS margin approximately 200 basis points. If you think about the benefit for the Safety Assessment and DSA segments it is going to be relatively small, especially in 2024 as we obviously already have safety stock of NHPs from Noveprim and other suppliers in the case of Noveprim that were acquired prior to the acquisition. So it is only once we start having models that go into studies that benefit from Noveprim being consolidated into Charles River that will start having an impact in the DSA margin, and that will be impacted by timing. So the majority of the impact in 2024 will be reflected in the RMS segment.
David Windley: Understood. Thank you for reiterating some of that. My follow-up question is around I guess, more general pricing environment, some of your competitive - I guess a couple of different dynamics. One being some of the competitors, albeit smaller competitors have also addressed cost structure in a way to significantly lower their costs and have expressed at least to me, a willingness to be more price competitive on studies and another angle on this being to the extent that small biotechs might evaluate a trade-off between Charles River or other providers in the Western world or an Asian provider at a much lower price in the Eastern world that primate prices in China have dropped a lot, which makes the cost structure of those competitors significantly lower as well. And so the general question here is, how much price competition is seeping into the safety assessment market as a result of these lowering cost structures.
James Foster: Let me take that one. So Dave, I would say that all of our competitors and the smaller they get, the more this is factor compete with us primarily on price. And so to some extent, that is an -. And we accept that and clients that either cant afford it or think we are too expensive or running out of cash or whatever or prefer the competition, whether it is East or Western can and will go there. And that is okay. So I mean, that is an -. The Chinese capacity - there are certainly some small, lets say, U.S. biotech companies that do their work in China. There is a limited amount of capacity in China. So that will happen. They will come and go. And yes, the cost of labor is lower and the cost of everything that is lower there. And I wont comment on the quality of the work, I mean they will have to make that determination themselves. We try to be rational and appropriate and professional with our pricing, as I said earlier in my comments, we have a lot of long-term contracts with big pharma for some reason, most of them came to fruition in fiscal 2023. So they have all been resigned. The pricing is locked in. So that is a significant amount of what we do. I do think that folks come to us because our portfolio is larger. Our proximity is closer. The depth of our science is better. And our scale is better. And of course, if they know us well, the presumption that were too big and too expensive is really not true. So we will use pricing as well in certain instances. And I would say those just kind of fall into a few categories, which is to protect share in big - just a big clients that we have that is out shopping specifically for price. And so we may have to do something there. We certainly will be price aggressive if we are going after a big sluggish share with a client that we either dont have at all or have very little. But we often pass when the price point just gets too low because it is going to be at cost or below cost or a trivial operating margin, and it is just not worth it given the complexity of the studies. I guess one other thing I would say is that where - I dont know the exact numbers these days, but it is probably in the high 30% range what our market share is. While we are pleased and proud of that, I do think our share will be much larger over time. But if we only have a 30 - whatever, 6% share, there is lots of share that they are going elsewhere. So I think it is important that we have decent competition regardless of their price points. And regardless of where they do the work. And I think it is important to engender large clients, particularly Big Pharma clients to outsource that they feel that they can outsource to folks that are capable. But I think from a pricing point of view, we have been and we will continue to hold our own. We will invest in price in safety in fiscal 2024. That is not just in fiscal 2023. I think that is a commentary and lots of things, commentary on the nature of your question, commentary on the overall economy commentary on the cautiousness of our clients as they put a little more emphasis on post-IND work and clinical work, maybe to the detriment of some of the earlier tax work and certainly on the discovery work. But I think most of the time, we feel that we are being paid quite well for our work.
Operator: We will take our next question from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: So just a two-parter for me. Can you talk about the sort of like the pros and cons of owning farms and HP suppliers? I know we have done this in the past, and there has been - your strategy is evolving over the last 18 to 24-months. So could you just sort of give us some thoughts there on that? And then part two would just be around competition, just given the demand environment has slowed in general, there had been, I think, some competitors funded over the last few years. Just what are you seeing in the competitive environment competitive environment. Generally, what are you asking about specifically with regard to compensation? Sorry, within like within DSA, for example. Are we seeing exits from competitors or anything? Yes.
James Foster: The competition is pretty static. We are the largest player by 100%. Our next largest competitor is kind of LabCorp and that is a capable, relatively large, stable enterprise, very good in sort of general toxicology. Then you have another tier, which used to be sort of fourth or fifth tier, which kind of became third tier because we bought 3 of our competitors in the second tier and merged with one of them, and those are much smaller companies. When I say much smaller, maybe they do - Im just trying to do this quickly in my head, maybe they do. 5% of what we do, maybe they do 8%, maybe they do 10%, but they are much, much smaller. I dont know what their financial status is. One of our competitors market CapEx shrinking there is enough business to go around. But I do think it has to do with quality and science and speed and technological rigor, particularly IT capabilities. I think it is incredibly unlikely that we will have new competitors. There are several decent competitors in China that I think will focus. They are probably doing some work now for Western companies, but the raise on [indiscernible] is to do toxicology work in China for Chinese drug companies. I think many of them are funded and/or supported by the Chinese government. So I would say the competitive dynamic is kind of - it is what it is and is unlikely to change. There seems to be enough scale to support the client base. So that is positive. To go back to the other part of your question. I dont see cons in owning the suppliers. So lets just talk about the one that we just bought. We now own 90% of. It happens to be probably the highest quality and the one that we know the most about and the one that just exquisite job in terms of the quality of the NHPs themselves. But it just gives us control on the ground of everything, control of [indiscernible] tree, breathing veterinary oversight, nutrition, housing, ultimately shipping. We have a very, very close relationship with the government there, and we have already spoken to them about scaling up the project over the next number of years and have a workforce that we are confident in, and it is hard. So any sort of concern about, I dont know, transportation or animals getting ill before they are put on transport or just the overall genetics or reading methodology. Number one, it is on us because we own it. Number two, we have a high degree of confidence in our own ability to do it at the highest quality level. I dont even know the number anymore, but dozens and dozens and dozens of genarians mice from primate binaries. So we own another one in China, a much smaller one. We are considering doing more of this just to have control of our supply sources. Some of these providers are newer. They are just sort of getting their sea legs under one and I think we are trying to teach them a lot about all the things I just said. Obviously easier to teach them and train them and ensure that they are doing the right things if we own them. So we have a very, very large revenue base in NHP toxicology and growing. All large molecules have to be tested in the nonhuman primates. So the demand will continue to be significant and we need to continue to have access to large numbers of animals, but also the highest quality. So we dont see cons. We see a lot of pros. We are delighted with the deal that we just did, both in terms of the supply source and the accretion on the top and the bottom line.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Maybe a two-parter on manufacturing, the manufacturing segment. Can you just discuss probably it sounds like a lot of that is going to be driven versus - from the CDMO versus biologics, microbial, but maybe if you could talk about the breakdown of that. You would like to quantify the benefit from the CRISPR Vertex relationship, that would be great. And then just on margins in that segment on the path to 30%. As we think about that margin expansion opportunity, how much of that really driven by the top-line or are there cost savings opportunities that could get you there quicker?
James Foster: So the CDMO business has been a huge headwind for us. For the past couple of years, right? Losing money growing okay. The back half of last year, grew very nicely, but had been slower than we thought it would be. And as you know, we have literally had to recapitulate, redesign, re-staff all three of these businesses, and Im talking about general management all the way down to the technicians in the study rooms. And I think we have done a really good job as evidenced by the fact that we have had multiple regulatory audits culminating in with Vertexs new sickle cell drug, which we are going to be producing a large amount of that. So a couple of things with that. That is obviously our key clients. That is obviously sort of wonderful almost marketing to be out there when other clients are thinking about who they are going to use, they are going to call Vertex and they are going to ask them about our relationship. And we have other clients who we are talking to right now who are about to file BLAs or finishing Phase IIIs. And I do think sort of success begets for the business. That business, while it wont end fiscal 2024, where it should have been given our valuation models will have significantly better margins and significantly higher revenue not growing quite - we dont have - our operating plan doesnt have it growing quite at the rate that we thought it would when we bought them. But I still think that is transitory. And I think particularly as we get commercial clients that is going to crank up nicely. So we are liking this business a lot now. It has great connectivity with our biologics business and also with our Safety Assessment business. And so the portfolio effect is alive and well. The other two businesses in the manufacturing segment, first being the Microbial Business had its first year. I think it had one year where it grew at 9% and we have owned it for 28-years. Linear grew at 9%. Every other year, it grew double digit. Last year was the only year it grew slowly. And that is so we have explained that 50 times what happened there with that business. The top-line will expand because the clients have worked through a lot of the backlog because they loaded up on supplies during COVID. And the margins are stunning in that business. So that should continue to bolster the operating mines. And then Biologics, which is a business that in 2022 and 2021 had dynamic top-line growth teams and escalating operating margins had a very slow year last year, all because the economy, less numbers of drugs to test. It had a bunch of their capacity show Covid stuff we are still working through anyway. That business, as we said in the prepared remarks, proposal levels were up in the fourth quarter, which is a good sign that work comes back very, very quickly typically. And so we should see that whole segment, not our largest business, but to be significant not only in fiscal 2024, but if you look at the kind of three-year guidance that we gave, the CDMO business will be instrumental in driving operating margin and revenue growth for sure. It will be accretive to the manufacturing segment that will also be accretive to the business as a whole, and just reorganized that business with new general management and a different and tighter way of selling with single leadership and more commonality across those businesses. Because a couple of them are GMP businesses, which is the same sort of regulatory oversight and that sort of mindset is beneficial across the clients so important segment has some margin opportunity. Last thing just to specifically answer your question, that segment before we got in the CDMO business was around mid-30s operating margin. We had a few years where it was higher, maybe a few years where it was lower. It will continue to grow back towards that. It is a little bit difficult to say if and when it will get higher than mid-30s. But what we did say when we bought the company was that we believe that when we had a substantial bolus of commercial work at higher price points, with greater efficiency and greater predictability and just larger volumes definitely would be accretive to our operating margins. So that is going to take a while since we have only really signed our first one. But there will be more to follow. And as we get more of those and they get locked in for long periods of time. It will definitely benefit the operating margin of that segment. So we feel very optimistic, particularly optimistic about the CDMO business, in particular, but Im quite optimistic about the home Manufacturing segment in terms of its importance to our client base in terms of the commonality of a lot of the work and in terms of the potential for better financial performance.
Operator: We will take our next question from Max Smock with William Blair.
Maxwell Smock: Just a quick one for me here on DSA. Can you just confirm that net bookings were down sequentially in the quarter and then discuss how you are thinking about net bookings moving forward in cancellations obviously elevated again here in the quarter. Can you just give us some detail around how gross bookings trended quarter-over-quarter? I think you called out still above one, but maybe just sequentially, any color there would be helpful.
Flavia Pease: I can jump in. So yes, the DSA backlog was sequentially down. I think we talked about $150 million still about 12-months, as Jim pointed out. And the gross bookings were still above one times. So we are not going to finesse the specific number, but gross bookings still above. And as Jim pointed out, with hopefully cancellation normalizing, we expect net book-to-bill will improve marginally when that happens.
Maxwell Smock: Yes, understood. Had to give it a shot there at the gross bookings. Maybe just a quick follow-up for me. Given the back half guide, can you just talk about when you need to see demand trends at the meat segment start to improve in order to hit the midpoint of your guide for this year? You had that comment in the deck about how at the top end of your financial guide. You assume demand trends will begin to modestly improve later this year. But just wanted to clarify your assumptions for when the management start to pick back up at both the low end and the high end of your guide and how that maybe differs by segment.
Flavia Pease: Yes, maybe I will start Jim and you can add. Max, we are not going to comment on the timing, to your point, by each of the segments and when precisely would that have to happen to get the bottom and the top end of the guidance. I think suffice to say, at the top end of the guidance, as we pointed out, we expect the main trends to marginally improve through the year. At the bottom end, it is more of the seasonal improvement that we tend to see. And I think at that top-line. And I think I made a comment about Q1 being a low point and talking about the drivers of that. And just to clarify, it is a combination of both tax, corporate and the ramp-up of our restructuring benefits that will together add about $0.25 of EPS. So the timing of it, it is probably going to defer depending on business. We have fast portfolio of different businesses that have different drivers. So we are just providing you a top and bottom for the total company. Jim, I dont know if you want to add anything else.
James Foster: I mean I think that was fine. I mean we are quite confident that we are going to see a sequential improvement in top of the bottom line throughout the year. Some of that has to do with the comps of last year. Some of it has to do with our assumptions. I went through a bunch of those with the first question I answered business by business. There are some subtle things that are improving. There are definitely some subtle things that are improving in the marketplace, in the M&A space and with the capital markets. Look, the one thing that you should all keep in mind is that there is - there would be and there was enormous demand for our services. The preponderance of our clients have to do the work externally. They have no internal capacity. Their portfolio is quite full and robust given the lesser of modalities that they have to work on. And so our clients are holding back. Our clients have reprioritized. The clients have good drugs sitting on the shelf. So our clients are clearly very frustrated by that. And so I think we think that we get to the point where they are more comfortable spending because they have greater access to capital. The demand should improve nicely. Is it going to improve overnight in one-month, one quarter, I dont know, but we do think that it will sequentially continue to grow when we have seen this before. We have several of our businesses where the work does come in and go out very, very quickly, particularly Discovery and Biologics, and we have others that we have very close relationships with the clients and the pricing is all fixed. And so the ability get a slot is quite straightforward. Im so optimistic with our guidance so optimistic that the demand comes back. Yes, it comes back, it is only when. It is a little bit murky to call, but we are calling it as best we can given decades in the business given the fact that we talked to thousands of clients every week. Given the fact we actually we have a very good understanding of the competition and what the strengths and limitations are. So yes, we would be very surprised if anything happens to change the slope of growth. Obviously, there are exogenous things under our control, but the things that we see that are within our control or that are already in sort of calculated in our guidance, it is unlikely those things will change.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We will take our last question from Dan Leonard with UBS.
Daniel Leonard: I just wanted to clarify, are you seeing any of these improved external indicators in the biotech market translate into increased inquiry activity or RFPs in DSA - and if you are not, what would you expect any lag to look like if there was a sustained capital markets recovery in biotech?
James Foster: It typically doesnt turn on a dime. I mean we get asked this question a lot. And of course, we live lots of different I hate to turn cycle, but lots of different sort of funding time are in biotech. I think the biotech companies have increasingly gotten very careful about the way they are spending money. Having said that, as I said in the last question, I do think that they will spend more aggressively and more boldly if they have a sense that access to capital is easier and will be sustained as opposed to something that is going to be lumpy. I wouldnt say that we have seen any dramatic change in the slope. I mean, we watch our bookings and we watch the proposal in bookings very closely. We obviously, as we talked about earlier in this call, very, very interested in cancellation and slippage levels, which I think are we are hopeful that those will come down. I mean the fact that we have a 12-month backlog, I think, is a positive. And as I said earlier, if that were to turn into a six or nine-month backlog that would be fine as well, so there is a lot of work out there, a lot of interest, limited competition and cautiousness across the board with our clients who are just like we have to hold off until we have a better understanding of where we are going to have better access to the capital markets. And there is certainly some - at least some early indications that, that is around the corner. You can see in our guidance, we believe we are going to see that at the latest in the back half of this year. And that will obviously be meaningful to, I think, most parts of our business and should accelerate our growth rate. We do have sufficient capacity, certainly physical capacity, and we are trying to manage our headcount according to demand. So I think our headcount is in good place. So as the work comes, we will be able to comment at.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Thanks, Shelby, and thank you all for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories' Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2023 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2023. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays website [ph], which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through the next quarters conference call. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially than those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. We reported third quarter organic revenue growth of 4.1% and earnings per share of $2.72, both of which exceeded our prior outlook. As anticipated, our growth rates declined from first half levels, reflecting the difficult comps from last year and the moderating demand that is affecting our businesses this year. Looking at the biopharmaceutical end market environment, we believe certain demand trends slowed -- showed some early positive signs, but clients also remain cautious with their spending. Biopharmaceutical clients are continuing to reprioritize their pipelines and in some cases, conserve cash or streamline their cost structures. This has led to a meaningful impact on some of our businesses this year, including Discovery Services and our Manufacturing segment and began to have a more discernible impact on the RMS business in the third quarter. We believe the current client spending patterns will persist in the near-term. However, we are also seeing some early encouraging signs starting to emerge, which support our belief that the demand environment will stabilize. In the Safety Assessment business, we were pleased to see sequential improvement in both the study cancellation rate and the net book-to-bill ratio in the third quarter. These favorable trends are supported by external indicators, including a stable biotech funding environment. The third quarter was the second consecutive quarterly increase in biotech funding on a trailing 12-month basis, led by venture capital investments. I will now provide highlights of our third quarter performance. We reported revenue of $1.03 billion in the third quarter of 2023, a 3.8% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 4.1% was driven by all three business segments, led by a mid-single-digit increase in the DSA segment. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter growth rate was affected by a difficult comparison to last year that included organic growth of 15.3% in the third quarter of 2022. By client segment, third quarter revenue growth was driven by solid demand from global biopharma clients and academic institutions. As has been the case throughout the year, the growth rate for small and midsized biotech slowed as these clients are being more selective with their spending. Growth of biotech clients last year also outpaced all other client segments, driving the particularly difficult comparison in the second half of the year. The operating margin was 20.5%, an increase of 10 basis points year-over-year. The slight improvement was driven primarily by the DSA segment as well as lower unallocated corporate costs. These improvements were largely offset by margin pressure in both the RMS and Manufacturing segments. Earnings per share were $2.72 in the third quarter, an increase of 3.4% from the third quarter of last year. This exceeded our prior outlook, due primarily to the top line outperformance. In addition, the year-over-year headwind from interest expense is beginning to dissipate. We have tightened our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance ranges for 2023 as we move into the final quarter of the year. We are narrowing our organic revenue growth guidance to a range of 5.5% to 6.5%, and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.50 to $10.70, which raises the bottom end and trims the top end of our prior range by $0.20 per share, respectively. The guidance update is primarily due to shifts in the gating of our forecast between quarters and the favorable impact of lower third quarter cancellations in the Safety Assessment business being largely offset by a reduced outlook for our Manufacturing Solutions segment in the fourth quarter. I'd like to provide you with additional details on our third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment's results. DSA revenue in the third quarter was $664 million, an increase of 5.3% on an organic basis. Safety Assessment business continued to drive DSA revenue growth with contributions from base pricing and higher study volume, driven by non-NHP related work and post-IND studies. NHP pricing was a modest benefit to the growth rate. But as I will discuss shortly, NHP study volume declined year-over-year. Discovery Services remained an integral component of our end-to-end early-stage portfolio because it enables us to forge relationships with clients at earlier stages of the R&D process. However, the business continues to be impacted by the overall biopharma demand environment as clients focus on post-IND work and getting their drugs to the clinic to the detriment of discovery spending. As I mentioned earlier, we saw some early signs of more favorable demand trends in the third quarter for our safety assessment business. The cancellation rate improved sequentially and was at the lowest level since the second quarter of 2022. The net book-to-bill ratio also improved sequentially, but remained below one times. As a result, the DSA backlog declined in the third quarter to $2.6 billion from $2.8 billion at the end of the second quarter. However, as the lower cancellation suggests clients appear to be moving further along in their pipeline reprioritization processes, which we believe will lead to a higher quality and more reliable book of business. With the net book-to-bill remaining below one times, we believe the current demand trends will persist in the near term, including in the fourth quarter, which, as a reminder, already faces a difficult comparison to DSA organic growth of 26.5% reported last year. Overall, we believe stabilizing demand trends and significant backlog coverage will enable us to achieve our financial targets, including high single-digit DSA organic revenue growth for 2023, which is above our prior outlook for the segment. The DSA operating margin was 27.2% in the third quarter, a 100-basis-point increase from the third quarter of 2022. The increase continued to be driven by operating leverage associated with higher revenue in the Safety Assessment business. Before moving on to RMS, I'd like to comment on our NHP-related study work. At our Investor Day in September, we provided some information around the benefit from NHP pricing on our DSA revenue growth rates. We believe that additional information would be useful for investors and analysts to gain a better understanding of the impact of NHP pricing and NHP-related safety assessment studies on our business. Over a three-year period, ending in 2023, NHP pricing is expected to benefit DSA revenue growth by a total of just $230 million or approximately 30% of our total DSA revenue growth since 2020. Without the impact of NHP pricing, DSA revenue would still have increased at a high single-digit growth CAGR since 2020. In total, NHP Safety Assessment study revenue, which includes both services and the embedded NHP revenue, is expected to represent approximately 30% of DSA segment revenue in both 2022 and 2023. NHP pricing has rapidly escalated since 2020 due to both NHP supply constraints and the continued increase of biologic drugs in development. Supply constraints began in China around the pandemic and intensified last year due to the Cambodian NHP supply situation in the US. This has caused NHP pricing to increase by approximately $20,000 per model in aggregate since 2020. In 2023, we expect to utilize approximately 11,400 NHPs in safety assessment studies worldwide. This represents a reduction of approximately 25% from over 15,000 in the prior year, principally driven by the current level of biopharmaceutical demand and our clients' focus on their post-IND safety assessment work, which generates higher service revenue per model due to the longer-term nature of these studies, with fewer NHPs are used to generate that service revenue. A long-standing strategic imperative of the company is responsible animal use, which includes modifying or reducing animal usage. Responsible animal use is firmly embedded in our commitment to animal welfare and the 4R principles. And its adoption accelerated this year as a result of the NHP supply constraints. One example of our progress is the introduction of virtual control groups for toxicology studies. Virtual control groups, or VCGs, replaced the animals and control groups with existing randomized data sets and statistical evaluations. It will take some time to adopt, but we are having active discussions with our clients about VCGs. As many of you are aware, we have committed to providing additional disclosure on NHP sourcing, and a comprehensive update on our NHP strategic initiatives in early 2024. The timing of this strategic update will be ideal as we recognize the industry is changing, and these shifts are causing disruptive technologies to emerge and societal needs to evolve. With the industry at an inflection point, we will reinforce our critical role in preclinical drug development and maintain our leadership position. We will do this by leading with science, remaining committed to our essential mission of creating healthier lives and ensuring patient safety and by consistently challenging ourselves to raise the bar. And as we look to the future, we will be focused on ensuring a sustainable supply chain, particularly for NHPs. And we'll also pursue a longer-term strategy to lead the industry in adopting animal alternatives. Our team is diligently working to continue to enhance our processes and key initiatives in these areas. We've already made several investments in non-animal technologies, ranging from our Endosafe Trillium launch this summer for endotoxin detection testing, to our technology partnerships with Valo for Discovery AI, PathoQuest for next-gen sequencing for in vitro viral study safety testing and Cypre for 3D tumor modeling. We look forward to sharing our NHP strategic update in early 2024. RMS revenue was $186.8 million, an increase of 3.2% on an organic basis over the third quarter of 2022. This is below the year-to-date high single-digit revenue growth rate for two primary reasons: slower demand from mid-tier clients, including biotechs and CROs; and the timing of NHP shipments within China as we anticipated last quarter. The timing of NHP shipments within China is transitory. We expect NHP revenue in China will improve in the fourth quarter, although some shipments will slip out of 2023. For the year, we expect RMS organic revenue growth will be in the mid to high single-digit range. In the third quarter, we generated revenue growth in our small research models business and in the services business. Our client segment demand from global biopharma clients and academic institutions remain robust and drove RMS revenue growth. But as I mentioned, this was offset by mid-tier clients affected by the broader biopharma demand environment as well as by softer demand from government accounts. Small molecules revenue increased across all geographic regions, including China, principally driven by price. Our services business continued to report healthy growth, led by in-sourcing solutions and our CRADL operations. Our CRADL sites, or our flexible vivarium rental space, remain well utilized overall and continue to generate significant year-over-year revenue growth. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by 460 basis points to 18.9%. The significant decline was driven by the mix of business, which favored academic clients in our Insourcing Solutions business as well as the timing of NHP shipments within China. We expect the RMS operating margin will rebound in the fourth quarter due in part to the timing of the China NHP shipments. In addition, as we mentioned at Investor Day, we are reviewing the profitability of certain Insourcing Solutions contracts, which should benefit the RMS operating margin in the future. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $175.7 million, an increase of 0.9% on an organic basis compared to the third quarter of last year. The segment is experiencing softness across the broader end markets, which we attribute to a post-COVID slowdown from biopharma manufacturers, CDMOs and their suppliers. These market conditions started to more noticeably impact the Microbial Solutions business in the third quarter. Clients, particularly CDMOs, are cutting costs as part of their COVID destocking efforts and reducing testing volumes and fewer programs advanced into the clinic, but these clients must continue to manufacture commercial products. So we believe the long-term growth trends for our Manufacturing segment will reemerge after a period of right-size. For Microbial Solutions, the global biopharma demand environment is affecting our Endosafe endotoxin testing product line as clients reduce both testing volumes and investments in new instruments. This includes China, where we have a small microbial operation and like many life science instrumentation companies, have seen a decline in client demand. However, other areas of the business, such as Accugenix microbial identification services, continued to perform well. Third quarter trends in biologics testing were similar to those experienced since the beginning of the year. The sector continued to be challenged by the tighter funding environment, which is resulting in clients reprioritizing projects and reducing demand for services that can be conducted at various times during the development process, including viral clearance and cell banking. While not immune to the end market challenges, in the other manufacturing businesses, with cell and gene therapy, CDMO business had another solid quarter. Its strong double-digit growth rate in the third quarter reflected the success of the initiatives the CDMO team has implemented since the beginning of 2022 to improve performance. We are working diligently to continue to expand our CDMO sales pipeline of new products and are pleased to have cleared several regulatory audits in recent months, including European EMA approval of our Memphis site for the production of a second cell therapy product. We believe that successful regulatory audits will generate additional client interest and support our expectation that we will add new commercial clients. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin declined by 410 basis points year-over-year to 24.5% in the third quarter of 2023, but did improve again sequentially. The year-over-year margin decline reflected the lower revenue growth rate and the softer demand trends across the manufacturing end markets. We are intently focused on driving operating margin improvement in the Manufacturing segment, including the profitability of the CDMO business, as this segment is expected to be the largest contributor to achieving our 2026 margin targets. We believe our leading position as an outsourcing partner for our clients' drug discovery and nonclinical drug development efforts is helping us to manage in the current demand environment. The IND enabling and associated nonclinical services that we provide are mandatory to help clients advance their programs into the clinic and eventually to commercialize drugs. Our portfolio also differentiates us in the marketplace, because of our unique focus on early-stage R&D solutions, and our ability to distinguish ourselves scientifically. We believe that these attributes combined with our continued ability to leverage the significant DSA backlog, will enable us to achieve our financial targets. Our value proposition of delivering exquisite science and driving greater efficiency and speed to market continues to differentiate Charles River in the marketplace and is reinforced with today's more budget-focused client base. To conclude, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our third quarter financial performance and updated 2023 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to restructuring actions, gains or losses from certain venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. We're pleased with our third quarter results, which included 4.1% organic revenue growth and an operating margin of 20.5%, representing a 10-basis-point increase on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.72 for the quarter, represented a 3.4% increase over the prior year. As expected, increased interest expense, a higher tax rate and the divestiture of the Avian Vaccine business continue to restrict year-over-year earnings growth rate, but the headwind is beginning to dissipate as we anniversary last year's interest rate increases. Our third quarter results outperformed our prior outlook, but as Jim discussed, we remain cautious with regard to the biopharmaceutical end market demand environment. Our updated outlook for the year reflects our normal practice of narrowing our guidance ranges, as we move into the fourth quarter as well as a shift in the gating of our forecast between the third and fourth quarters. This is due in part to lower cancellations and study slippage than forecasted in the third quarter in the DSA segment, offset by a reduced outlook for the Manufacturing segment in the fourth quarter. Given the cumulative effect of these factors, we have narrowed our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the full year. We now expect revenue growth in a range of 2.5% to 3.5% on a reported basis and 5.5% to 6.5% on an organic basis, which represent the low end to midpoint of our prior ranges. We expect continued pressure in the Manufacturing segment, reflecting the softer demand trends, including in the Microbial Solutions business, which we believe will be partially offset by a more favorable outlook for our DSA segment for the year. We expect that the consolidated operating margin will be modestly lower than in 2022, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share guidance in a range of $10.50 to $10.70 compared to our prior outlook of $10.30 to $10.90. We'll continue to manage the business in a disciplined manner, with a focus in setting achievable financial targets, protecting our operating margins by managing costs and driving greater efficiency, remaining disciplined with our investments, taking share and implementing other initiatives to improve performance and manage effectively in this environment. We continue to evaluate our operations and we'll appropriately manage our cost structure to align with the current domain environment. Restructuring actions implemented this year are expected to generate approximately $40 million in annualized cost savings. Our updated revenue growth outlook reflects slight revisions for each of our segments. As I just referenced, we are reducing the outlook for our Manufacturing segment to be flat to low single-digit organic growth from our prior outlook in the high single digits. For the RMS segment, we have widened the bottom end of our outlook to mid to high single-digit organic growth. This reflects the timing of NHP shipments in China, some of which may be deferred to 2024. And our RMS segment also experienced a more discernible impact from mid-tier biopharma clients' softer demand. Our improved outlook for the DSA segment to high single-digit organic revenue growth, principally reflects the lower cancellations and study slippage in the third quarter that I referenced. I will now provide some additional details on the non-operating items that affected our third quarter performance. Unallocated corporate costs in the third quarter totaled $48 million, or 4.7% of total revenue compared to 5.8% of revenue last year. The decrease was primarily due to benefits achieved through our virtual power purchase agreements, or VPPAs. Despite the favorability in the third quarter, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 5% of total revenue for the full year. As we announced in October, we have achieved 90% renewable electricity globally through a solar VPPA in North America and a wind VPPA in Europe. These agreements have enabled our facilities in those regions to achieve 100% renewable electricity, providing a key component of our efforts to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions. The third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 21.6%, representing a 140-basis-point increase from the same period last year. The higher tax rate year-over-year was due primarily to the geographic mix of earnings. However, the tax rate was favorable to our expectations, principally because of discrete tax benefits related to U.S. R&D tax credits. For the full year, we now expect the tax rate will be at the low end of our prior range, or approximately 22.5%, due primarily to the discrete tax benefit. Total adjusted net interest expense for the third quarter was $32.4 million, representing a decrease of $1.2 million sequentially, due primarily to debt repayment. For the full year, we have narrowed our total adjusted net interest expense outlook by $1 million to a range of $131 million to $133 million, as any further rate increases by the Federal Reserve before the end of the year will not have a meaningful impact on our 2023 results. At the end of the third quarter, approximately 80% of our $2.5 billion in outstanding debt was at a fixed interest rate. Our gross and net leverage ratios were both approximately 1.9 times at the end of the third quarter. Free cash flow was $139.5 million in the third quarter compared to $60.4 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to favorable changes in working capital as well as lower capital expenditures. For the year, we have narrowed our free cash flow guidance to a range of $340 million to $360 million. Capital expenditures were $65.9 million in the third quarter compared to $72.4 million last year. For the year, we now expect CapEx to be in the range of $330 million to $340 million or below our prior outlook of $340 million to $360 million. We continue to take a disciplined approach to managing our capital deployment and are committed to aligning our capacity and capital investments with the current demand trends. A summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on Slide 37. With one quarter remaining in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our guidance for the full year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to decline by nearly 10% on a reported basis and at a mid-single-digit rate on an organic basis. This will result in flattish year-over-year organic revenue growth in the second half of the year, which is consistent with the outlook provided in August. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.50. The fourth quarter outlook largely reflects a very challenging comparison to the prior year when we reported organic revenue growth of 18.8%, including DSA growth of 26.5%. In conclusion, we're pleased with our solid third quarter performance, which is evidence of the resilience of our business, despite a cautious biopharma spending environment as growth rates normalize to pre-pandemic levels. We'll continue to manage our business prudently in response to the challenges we are seeing in the broader market environment and work diligently to achieve our financial targets. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is now open.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you very much. Good morning and truly appreciate all the additional details on the NHPs. I'm curious, in 3Q, could you provide commentary on the gross awards in DSA? Were those positive, above one, below one? Just any color on gross bookings in the quarter? And then on the backlog, $2.6 billion. I'm wondering if you have additional thoughts on where and when that backlog may stabilize at what level? What -- how long it might take for the net reductions to come to an end? Thank you.
Flavia Pease: Good morning, Eric, yes, the gross bookings were above one in the third quarter. And we also, as you saw in our prepared remarks, had a sequential improvement in net book-to-bill in the quarter. So the backlog came down a little bit from the second quarter. It's at $2.6 billion now. It was $2.8 billion in the second quarter. So I think it demonstrates that things are stabilizing, and we're reverting back to the pre-COVID norm as we have been talking about.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, if I could just jump in with one more. You had an Investor Day not so long ago. Some new updates here on the timing of 3Q, 4Q impacts, maybe some additional market change over the last month or two. I'm just curious, does -- anything you're seeing today change your outlook on the LRP that was provided just a while ago, achievability, confidence levels? And then specifically on 2024, I know you plan to give guidance later, but Street's hovering around $11 of earnings. I think this update might provide some controversy about whether that's a realistic target. I'm just comfort with high-level views on your comfort levels with where Street expectations are for next year? Thank you.
Jim Foster: So Eric, we feel confident about our three-year guidance that we just gave. I think those numbers are achievable both on a segment basis and on a total company basis. And I would say that, relative view on 2024, which we talked about a little bit on that call, hasn't significantly changed. But it's a complex market environment. We definitely want to see how the fourth quarter ends. We've only had a month. So it's really too early to provide any more details on 2024, but we feel good about the three-year numbers.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Just in terms of DSA bookings, just a follow-up from Eric's question. Do you see any impact from like push-outs or timing issues? I just want to make sure that we're just looking at everything on sort of like an apples-to-apples basis? And secondarily, can you talk about the cash flow in the quarter? It's a little weaker than we had been expecting. So I just wanted to make sure I understand -- understood all of the puts and takes there. Thank you very much.
Jim Foster: So we -- slippage and cancellations isn't always obvious. We've talked about that a lot. Definitely higher this year, but we're seeing a slowdown in cancellations. We definitely saw that third quarter. So pleased to see that. So it feels like things are normalizing. We're kind of getting back to pre-COVID cadence. We certainly want to finish the quarter and put it an apostrophe after that -- a period after that, I mean. So it's always part of the business, got more pronounced because that we had studied volumes we're booking out 18, 24 months. In some ways, that was really nice. In some ways, that was probably too long because we saw clients just booking slots that would not necessarily knowledge that they had a study and often when they got to the point of actually committing, didn't have a study. So that's been a little bit disruptive. So we've got pretty good backlogs now. Not as long as they were, but not as sure as they were years ago. Impossible to tell where that's going to settle out. But it's moving towards a better place with more predictability, more consistency and probably a more normal cancellation rate. I think Flavia will answer the other part of that question.
Flavia Pease: Good morning, Elizabeth, on free cash flow, the quarter actually was pretty solid. We reported about 100 -- close to $140 million in -- that was up almost $80 million or 130% versus prior year, although last year was a relative slow base. For the year, cash flow is a little pressured. Some movement on working capital, receivables and inventory and timing of that, but I think it's still a very solid performance. We actually have lowered our CapEx for the year a little bit. Our guidance, as you saw to reflect modulation of our investment in capacity, given the current demand environment in Q3, CapEx was a little bit above 6% of sales which is below what we've been -- we told you all at Investor Day that our target would be 7% to 8%. I think we are navigating the current demand environment well, fortifying our performance, and we'll deliver solid free cash flow for the year.
Elizabeth Anderson: So you're not seeing an incremental slowdown in like pharma payments or biotech payments, given the current environment? And then is that CapEx the way to think about things going forward? Just to double quick on two things you said there.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I'll parts those two comments out. So we are not seeing any impact or any significant impact with regards to bad debt or any similar metrics of creditworthiness. There's nothing unusual and significant in the receivables side. And then from a capital perspective, we're not coming off of the 7% to 8% that we provided about 1.5 months ago. I'm just saying that relative to that, we were lower in the third quarter.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question. Hey, Jim, I appreciate the additional top line commoner on the NHPs. But I think the key question investors have is what's been the benefit from margins and EPS since 2019? And what happens when pricing goes back? I mean, rough back of the envelope, and you can always check my math. It looks like it's about a $3 benefit this year to earnings, assuming the margins are similar, but I see they're accretive. You really think that would really help clear the air, if you just sort of like talked about what -- how you sort of think about pricing trends? I know it's not going to go back immediately to -- prices aren't going to fall back, but I do think this is like the one question that keeps coming up with investors is like, what does EPS looks like as NHP pricing normalizes?
Flavia Pease: Derik, it's Flavia. I'll start, and then Jim can comment. I think it's a little bit of an impossible when and if prices will come down. We have -- as I think we provided in our additional disclosures, price has been a benefit, but perhaps not as much of a benefit as people have predicted. We have diversified supply base, which helps mitigate and manage -- help us mitigate and manage through price fluctuations and volatility. As we said in our Investor Day, we have taken into consideration a modulation of pricing of NHP in our outlook. So we already took that into consideration as we provided you all our LRP numbers for the next three years. I speak more than that. I don't know -- I have any additional comments. Jim?
Jim Foster: I mean I think because the prices have risen dramatically, some of that is reflected. Most of that is passed through. We think that the prices will flat, moderate perhaps, be reduced because there are sufficient numbers. We still think we'll get price besides the incremental price for NHPs as we have for the last few years and volume and mix as a result of the types of studies, what the duration is. So there's been a benefit, but I think it's more modest than people are thinking -- are anticipating. I think that's really all that we could say to -- we really like to stay away from pricing.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Okay. And just switching to something different as a follow-up, can you sort of like quantify what the -- how much microbial was down in the business? And how much of that was China versus the rest of the world? And also, what was the impact to RMS from the NHP push-out to China in 3Q? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes, so without giving you the actual numbers, the China NHP sales are not consistent. So they sort of shift from quarter-to-quarter. And so we'd like to look at that on an annual basis. So we're likely to see more of that happen in the fourth quarter. Some of that might slap over into 2024. And the first part of your question was?
Derik De Bruin: Microbial.
Jim Foster: Microbial. So yes, several things working there, for sure. Some impact from China. We have a small but not -- we have a small but profitable and interesting Chinese business, which has had just some difficulty in terms of supply. With local regulations, we should be moving past that. Like many parts of the business, I mean, the microbial business is providing a lot of release testing for drugs that are going into the clinic or have been approved, but require that law. That's a good news. Probably a less good news is that, there's less drugs going through that testing modality these days. So that has some impact. We also have clients that bought an awful lot of product from us at the end of last year. Of course, we don't know at the end of this year will be like, but it seems to be sort of an unloading of inventory or the fact that they stock up so much that they probably need less. The business is an interesting inflection point with the recombinant products being available. I think it will take a while for us to get traction. But some aspect of our client base has been looking forward to there. We have a very good product. So we feel good about that. So a slightly slower growth rate than we would have liked, but I think that's kind of consistent with demand that we're seeing across the board, particularly from biotech.
Flavia Pease: Derik, just to add specifically on the NHP, it is just a modest headwind to the RMS revenue in the third quarter. We're not going to specify the amount, but it's a modest impact. And to Jim's point, while the Microbial China business is still relatively small, it has been growing nicely for us. So that slowdown does affect the microbial growth rate.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Your line is open 
Casey Woodring: Great. Thank you for taking our question. So just a quick follow-up. I wanted to touch on the bookings. So did gross bookings grow sequentially? Or did cancellations just drop quarter-over-quarter? And then I just have one quickly on the revenue per NHP. It looks like if we use the numbers that you gave here, 30% of DSA revenue per year is exposed to NHPs. If you back out the implied, it looks like revenue per NHP grew close to 42% year-on-year in 2023. Just how should we contemplate revenue per NHP on a forward-looking basis? Thank you. 
Flavia Pease: So I'll maybe take the question on cancellations and growth in that book-to-bill. So I think we also stated in our remarks, the cancellation level in the third quarter was the lowest that we had seen since the second quarter of 2022. So I think we have been talking about a normalization of the domain environment, people going through their pipeline, reprioritization, and we had speculated that, that would eventually modulate. As Jim said, slippage and cancellation is a normal part of the business, but we had certainly seen a higher level of cancellations as the backlog expanded significantly at its peak to 17 months. And so there was a lot of, I would say, rationalization and people prioritizing their compounds.  The gross book-to-bill in the quarter was above 1, as we said. And so the lower cancellations did help improve the net book-to-bill sequentially in the third quarter versus the second quarter. So I hope that answers your question. And can you repeat the part about the NHP pricing?
Casey Woodring: Yes. It was just the less NHPs used this year has led to a lot higher amount of revenue per NHP. So just thinking about that on a forward-looking basis, just trends there? Any color around that trend? Thank you. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. Thanks for clarifying that. Yes. And the last NHP usage and still, on a relative basis, higher revenue is driven by the types of studies that we're conducting more so. As clients seem to be prioritized and post-IND work, we are seeing the impact of that into our study mix as well. And we do a significant amount of post-IND work. These studies are longer in nature. And so from a mix perspective, they result in less units, but relatively higher revenue since you -- they last longer, as I said. So it really will depend on what happens with the demand. It's -- we -- if clients are going back to pre-IND work, you see a reverse of higher numbers of units being used. So it's hard for us to predict, at this point, given that we don't know our clients are going to be clients are going to be prioritizing their pipeline if they're focusing on pre or post-IND studies.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Flavia, maybe one for you, just on the margin side. Gross margins came in a little light. I mean was that just to do with the lower manufacturing side? And then you guys, obviously, offset that with the SG&A being quite a bit lower. Can you just talk about, I guess, the moving pieces on those two and the right way to think about them going forward?
Flavia Pease: Sure. So yeah, the gross margin was dominant. You saw and appropriately pointed manufacturing. And also as we commented, RMS was a little bit impacted by the domain environment with the growth slowing down to about 3% versus last quarter, putting aside the timing of shipment of NHPs. So those two businesses were pressured in margin and our ability to leverage fixed overhead, we did have the benefit in G&A, and I talked in my prepared remarks about the impact of our VPPA. So you put it all together, DSA had another strong margin quarter for us with operating margin expanding 100 basis points year-over-year. So in total, we were about 10 points -- excuse me, 10 bps better at 20.5 versus Q2 as well as prior year. And there's a little bit of mix of businesses there. As I also indicated in my prepared remarks, we are -- as I would expect, remaining disciplined in ensuring that we adjust our footprint and our infrastructure to the current demand environment. We have implemented some restructurings that will -- when all completed, will translate into annualized savings of about $40 million. And so you think about the margin as we are rightsizing our businesses to the current demand environment, there's a little bit of a lag in terms of when you're going to see the benefit of these actions. But I think we commented that we expect -- continue to expect OI to be flat to slightly down versus last year. And we provided some insights to you all in our Investor Day in terms of what we expect for the next three years in terms of margin expansion.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then maybe just one more quick one on the gross bookings side. Can you just help us think about what the gross book-to-bill was last quarter? Again, just trying to feel out the numbers here without the cancellations on the gross bookings side? I appreciate it.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. So we haven't disclosed a specific number. What we have said is growth. Book-to-bill has been above one in Q3 as well as Q2. So it continues to be above. And as I said to an earlier question, what influence the net book-to-bill to be sequentially up in the third quarter versus the second quarter was the fact that cancellations were lower in the third quarter.
Patrick Donnelly: All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and thanks for the additional disclosures. I appreciate that very much. I wanted to try to follow up on a couple of prior questions. So, on the kind of Casey's question, I guess, on the revenue per NHP implied. Flavia, I understand your point about -- I think you're talking about like maybe long-term CAR studies or something of that sort that are -- that run longer without needing more animals. Is that the exclusive impact? Or is there also like a reuse that's not in the -- I'm thinking if you have 11,000 unique animals, for example, and then there are also some reuses of those animals, that would also have the effect of lowering that revenue per annum. I just want to make sure I understand the various contributors to these numbers that you've disclosed this morning.
Flavia Pease: Sure, David. Yes, the primary impact is your first point. Yes, it's card studies, repro studies, those tend to last longer. So we can still get the same revenue with less units. So that's the primary driver. And those types of studies, all post-IND, they were up significantly in Q3. And they have been up sort of Q3 year-to-date versus last year as well. So that, again, goes back to my earlier point of clients prioritizing post-IND work.
Jim Foster: So we have a reduction in numbers of NHPs use, with a meaningful amount of revenue associated with those just because of studies are much higher value -- or much longer and are really essential to be getting drugs through the clinic. So a little bit of a shift at least for this year. It's difficult to say help, but we usually have a pretty good balance between IND files and post-IND work, but that's a really good explanation for why the units are down.
Dave Windley: Got it. Okay. Jim, on the -- there are a couple of comments, I think, in the deck this morning about kind of technology references. I know in the past, the general view has been that as much as we'd like to be able to spare animals or shift to virtual technologies and silicon technologies, that those are probably a long way off. One of your lines in the deck this morning kind of references that like maybe there's a little bit more promise there. And I wanted to -- and kind of that we're going to lead the industry context. I wondered, if you'd comment on that is, am I over reading that?
Jim Foster: Well, I'm glad you asked that, Dave. So, Charles River has a responsibility to utilize alternative adjunct technologies to the extent that they actually exist and work, and regulators and clients will embrace that. And they'll give us decent information. And so, as the largest provider of research models, as the largest [indiscernible] company, we have to lead. So we have multiple investments, relatively small, except for one multiple investments and a whole bunch of different technologies, particularly AI, next-generation sequencing, 3D modeling would be once it come to mind immediately. I met with a company yesterday that's in the AI field, so that's probably going to be another one. And it's impossible to tell how much traction we'll get, but I do think that there's a fair amount of work being done right now. And I can see it sooner than later in discovery, and we can see it sooner than later in helping the clients identify a lead compound and moving away from other drugs that we're working on that probably don't show efficacy and being able to do that with non-animal technologies or less animals. And hopefully, that would speed up the whole process of them moving towards the clinic. So we feel really good about that. Dave, I couldn't guess how far away this is, but I think we'll see some of the discovery impact. And I think -- we think that's beneficial for the industry and for us sometime maybe in the next five years. I don't think it will be substantial. But I do think it will be real. To the extent to which those technologies work, those are likely to be companies that we buy or technologies that we license. And never is a long time, so I won't use the word never, but from everybody that we speak to, we think it's highly unlikely that you're going to see any post-sale replacement of animals and classic toxicology just because it's all about safety in a wholly animal model appears to be the best use -- the best way to do that, but -- and so the extent to which the non-animal technologies ever get any traction tax, I think -- we think that's way off. Having said that, we're just going to do a lot of work, Dave, in all of this stuff. Study it, write about it, utilize it, talk to our clients about it, talk with regulators about it and make multiple shots on goal with these potentially valuable technologies to see what really has traction. So we're going to continue to talk about it because we do think it's important. We do think it's possible in some domain, and we do think that if anybody is going to lead it, it really needs to be us.
Dave Windley: Got it. Relatedly, one of the other areas that you had hoped, I think, to lead on was around this parentage testing and providence of animals. Is that still relevant? Or is that kind of faded and not strategically relevant anymore?
Jim Foster: I think that directionally, that's going to be important, not just for regulators, regardless of the country, but for ourselves just to know that and for our clients just to make sure that these animals are purpose spread. So yes, it's going to be sort of slow going to get kind of a sense from government agencies that they like what we're doing. We actually found several places that we could do this on a cost-effective basis and really sort of nail down the fact that those animals are as we desire. We got out really fast working on it. I think the government is going to be a little more slow in their uptake of even having a conversation with us. But I do think that's something that again, Dave, that I think it's essential. I think we have to -- have the leadership position there. I think that, that -- it's not very complicated by the way. As you know, we have this whole -- the whole being able to identify the genetics -- genome -- the specific animals is relatively straightforward science. It's a lot of animals, so it's not trivial from a cost point of view. But I think we can do it cost effectively and whatever it is other going to pass it on. So we still, I would say, in the background, Dave, but we'll get back to it at some point, for sure.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Justin Bowers: Hi, good morning, everyone. So with booking -- a two-parter for me. With the bookings stabilized and sort of if I look at the revenue and safety assessment for the first three quarters, does that seem like sort of a good run rate like on the go forward? And I just -- if I look at what the guidance implies for 4Q, for example, and we adjust for the extra week last year, it sort of gets at DSA revenues flat, plus or minus Q-over-Q. So that's the first one. And then just with the improvement in the bookings that you're seeing, and I understand flow of cancellations. Is there any way to parse that out in terms of the nature of those cancellations and how it's sort of improved? Is it like -- is it more less of the empty rooms versus programs that are in flight being canceled? Just any additional color there would be helpful.
Jim Foster: The reduction cancellation is a good thing. I hope people are getting that. Because of capacity limitations, demand, availability of everything, including NHPs, and funding seemingly being better whatever last year and the year before, I think we had clients that were really worried that they wouldn't get a slot. And so they booked way out, which is some of that was good news and some of that was just booking a slot without a study. So that's disruptive, particularly when you get to the point of planning to set aside a certain number of animals and a certain cadre of staff, and then people can -- and yes, they have a penalty when they cancel it. That was really great. So I think the normalization of cancellation, which, by the way, isn't always -- cancellation slippage is an obvious -- is really a good thing. We're getting back to probably pre-COVID levels. And as we said a couple of times, it's always been there. And that's in the calculus of our forecasting and our guidance and how we plan for headcount and allocation held. So I think that's actually a good thing. I would stop short of sort of trying to quantify what the growth rate of the Safety Assessment business is on a forward-going basis. It's a business where -- we continue to be the market leader. We continue to get some price. We continue to get a significant amount of volume. I think we just said that we have a lot of stuff moving into this post-IND phase, which is fine, but we want both. Obviously, we're doing some IND work as well. But it's important that we have both long-term studies and short-term studies. And I think what's happening is we're going to have a slow normalization of demand. We have a second quarter where biotech funding is pretty good. VC funding is fabulous, a lot of money coming in from pharmaceutical companies. And so companies, as you've heard us say before, that have few drugs for unmet medical needs will get funded, and they don't all have to come to us, but lots of them will come to us. So, we feel optimistic about the demand going forward. As I said earlier, we stand behind those three-year guidance numbers that we gave at our Investor Day. The sort of speed and cadence of all of this is not particularly clear. It hopefully will be a little more clear as we finish this quarter, and talk to you folks in February about specific guidance for next year.
Flavia Pease: And we can maybe follow-up with you later on the DSA revenue for the fourth quarter, just -- to make sure that we get the math correct. When we provided guidance by segment, it's on an organic basis. And so the DSA, at high-single-digits for the year, leads the fourth quarter there, would imply probably a negative growth in the fourth quarter. And again, to remind everybody, we had an extraordinary fourth quarter in 2022 with 26.5% growth for DSA. So there's a bit of comps there that impacts it. So I don't know if it's the impact of the 53rd week when you did your math.
Justin Bowers: Yes. I was looking -- I was referring more sequentially versus year-over-year, but happy to work through that offline.
Flavia Pease: Sequentially, you're right. It should be flattish.
Justin Bowers: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Flavia Pease: I thought you were talking year-over-year.
Justin Bowers: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Dan Leonard with UBS. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thanks for taking the question. I want to make sure I fully understand the direction of travel here in DSA, and I appreciate all the color on gross bookings. But specifically, I'd like your thoughts on at what point is the continued weakness in Discovery impact your outlook for safety?
Jim Foster: Hardly at all. So I understand why you asked the question. So our strategy and goal is very much that Discovery is a feeder for safety. So that's obviously the essence of your question so. It's a trivial part of the DSA revenue right now. Although we love the business, and we have good science and good parts and pieces, we're in an air pocket right now, but that's going to be transitory. To sort of refresh my answer to your question, if Discovery is rocking that's beneficial to our safety business, particularly if we if we hold on to work. And just generally speaking. But I would say that it's kind of a tale of two cities. Our safety business is actually in this kind of funky economic environment is performing extremely well. We're getting price and share and lots of big studies and our capacity is well utilized when I say capacity, both people and space. So as you think about the future, which I assume you are and if you assume that Discovery sheer pocket continues, and I don't know whether that's true or not. It will matter. It won't really fundamentally affect the size and scope and growth rate and our margin profile for the Safety Assessment business. And if it comes back strong, which, by the way, can on very short notice or no notice, it just would be beneficial and add some incremental revenue to the sector. Also has I guess last also has good margins. So I don't want you to forget that even though it's slower than we would certainly like the Discovery business has gotten nicely profitable had wonderful growth rate last year, the year before and the year before that. And I think we're holding our own very well. But it's just -- it's very simple. You've got clients, big and small, emphasizing post-IND preclinical work and clinical work just because they have to get some drugs to market to generate more revenue. That's -- and that's sort of an always-always. But if they don't spend money on discovery, which, of course, is what they do, what biotech only does, they don't spend money on Discovery, then they'll have nothing whatever, two years, three years, one year from now in the clinic. So it's not our opinion. It's a certainty that the pendulum has to swing back a little bit difficult to call because it's definitely related to funding and the overall economy. And I think it's related to that much less being related to the strength of the scientific modalities, which are going to be quite powerful. We got some really great drugs with these companies we're working on that are better life saving. So we'll watch you. We'll let you know as soon as Discovery begins to come back. And as I said a moment ago, it will come back sort of surprisingly fast. Studies are short. We don't give a lot of notice on them. The turnaround time is pretty good, so is the pricing.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate that clarification, Jim. And if it's possible to ask an unrelated follow-up. I was hoping you could frame proportionately how much of your manufacturing business is driven by commercial products versus early-stage products that might be more subject to the reprioritization that you talked about on the call?
Jim Foster: Good question. So the CDMO business is all pretty much all clinical. So that's not manufacturing that stuff. So it's a little bit different than the rest. Yeah, I mean, a big piece of microbial is to lot release for commercial products. So yeah, for sure and less stuff goes through the pipeline as less stuff is approved as they're trying to spend money in the clinic and maybe manufacture less of their other products. It slows down a little bit. Similarly, with biologics, that's also -- we have to test those drugs before they go into the clinic. So just so I don't confuse you, yeah, a lot of stuff is focused on the clinic and going into the clinic, but less than they would otherwise like to go into the clinic just because they care. But we talked about the reprioritization of their pipelines. So even big companies, big pharma, who is well financed, has budgets and they're very tight on the budgets, both in terms of headcount and other things. So we've definitely seen just a conservatism on the part of almost our entire client base who has -- they have really good portfolios. They are just not developing and prosecuting their entire portfolios, maybe the way they did in 2021 and 2022. Again, it's all transitory. So as stuff gets through the clinic and into the market, and when the economy feels better for these folks, I'm not an economist, so I have my opinion that kind of -- not useful on this call, I do think we'll start to see a lot more spending in discovery. But to answer your question specifically, you'll see a lot more testing of commercial products to go into the clinic.
Dan Leonard: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning, and appreciate the time here. Maybe one on RMS, more of a cleanup really. Flavia, can you parse out that 460 bps decline in RMS margin across the NHP timing in China and the academic in-sourcing mix? I know you mentioned it was mainly the latter as far as top line growth. So is it fair to assume that, that sort of flows through to the margin sort of dynamic as well? And over what time frame do you expect to see a little bit of help from exiting the lower margin and sourcing contracts? I mean, is that a 2024 dynamic? Or is that more 2025 and beyond?
Flavia Pease: Hi, Tejas, how are you? So the RMS impact, both on top line as well as margin was a combination, as I said, of the lack of significant shipments of NHPs in China as well as a mix of businesses in our RMS segment. As you pointed out, we had a higher growth of some of the lower -- on a relative basis, lower margin subsegments within RMS. So we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. We're seeing, from a demand perspective, more resilience on the larger pharmaceutical clients and government contracts. So that plays into the margin. And then in the fourth quarter, though, we will have NHP shipments. So the margin for RMS will pick up in the fourth quarter. I think we had telegraphed data or signal that in Q3, we weren't going to have any meaningful shipments and therefore, the margin was going to come down. So again, this is consistent with what we have been expecting. As far as the government contracts that we expect that we announced in the Investor Day, that are lower margin and that we would be exiting will likely start in the 2024 horizon.
Tejas Savant:  Got it. That's super helpful. And then one on just the margin outlook here on a go-forward basis. Jim, I mean, obviously, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, manufacturing support is the biggest driver of margin expansion. Just in light of the 3Q headwinds here, what flattish margins next year be a fair additional assumption? I know it's a complex environment, but you also called out RMS seeing a little bit of macro headwinds here beyond China NHPs. So just any directional color for -- sort of on 2024 margin trajectory would be super helpful. Thank you. 
Jim Foster: I know it would be super helpful, but I have to wait until February to get that clarity, but I appreciate you asking.
Flavia Pease: Tejas, I would say, though, we still feel good about the 150 bps over a three-year period that we shared with all of you during Investor Day. The timing of that, as Jim said, it's not linear in that three-year horizon. And obviously, the main environment will play into that as we go into 2024. But we also, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, have also appropriately adjusted or started to ensure we are appropriately reflective of the current demand environment with some of the actions that we took already this year. So I'll let you take those pieces and make your estimates for 2024 until we provide guidance in February.
Tejas Savant: All right. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the time
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Max Smock with William Blair. Your line is open 
Max Smock: Hi, all. Thanks for taking our questions. To start, maybe I'll try to get at Derik's question from a lot earlier here, just in a different way. So your disclosures imply about $780 million of NHP-related revenue in 2023. How do the margins associated with this NHP work compared to your DSA operating margins this year? And how have the margins on that NHP were changed over the last few years as a result of the pricing increases on the NHP side?  And then in terms of assumptions moving forward, I'd be curious to hear your take on what you actually have baked in for margins on NHP work as part of your midterm guide here, given your comments about pricing normalizing some here as we move forward. Thank you. 
Flavia Pease: So maybe I'll start, and Jim can add. And I think I've -- we commented on this over the last several quarters. NHP work, on a relative basis, has slightly higher margins than some of the other species more -- we do. They tend to be more complex, sometimes longer. And so there is a mix impact that has been favorable as biologics had grown, and that drives higher demand for NHP work within our total study species work that we do. So that has been a tailwind. We don't know if that will continue or not, but that is unrelated to the discussions that we've been having on price. And I think maybe, Jim, if you want to add some comments.
Jim Foster: I think that's all.
Max Smock: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe just following up on Dan's question from a couple of minutes ago here. You mentioned the slowdown in discovery doesn't change your strategy in preclinical. But I just wanted to confirm that I heard you right, that we're not close to the point where the slowdown in discovery that we've seen over the last couple of quarters here starts to impact gross bookings and safety assessment. And then ultimately, gets work is like the pipeline towards the clinical stage. Like when do you think do we get to that point? And when should we start to get concerned? I guess, at the slowdown we've seen in discovery will start to impact preclinical more heavily and eventually clinical trial demand? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Don't be concerned. It's not the first time this has happened. When times are good, we see a balanced spending in discovery and development. That benefits our whole portfolio. When client base is concerned about revenues, they tend to nuance the clinic. And with regard to preclinical stuff, the post-IND stuff, and there before. And in terms of the growth in development and solidity and strength of the companies, they have to go back and spend a discovery. So it's just a matter of time, and it's impossible to call it, although we'll obviously have to call for our operating plan for next year. But as I said before, our discovery business, which we're pleased with the scale, pleased with what we put together is still trivial by comparison. So it's really going to have no impact on the growth of our safety assessment business any time soon. As I said before, positive about as we continue to work hard to have a flow-through for successful molecules for discovery safety, it could be a benefit, but I really don't see this being a detriment. I suppose if the business was much larger, and 90% of our clients were moving stuff from discovery to safety, I might give you a different answer, but that's -- maybe we'll be there someday. It's not where we are right now. So I understand that they are connected, but it's actually useful to look at it on a connected basis. So what you see when we report DSA is essentially primarily our safety assessment results.
Max Smock: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Charles Rhyee with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Rhyee: Thank you for taking the question. I had a question on the fourth quarter guidance, just generally how to think of cadence overall. I think pre-COVID, your fourth quarter was typically your strongest quarter in terms of earnings. Obviously, that wasn't the case during the COVID period and certainly not the case this year from tough comps, as well as some of the trends you're discussing. If we think about the range here for the fourth quarter, is this a good jumping off point, though, as we're going to the ex-COVID period? It seems like backlog is normalizing. Cancellation rates are slowing, and we're maybe getting to a more normal period. And so would we expect the jump-off point for the fourth quarter to think of first quarter next year at least sequentially down and we be getting back to a more normal cadence of earnings?
Flavia Pease: It depends on what you mean by jump-off point from a growth rate, right? Our first -- our fourth quarter, as I indicated in my remarks from an organic revenue, it's mid-single-digit decline, which is not, I think, how you should be thinking about the outlook for 2024. Without putting -- without giving any guidance into 2024, we -- I think the fourth quarter is being impacted by comps, because we had extraordinarily high performance in the fourth quarter of 2022, with close to 19% growth. So if you're talking about growth rates, I have to be careful.
Charles Rhyee: Right. Some color on from a dollar standpoint?
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think from a dollar standpoint, I think I commented earlier, it's sort of flattish, I think, to slightly down versus the third quarter. Normally, our fourth quarter tends to be our largest quarter from a dollar perspective. But we do, as you pointed out, we've seen some impacts from the demand environment, and that plays a little bit into the fourth quarter. We really encourage you guys to look at us on an annualized basis. We have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. There's comps when we compare to last year, first half, second half, as we pointed out. First half was relatively lower, second half was very strong from a growth rate, and then there's other things like the timing of the NHP shipments in China, as I pointed out.
Charles Rhyee: Great. And if I could just quickly follow-up on that?
Jim Foster: Use the entire year as the jumping off point, I think it's what we're saying. So we had -- we've had some complicated comps this year and last year, first half year versus second and vise versa. The sort of assumption that quarters will be at certain growth rate is almost a positive for us to discern. I think we do a very good job at giving you annual guidance. So try to embrace what the full year is growth rate and margin is as some sort of reasonable jumping off point, subject to whatever we do with pricing and whatever volume we can gather for the next year. But if you just assume that whatever the fourth quarter is just going to continue, I think that's going to give you an erroneous result.
Charles Rhyee: Yes, understood. If I could follow-up on that NHP. Just what is the sort of root cause on the kind of the difference in timing of shipments? Has that always just been a constant in this business just not very noticeable or just not having needed to be called out until more recently? Or is there something more specific happening over the last year or so?
Jim Foster: Yes. No, I mean it's always been there. We had to call it out, because it was sort of unpredictable and the numbers are pretty big. The impact when we get it is quite positive. We don't have a lot of control and we have x number of NHPs available. We have a handful of local clients, Chinese clients who want them. And sometimes that slides, they say they want them in a certain quarter, and they don't take them or they don't take all of them. So it's again, a little bit unpredictable, but we should end up selling all that we had anticipated during the fiscal year. So we have said earlier that numbers of animals available was slightly less than they were a couple of years ago. And so that has an impact as well.
Charles Rhyee: Great. Thank you, so much.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jack Wallace with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Jack Wallace: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Quick one on NHPs and again, I appreciate all the disclosure. I think you recall that there was expected to be about half or certainly less than the $190 million -- or $160 million impact for the back half of the year due to supply constraints. It looks like there was a solid beat in DSA in the quarter, possibly related to that. Was there any NHP revenue drop there or impact that was you previously called out that we experienced in the third quarter?
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think we've been -- the team has done an incredible job throughout the year of ensuring we could support the needs of our clients and mitigate almost all the impact of the supply disruptions that we were expecting in the beginning of the year. And so as a result of that, as you saw, we actually updated our full year guidance for the DSA segment now to high single digit. And so I think the impact of NHP supply disruption would really -- has really been de minimis and has allowed us to actually increase the DSA guidance.
Jack Wallace: That's fantastic. And then quickly over to manufacturing, thinking about the testing business. Just to put the demand for testing in context for vaccines, roughly, where are we today in terms of demand mix versus, say, pre-COVID? Just trying to get an idea if there's -- as inventories have been diminishing, whether there's a snapback here. We're still above -- at an elevated level compared to historical norms. Thank you.
Jim Foster: I think the historical levels of testing or higher. A lot of the work got sort of high-jacked with COVID that should be coming back. What we're encompassing now is just to pull back the numbers of drugs to be tested just generally a huge emphasis in getting stuff through the clinic. Again, our biologics business, not unlike discovery snapback quickly -- get snapback quickly. We have very short-term valuable studies with -- they just come in regard of lotus. Historically, there's been more of a more of a predictable cadence that we're experiencing this year. But we do think that going forward, we're heading back to sort of historical onset the discovery -- the biologic [indiscernible] had very good growth rates and margin accretion over the last few years. Microbial has been a steady grower for 25 years literally, with exceptional margins. And we do think our CDMO business, which nobody has asked about, but in our prepared remarks, now is performing well, growing nicely, bunch of regulatory audits, several clients hopefully move it from a clinical phase of the commercial phase. That will -- that obviously will be accretive to the manufacturing segment's top and bottom line as the margins improved.
Jack Wallace: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Josh Waldman: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just one here on DSA. Jim, I guess I wondered if you could comment on any changes you're seeing in the competitive landscape and safety assessment? Curious, whether demand fluctuations, cancellations or maybe capacity availability have resulted in any changes in recent discounting levels or the broader competitive landscape?
Jim Foster: We're not. We are significantly larger, deeper science and a much broader footprint than our competitors. And we also have the connectivity on the other parts of our business, particularly discovery aspects of manufacturing -- the manufacturing business. So we're not seeing any fundamental changes. We have smaller competitors. I would say that without exception, they compete with us primarily and essentially on price. I think they can do an okay, general toxicology study for you, but definitely not an okay complex study for you. And some of them have very small footprints and very limited capacity. So I think we're holding and taking share. I think we're getting price when appropriate. I won't tell you that we never have aggressive pricing. We'll get aggressive if somebody's attacking a big client that we have or we're bidding on new de novo business. But generally, we feel that over the last few years, we've got much better paid for the complexity of our work. So I don't think the competitive dynamic is going to change. It's probably a complex, expensive business where you have to have a lot of history for your clients. So appreciate you. So I think folks that know better tend to come to us we're working hard to have sufficient capacity. So we don't turn them away. And when I say capacity, I'm talking about staffing and facilities. And not just facilities in one place, but facilities all over the world. So we feel particularly good about our competitive posture in most of our businesses, but I would say particularly in safety.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Tim Daley: Great, thanks for fitting me here. So first, just noticed that there wasn't really a mention this quarter on the call of the recent reorg of the large model, safety tox infrastructure, kind of like quasi-offshoring. So just curious, does that mean we've kind of stabilized all that set in place, no more disruptions to top line or profits? And then what was the year-to-date margin headwind from this undertaking, if we were to think about that on the DSA margins specifically?
Jim Foster: So I assume the first part of your question is about NHP disruption that we encountered at the beginning of the year and thought it might be more profound. So all that we can tell you is that we have a large international infrastructure. We have multiple sources of supply, some of which we have an ownership position, some we have JVs, and all of them we have long-term contracts. So we have sufficient numbers of NHPs. I can't guarantee anything about the future, except to tell you that we are operating in very good harmony with local regulatory authorities. We have sufficient numbers of very high-quality healthy animals from multisources. We've had no disruption to and with our clients are really pleased with the way we've been handling it. We will have the same assumption in terms of stability of NHP supply as we move into next year for sure, and unless something case happens in the next couple of months, which we don't anticipate. So your question was a little was looking for some guarantees. We don't anticipate any disruption, and we're doing everything we can to ensure that we don't have disruption and we had disruption at the beginning of the year as we think through no fault of our own, as our set of circumstances. But right now, things are very stable from a client support point of view. I take the second part of that question.
Flavia Pease: The second part in terms of impact to margin, I think the DSA margin, both on the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, has been strong. And so as Jim said, I think we've done -- our teams have done a tremendous job on making sure that we navigated the situation, and there was practically no impact into the margin of any supply movement that we made to accommodate the demand.
Tim Daley : All right. Got it. That's really helpful. And Jim, just a follow-up here. On the supply side of things, in the 2Q 10-Q filing, there was a mention of a post quarter end acquisition of the majority stake of a prior JV large animal model supplier in the DSA business. I think kind of grossing it up gets to almost $0.5 billion valuation for that entity. So could you just please provide us some detail on that? Location, plan, strategy, just some help there would be great. Thank you.
A  Jim Foster: Sure. So I can't be too specific since it hasn't closed yet. But the first tranche, we bought. So we own a big piece of this business. So very high-quality source of supply that we worked with for years. I quite confident that the rest of it will close, we will essentially own that site. And obviously, we will participate in running the site and hopefully, expanding it over time. And that's just -- that's another way to ensure the availability of high quality -- it's a particularly good location. We'll be able to give you clarity on that, hopefully, in the not-too-distant future, who it is, where it is and what the positive ramifications are.
Tim Daley: Got it. Look forward to it. Thanks.
A  Flavia Pease: I think that was probably the last question we had. Before we wrap up, I do want to go back to Derik's question or Matt on the $3 per share of NHP pricing, as we suggested. Because that would mean that almost all of the $235 million of cumulative benefit of NHP pricing that we share with all of you over the past 3 years would have dropped down to OI and EPS. And that -- it's just not true because our costs from NHP suppliers also have gone up meaningfully over the last 3 years. And so we're not going to provide details on how much they increase for competitive reasons, as you might imagine. But I can assure you that the costs have come up meaningfully. So the math on the $3 per share, I think, overstates that significantly.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in queue. I will turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and have a great day. Thank you. This concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by your program is about to begin. [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2023 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2023. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarters conference call. Id like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially than those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. We were pleased with our second quarter financial performance including organic revenue growth of 11.2%. As expected, the revenue growth rates in the RMS and Manufacturing segments improved from first quarter levels and the DSA segment had another strong quarter with low double digit revenue growth and operating margin improvement. DSA performance reflected the substantial scale and duration of our backlog, which has enabled us to effectively manage the business. For the year, we are narrowing our revenue growth and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to the upper ends of the previous ranges. This update largely reflects the successful implementation of our mitigation efforts around NHP supply for which I will provide additional details shortly. However, we continue to expect for second half growth rates to be pressured primarily in the DSA segment as a result of three primary factors. First, the current market conditions are resulting in a continuation of the lower backlog and booking trends. Second, the DSA segment faces a challenging year-over-year comparison after having generated organic revenue growth of 23.6% in the second half of 2022 and finally we still expect a modest impact from NHP supply constraints principally in the third quarter. We are also closely monitoring the near term demand trends of our biopharmaceutical clients as they appear to be reprioritizing their pipelines and tightening their R&D budgets. This is affecting our industry and our company, but we will continue to leverage our significant DSA backlog and intend to appropriately manage the business amidst a more cautious biopharma spending environment. During times of funding or macroeconomic uncertainty, clients are looking for even more efficiency and speed to market and we believe they will continue to choose an industry leader like Charles River in order to derive additional value from our flexible and efficient outsourcing solutions. With regard to NHP supply, we have been effective in our efforts to leverage our global safety assessment infrastructure to alleviate the overall impact of supply constraints caused by the suspension of Cambodian imports into the U.S. and have made significant progress to better utilize our sites outside of the U.S. Based on our progress today, we believe that we have successfully mitigated the logistical challenges posed by the current NHP supply constraints by conducting more studies outside of the U.S. and better leveraging our global infrastructure, which is a competitive advantage for Charles River. We have been able to effectively transfer safety assessment work between sites because much of our capacity was built flexibly to accommodate multiple species of both small and large models. The transition of this work to our international sites this year has required time to implement study scheduling, logistics, quarantine operations and retraining of some staff as well as working with local government agencies. However, we have already made significant progress with these initiatives and do not foresee any meaningful NHP supply constraints affecting the business in the fourth quarter and next year. As a result, we now expect the impact from NHP supply constraints will be less than our initial outlook of a 2% to 4% impact to consolidated revenue growth this year. We have narrowed our DSA organic growth and growth outlook to the mid single digits or the upper end of the prior range to reflect this positive update on NHP supply. But we also expect the favorable impact to be largely offset by the current DSA demand trends. Going forward, we are operating under the assumption that we will conduct meaningfully the last NHP related study work in the U.S. as our international infrastructure will be sufficient to accommodate this work. I will now provide highlights of our second quarter performance. We reported revenue of $1.06 billion in the second quarter of 2023 and 8.9% increase over the last year. Organic revenue growth of 11.2% was driven by strong performance in the RMS and DSA segments as well as an improvement in the manufacturing growth rate led by the CDMO business. By client segment, second quarter revenue growth was broad based across global biopharma, biotechs and academic and government institutions. However, demand from global biopharmaceutical clients modestly outpaced small and mid-sized biotech clients for the second consecutive quarter. This demonstrates the diversity and stability of our overall client base as globals continue to move their critical programs forward at a time when biotechs are being more selective with spending to extend their cash runways. The operating margin was 20.4%, a decrease of 140 basis points year-over-year. The decline was driven by continued margin pressure in the manufacturing segment as well as higher unallocated corporate costs. Earnings per share were $2.69 in the second quarter, a decrease of 2.9% from the second quarter of last year. As anticipated the year-over-year increase in interest expense and the tax rate continued to be meaningful headwinds to earnings growth this year as was the divestiture of the avian vaccine business. As I mentioned earlier, we have narrowed our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance ranges for the year to the upper ends of the ranges due largely to the successful implementation of our NHP mitigation efforts. We are narrowing our organic revenue growth guidance to a range of 5.5% to 7.5% and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.30 to $10.90 for 2023. We have increased the lower end of the ranges by 50 basis points and $0.40 per share respectively. We believe our existing DSA backlog and our in depth assessment of the normalizing demand trends gives us continued confidence in our financial outlook for this year. I'd like to provide you with additional details on a second quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segments results. DSA revenue in the second quarter was $663.5 million, an increase of 11.7% on an organic basis. The Safety Assessment business continued to drive DSA revenue growth and contributions from base pricing and study volume. NHP pricing was a small benefit to the growth rate, although less of a benefit than in prior quarters. The second quarter performance of the discovery services business which posted lower revenue compared to the prior year was reflective of the current market environment coupled with the shorter term nature of both discovery projects and the businesses backlog. DSA backlog decreased modestly on a sequential basis to $2.8 billion at the end of the second quarter from $3 billion at the end of the first quarter. Net bookings and proposal activity continued to trend lower with net book-to-bill remaining below one times on a quarterly basis. This was primarily driven by the cancellation rate which trended higher and accelerated in the second quarter. We believe the cancellation rate has increased because during the peak demand environment over the last few years clients booked studies further in advance of when the work would be required. Now the clients are rationalizing lower priority projects in their pipeline. They are cancelling the associated studies. We view this trend as largely a reversion to the mean and expect that as clients complete the pipeline rationalization process, cancellation rates will decline and the backlog will be more reliable -- will more reliably reflect the actual study demand. We believe the cancellations will decline because incoming new Business Awards or gross booking activity that is not adjusted for cancellations remain robust resulting in a gross book-to-bill remaining about one times in the second quarter. We now see clients booking closer to when studies are required, which increases the reliability of the backlog. The current level of gross bookings can support healthy revenue growth rates which suggests that solid underlying growth prospects for the Safety Assessment business will return once the rate of cancellation subsides. We believe the stabilization of the demand trends will be supported by encouraging macroeconomic indicators as well as stable to improving biotech funding levels. In the second quarter, biotech funding showed the first quarter over year increases in seven quarters on a trailing twelve month basis. We also have an average of thirteen months of revenue coverage and our safety coverage and our safety assessment backlog. This solid backlog coverage affords us the ability to appropriately manage the business through fluctuations in demand environment, backfill gaps and study schedule and meet our near term financial targets. This and our level of backlog coverage for the remaining quarters in 2023 is well above the historical pre-pandemic averages which gives us additional confidence about the resilience of the business and our ability to achieve our financial goals. The DSA margin was 27.6% in the second quarter at 230 basis point increase from the second quarter of 2022. The increase continued to be driven by operating leverage associated with higher revenue in the Safety Assessment business. In addition, we are closely monitoring capacity utilization for both physical infrastructure and labor, including the pace of capital spending and hiring and are committed to keeping these metrics closely aligned with the current demand environment as the DSA growth rate normalizes. RMS revenue is $209.9 million, an increase of 13.9% on an organic basis over the second quarter of 2022. RMS segment continued to benefit from broad based growth in all geographic regions for small research models and another exceptional performance from our end sourcing solutions business led by our CRADL initiative. In addition, as we referenced last quarter, the timing of large model shipments within China benefited the second quarter growth rate leading to the outperformance compared to our full year RMS outlook of high single digit organic growth. The growth rate for small models in China also benefited from the comparison to last year's modest impact from COVID related restrictions in the Beijing and Shanghai regions. While growth rates cooled a bit in the second quarter we are continuing to see stable demand and pricing for small research models in North America and Europe, which reinforces our growth outlook for the year. As you know, these models are essential tools that enable scientists to move their biomedical research programs forward. The stable demand trends also reflects a large base of wealth and the clients in the RMS segment as more than half of RMS revenue is generated from academic and government institutions and large biopharmaceutical clients. The Services businesses continue to be the primary growth driver for RMS. With in-sourcing solutions or IS leading the way, ISs CRADL operations are continuing to expand and generate excellent client interest. We recently opened a new site in Seattle and our first location Philadelphia. Including these locations, we now have 32 CRADL sites totaling over 400,000 square feet in five states with growing biohubs as well as in London and China. The Philadelphia side is expected to cater to a large base of cell and gene therapy companies in the region, a sector of the market which we continue to believe will generate abundant growth opportunities across our portfolio. Our CRADL network supports the flexible growth of the entire life sciences ecosystem in each biohub, allowing researchers to utilize our flexible Vivarium rental space instead of building their own infrastructure. In the second quarter of the RMS, operating margin increased by 150 basis points to 26.4%. This improvement was driven primarily by leverage from higher revenue growth in China due to the timing of large model shipments and last year's COVID related impact. Because the timing of large model shipments in China is not linear we are expecting the third quarter RMS revenue growth rate and operating margin will be a bit lighter than the second quarter as a result of fewer shipments. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $186.5 million, an increase of 6.6% on an organic basis compared to the second quarter of last year. The increase was driven by the CDMO and Microbial Solutions businesses, partially offset by continued softer demand for biologics testing. The cell and gene therapy CDMO business had a strong quarter reporting a solid double digit growth rate. We are very pleased that the initiatives the CDMO team implemented over the past eighteen months to improve performance have been successful and are beginning to generate the intended results. The creation of centers of excellence in gene modified cell therapy, viral vectors and plasmids has more optimally aligned the business and investments in the commercial readiness of our operations and efforts to continue to improve the sales funnel for new projects have also contributed to the performance improvement. We are also pleased to be working with a commercial self therapy client in Memphis and have a few other clients who are nearing commercial launches over the next one to two years at both Memphis and our Gene Therapy Center of Excellence in Maryland. Microbial Solutions delivered a solid second quarter performance led by the continued strength of the Accugenix Microbial Identification platform. Last month, we were very pleased to have completed the launch of our Endosafe Trillium recombinant cascade reagent, or rCR for bacterial endotoxin testing. This animal free solution reinforces our commitment to sustainability initiatives and provides a recombinant alternative for indecisive clients who wish to become early adopters of more sustainable testing methods. Trillium utilizes three biological proteins which we believe provides superior accuracy and testing outcomes to competitors, single protein alternatives as well as equivalents to LAL based testing measures. With the launch of reagent kits in July, we plan to have Trillium cartridges available this winter, which clients will be able to utilize in their existing Endosafe systems for a seamless transition from LAL to rCR. We believe that client adoption will be gradual over the next several years as most clients will likely continue to rely on our LAL based Endosafe cartridges which utilizes 95% less LAL than traditional methods. The introduction of the animal free Trillion solution supports our advancement of responsible science and further enhances our industry leading position as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid manufacturing and quality control testing. Testing volume in the biologics testing business improved from the seasonally soft first quarter level. But the year-over-year growth rate continued to be pressured, particularly for viral clearance and cell banking services. We believe the performance is indicative of the current market dynamics of clients reprioritizing projects and becoming more budget focused, particularly for services that could be conducted at various times during the development process. Manufacturing segments operating margin declined by 570 basis points year-over-year to 22.9 % in the second quarter of 2023, but did improve sequentially as anticipated. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the biologics testing and CDMO businesses, but we do expect the segment margin to continue to trend higher, particularly as the CDMO performance continues to improve. We were very pleased with the second quarter results which gave us the confidence to narrow a 2023 revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to the upper ends of the previous ranges. Although some demand trends are moderating, we believe that's a fundamental drivers of our business are intact and we are well positioned to manage through any near term fluctuations for several reasons. First, clients are under intense pressure to bring new drugs to market, we believe they will always a large experience scientific partner like Charles River who can provide the greatest value to them through unmatched scientific expertise and flexible and efficient outsourcing solutions. Second, the scale and duration of our DSA backlog provides us the visibility to more effectively manage the business through timing and location using our global network of facilities. And third, we will continue to drive a culture of continuous improvement, speed and efficiency. As a result of our digital transformation, which provides us with better access to data and insights internally to appropriately manage costs and investments and enables our clients to access real time data, e-commerce solutions and other self-service tools. And finally, we believe the power of our unique portfolio differentiates us today more than ever from other companies that provide R&D support services to the bio-pharmaceutical industry. As part of our annual strategic planning process, we recently completed a thorough review of the current market environment, our growth prospects and the strategic imperatives for our company. Through this process, we believe the current and market trends could be characterized as a normalization from the past several years when there was unprecedented focus on investment in biomedical research and scientific innovation. However, we are optimistic that we will be able to capitalize on the many opportunities our markets provide. We intend to share more of our conclusions and update our longer term financial targets at our Virtual Investor Day, which we have planned for Thursday, September 21. To conclude, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now, Flavia will provide additional details on our second quarter financial performance and 2023 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results which exclude amortization and other acquisition related adjustments, cost related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, gains or losses from our venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. We're pleased with our results for the second quarter which included organic revenue growth of 11.2% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.69. These results, which are consistent with our prior outlook, reflect the continued resilience and stability of our businesses even during times of macroeconomic pressure. As was the case in the first quarter, increased interest expense, a higher tax rate and the divestiture of the Avian vaccine business continue to restrict the year-over-year earnings growth rate. Our first half results and our updated NHP supply outlook support our revenue growth and earnings per share guidance for the full year, which has now been narrowed to the upper end of the prior ranges. We continue to be well positioned to deliver reported revenue growth of 2.5% to 4.5%, organic revenue growth of 5.5% to 7.5%, non-GAAP earnings per share between $10.30 and $10.90 and free cash flow of $330 million to $380 million for the year. Our updated revenue growth outlook for 2023 reflects our revised assumptions about two headwinds that will affect the second half growth rates, particularly in the DSA segment. First, the impact of NHP supply is expected to be below our original estimate of a 2% to 4% impact to total revenue growth. This favorability will be largely offset by the impact of macroeconomic and funding pressures on biopharma client demand trends. For the DSA segment we expect the cumulative effect of these factors to result in a slightly more favorable outlook for the year with revenue growth rates in the mid single digits on a reported and organic basis for the year. The Manufacturing segment benefited from continued traction in the CDMO business in the second quarter, but we expect continued pressure on the biologics testing growth rate due to a more budget focus client base. As a result, we're reducing our reported growth outlook for the manufacturing segment to a low to mid single digit decline and narrowing our organic segment growth outlook to a high single digit increase. The RMS segment growth outlook remains unchanged with a high single digit growth on both a reported and organic basis. With regard to the consolidated operating margin for the full year, we expect the margin to be flat to slightly lower than in 2022. We will continue our efforts to manage costs, reduce discretionary spending and drive efficiency, as well as monitor the demand environment to ensure our cost structure is closely aligned. I will now provide some additional details on the non-operating items in the second quarter. Unallocated corporate costs total $65.1 million or 6.1% of total revenue in the second quarter compared to 4.1% of revenue last year. The increase was primarily related to the timing of corporate expenses, which fluctuate on a quarterly basis with a lower level in the first corporate costs averaged 5.2% of revenue in the first half of the year and we expect approximately 5% for the full year. The second quarter tax rate was 23.3%, representing a 220 basis point increase from the same period last year, but consistent with our full year outlook. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a lower benefit associated with stock based compensation and other headwinds related to discrete tax items. For the full year, we continue to expect the tax rate will be in a range of 22.5% to 23.5%, which is unchanged from the outlook we provided in May. In the second quarter, total adjusted net interest expense was $33.6 million, which is essentially flat sequentially. For the full year, we now expect total adjusted net interest expense will be in a range of $131 million to $134 million, this is slightly lower than our prior outlook, primarily as a result of our assumption that the Federal Reserve will take a less aggressive stand towards interest rate hikes for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, at the end of the second quarter, approximately three quarters of our $2.68 billion in debt was at a fixed interest rate. With regard to the variable rate portion of our debt, our outlook can accommodate an additional 50 basis points of rate increases for the remainder of 2023. At the end of the second quarter, our outstanding debt balance represented a gross leverage ratio of 2.1 times and a net leverage ratio of 2 times. We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to deploy capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Over the longer term we continue to believe that strategic acquisitions will generate the greater shareholder returns by enhancing our growth potential. But in the near term, we intend to continue to focus on debt repayment. Free cash flow was $80.7 million in the second quarter compared to $66.6 million last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to favorable changes in working capital. For the year, our free cash flow guidance of $330 million to $380 million remains unchanged. Capital expenditure was $67.4 million in the second quarter compared to $82.9 million last year, primarily as a result of timing of projects. We will continue to monitor the demand environment and intend to keep capacity and capital investments closely aligned with market trends. We continue to expect to make capital investments in the range of $340 million to $360 million for the full year, which is in the 8% range as a percent of total revenue. A summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on Slide 40. Were expecting the second half consolidated organic revenue growth rate to average in the range of flat to low single digit growth. The slower growth from first half levels is due to three principal factors, including the modest NHP related supply impact in the third quarter, a more cautious biopharma spending environment and also difficult growth comparisons to the second half of last year. These items will have the most significant impact on the DSA growth rate. The Manufacturing segments performance is expected to continue to improve from the first half levels and the RMS segment is expected to continue to deliver solid performance with a third quarter RMS growth rate and operating margin a bit lighter due to the timing of large model shipments in China. For the third quarter, we expect low single digit revenue growth on both a reported and organic basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to decline by approximately 10% from the third quarter 2022 level. In closing, we continue to focus on the execution of our strategy and delivering solid financial and operational results. We're pleased with our first half performance and despite some macroeconomic and funding pressures on our biopharma clients, we believe the fundamental drivers of our business and our solid financial position will enable us to successfully navigate this environment. We operate in a durable industry with attractive long term growth prospects and will continue to leverage our capabilities, expertise and proven strategy to fully support our clients evolving needs and achieve our full year financial outlook. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will pause for a moment to allow questions to queue. And we'll take our first question from Sandy Draper with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Sandy Draper: Great. Thanks very much. And I apologize hopefully Jim you didn't cover this. I had to jump on the call a little bit late. But in terms of the demand environment is there a noticeable split between the types of customers large pharma, mid-size pharma, emerging biotech that it's--- is it coming in any particular area any whether by size by therapeutic classes, any way to think about sort of or is it broad based that you're seeing sort of come a little bit more cautious as across all the different therapeutic classes and all the different sizes? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Pretty broad based for different reasons obviously. The big pharma companies which are typically flushed with cash, have budgets and they are holding very tight to them. So we've got-- we have some careful spending there and you've got a whole category of very small biotech companies with you know some potential concern about burn rates and running out of cash. So we would say that essentially both of those groups would be careful subject to the following caveat that we have particularly, I think the strong performance from the pharmaceutical sector in the second quarter. So some of the companies are quite strong. Our growth rate has been juiced for the last, I don't know decade, principally by small and midsized biotech, bigpharma has always been an important client base for us, but they have been particularly active and strong to a point and the point being budget. So I'd say some careful spending across the board would be probably the best way to characterize it.
Sandy Draper: Great. Thanks, Chairman. I'll just keep it to one question for now. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Thanks, Sandy.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much. Good morning. Two-part question on DSA first, I know it's modest and better than you originally expected, but, would you care to quantify the more specifically quantified the third quarter impact from NHPs and what you're seeing for the full year versus the original 2% to 4%? And then secondarily on the commentary around backlog declines and cancels, while that was I think fully anticipated, I am curious what your perspective is on the $2.8 billion today, how much of that do you think could be at risk? Or where -- and maybe another way of saying this, would you be looking at similar backlog declines over the next one, two, three quarters? Just trying to get a sense on what you think the underlying safe base is and that that backlog that you're disclosing now? Thanks so much.
Jim Foster: Yes, difficult to say where it settles out. So we had a sickly, frothy market and clients, definitely -- concerned about getting slots? And so they booked way out. So yes, we got as far out as you know seventeen, eighteen months, we talked about that. We got about thirteen months of coverage right now, which, feels good. We will have less slippage, so slippage increased, sorry, we've always had slippages increase just because the sheer volume of work has increased by the same token, I think people were holding slots without necessarily knowing what drug they would put into that slot. That's exacerbated by the fact that everybody's sort of refining their pipelines. And so as things continue to normalize which they are and we think they will continue to, I think the good news is that they'll be booking studies somewhat closer to when they start. So that's a good thing for them and for us. We should see a reduction in slippage for sure, but we should still have a substantial amount of business and backlog where it shakes out is a little bit difficult to call. What we've said is it's normalizing instead of returning to the mean, and I think all of that's true. We've gotten a significant amount of price each year for the past half a decade anyway, increasingly so because the studies are more complex. So as we look to the current and the future, we think the price will continue to be an important part of the equation, as will some substantial volume. So we'll just have to walk through this together as we walk through the quarters. The other thing which we keep saying that I'm not sure people pay a lot of attention to it, is we don't have linearity in our business. So, last year we had a very slow first half and a very strong second half. This year we've had a very strong first half and a less, sort of pointing to a less strong second half. That doesn't necessarily tell you much because our clients look at the spending throughout the whole year and we've -- I think we've been able to call, so the annual cadence really well. But we feel that that business is good, demand is solid, we have a strong competitive situation and that our clients will be focusing on studies to start more rapidly than they have over the last two years.
Flavia Pease: And an average, just to your first question about the DSA impact. We're not going to quantify it precisely, I'm just going to say that it was meaningfully below the previous 2% to 4% range that we provided. We're going to see a little bit of that in Q3 just as we operationalize those the logistics of redistributing work across our geographic footprint. So it should be a small modest impact in Q3 and nothing in Q4. And just one additional comment with regards to the backlog, in addition to everything that Jim just said, I think we pointed out that gross bookings were above one items of the book-to-bill in the quarter. So I think it's really, to Jim's point, canceling of work that was placed when the market was very frothy and the reversed to the mean as you pointed out.
Eric Coldwell: And Flavia, if gross bookings were above one, is I think about this 12% revenue growth in the segment, does that mean gross bookings were up 12% plus as well? Am I thinking about that right?
Flavia Pease: I -- there's other things there. There's price that is different year-over-year. So I wouldn't necessarily draw that direct conclusion, but growth bookings are going to be supporting continued healthy growth with DSA. That's how we should think about it.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I've got two. Jim, we continue to get a lot of questions from investors about -- speaking about how NHP pricing is going to roll to the business that normalizes and pricing starts to come down. People are worried about your margins. Can you sort of walk through the impact of what that has done in terms of NHP price on your margins and just sort of how you're sort of thinking about mitigating that? Thanks. And then I've got a follow up.
Jim Foster: I mean the NHP pricing has been primarily a pass through and so we've -- we're covering our costs and getting reimbursed for them. And so if and as those come down, which I think everybody expects that they will, so it's a little bit difficult to call it because the availability of NHP is sort of ebbs and flows. So let's assume there is a sufficiency of them and we don't have the need to pass on anything incremental. I mean those NHP studies are priced appropriately given the complexity of the work, given the amount of labor and space that's utilized, given how prominent we are in space. So I think we'll continue to be able to hold on to very attractive prices there without being significantly adversely impacted by not having that somewhat unreasonable increase. I mean if you look at the price of NHPs over the last five or six years, it sort of increased at an unpredictable rate. So I think everybody would be pleased with that. I think it'll have a de minimus impact on us.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And then a follow up on the Manufacturing segment, high single digit growth now versus high single low double digit prior. Just a little bit more color there in terms of some of the headwinds in terms of the testing business and just what you're seeing in the CDMO just basically the questions or goes into this is like when do we expect that business to go back to its potential double digit growth rate? Is that feasible going back and looking at 2024?
Jim Foster: So thats getting specific about 2024, I would say it's certainly feasible. I mean the microbial business which is sort of tracking maybe high single has always been at low double. So it has that potential given the pricing and the complexity and diversity of the product line. So that continues to be very strong franchise for us since its extremely profitable. The CDMO business which was a big headwind last year is improving nicely both on the top and the bottom line, so that should contribute well. Biologics business is a little bit curious. It always starts slow so that it's not a big surprise. Stayed reasonably slow again second quarter, but we anticipate it will continue to improve in the back half of the year. That testing has to be done before drugs get into the clinic and the big push now is to get things into the clinic. What we're seeing thus in some of this stuff is really expensive is that in viral clearance and cell banking which are expensive and I don't know, a year or two ago they might have done that earlier in the process, were waiting until later in the process. So as the drugs continue to develop well they will spend that kind of money and we still feel very good about that franchise and the investments that we've made in capacity and staffing, assays that we put in place to cell and gene therapy. And were definitely holding our own from a competitive point of view, but the volume is such that's a bit of a drag right now on margin. So that will continue to ameliorate in the back half of the year. We're beginning to think and plan carefully for our investor conference at the end of September. Well, we'll try to give as much clarity on what we think the absent flows are on the specific businesses across the whole portfolio when we get there.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tejas Savant: Hi guys, good morning. I want to go back to that earlier question on price, Jim if I may. You know in the past you've always told us that clients are less focused on price and safety assessment, more focused on start times. Now obviously that concern around start times no longer seems to be as acute anymore and will likely keep coming in lower, if you will. So with that sort of backdrop and the macro cross currents that you're seeing, how should we be thinking about pricing into sort of not just the back half of this year, but perhaps into 2024?
Jim Foster: You should assume that pricing will -- that we will continue to be able to garner meaningful price given the complexity of the work, you should assume. Can't really speak for all of our competitors, but I will. You should assume the capacity is going to be tight so while we can start studies faster and the backlog is shorter, the backlog is not trivial and we're very busy on a worldwide basis and we've added more capacity last year and this year, but only enough to accommodate for what we think the anticipated demand will be. So I think as long as there's lots of healthy drug development, which there is, as long as there are multiple new modalities which there are as long as access to capital is -- improves which I think probably everybody on this call has a different sense. But the second quarter was better and yet there's more M&A and you know, so if we have IPO markets open up, let's say the beginning of next year, cash will be readily available. So we're not -- its not a major focus of ours and of course it's going to, that's also going to have inflow depending on how busy we are and depending on how people feel about the economy. So some of this is sort of a sector related response and a lot of it's just an overall economic response. So pricing will continue to be meaningful in terms of our ability to get a significant amount.
Flavia Pease: The only caveat on -- has that I was include is -- over obviously the last couple of years, inflation has been unusually high and as Jim pointed out, given the complexity of the work that we perform, we are able to pass inflationary pressures to our clients and as that modulates and normalizes that level of past will also adjust. So that's the only thing to keep in mind.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then Jim, quick follow up there. You talked about sort of framing the long term targets at the Analyst Day, but you also sort of mentioned that normalization of elevated growth that you've seen here over the past decade or so. So is that sort of essentially sort of foreshadowing perhaps your long term growth targets coming in a little bit to that high single digit range?
Jim Foster: Yeah. So you'll have to be patient for another month. We'll give you chapter and verse on where we think we're going, both on the top line and bottom line. Let's wait until we do that on Mass. Q - Tejas Savant All right. Thank you. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Dan Leonard with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. My first question on the NHP situation. It sounds from your remarks that the solution you have in place to utilize your global footprint is permanent. What are the implications of that for margins or otherwise?
Jim Foster: So, nothing's forever.
Dan Leonard: But it's possible that it's permanent, right?
Jim Foster: We're not looking at it as necessarily transitory, look we're looking at it as utilizing our infrastructure, which is bigger than everybody else's of clients and competitors. Continuing to use it to our competitive advantage and that means multiple supply sources of NHPs that might mean multiple geographies and multiple facilities. So the good news is we have a very big infrastructure and enormous amount of expertise in NHPs around the world. And we'll be able to slide in different providers of NHPs let's say in U.S. market if you don't bring them in from Cambodia. And if we do bring them in from Cambodia, then we'll use multiple sources. So I don't believe it's going to have any impact on our margin without being too specific about we're doing all of this work and then we're getting healthy prices everywhere. Obviously, costs are not identical everywhere that we do work, but on a blended basis. As we keep the volume up, we should be able to generate hopefully increasingly better margins. We're also spending a lot of time on efficiency initiatives, particularly through our digitization effort and sort of standardization of activities. So, if a client is used to getting work done and somewhere in the U.S. and now it's getting it done, for instance, somewhere in Europe, they should feel that the work will be identical.
Dan Leonard: Understood. And I have a follow up, Jim, on your CDMO business. You mentioned that you have a few other clients reaching commercialization in the next one to two years. Possibly you could speak to whether any of these are more meaningful indications and could be more needle moving. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sorry, meaningful indications of what? You cut out at the end.
Dan Leonard: Yes, more meaningful indications or more needle moving?
Jim Foster: Yes, very difficult. I mean, the needle moving from the point of view that we're having vigorous regulatory and client audits. And if those are successful on both I think that puts us in a very rarefied position from a competitive point of view. So we would anticipate that gives us sort of a clean bill of health and other clients would follow. It's impossible to gauge what the volume will be with these companies. It's possible to gauge what the volume will ultimately be, but I think most of these will start relatively slowly both from a regulatory point of view, insurance coverage point of view, doctors being comfortable with it, of course, as you -- I think you all know of cell and gene therapies facts are still only whatever fourteen drugs that have been approved. So, there's a very serious safety profile. We're thrilled to have multiple clients that are either commercial or talking seriously about it or going through these audits. Hopefully that will pick up and of course almost regardless of the volume itself, you're doing the same thing over and over again. So, since the client is now in a commercial mill year, we should get -- they should get more price, we should get more price as well and we should be able to continually refine the process. So, there's only positives about the work moving in new commercial domain.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate those thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Maybe I have sort of a two-part question, one on the short-term side and one on the longer term side. If we talk about sort of what -- your commentary on, on DSA bookings and cancellations, I'd be curious sort of if you could talk about whether you saw the accelerating cancellations continuing into July? And then on the longer term end of the spectrum like can you help remind us like if we've gone through other sort of biotech funding cycles like if we think back to 2016, 2017 or even back to the financial crisis? Like how do we sort of like thread this sort of improving biotech funding environment that we've been seeing your sort of cancellation commentaries in terms of like when those things sort of the funding sort of might come through to offset that? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. So we're going to stay away from giving in to quarter numbers. So we'll stay away from the July question. Sorry about that. The historical cycles are difficult to compare to because every single one of them is something different is instigating it, overall economic conditions are different and the client base is different, both in terms of modality and scale and funding abilities. So it's tough to say. And I've said for years, I don't think this business is particularly cyclical. But we're seeing a little of it now for sure, with clients favoring the clinic to the -- a bit certainly to the detriment of some of the early discovery work. I don't think much to the detriment of the of the safety work because you're not getting anything into the clinic without that. So again, we feel that it's normalizing right before our eyes. We don't know exactly where it's going to shape out -- end up except it was unusual, it was fun, but it was unusually frothy and sort of instigated by COVID and real concern about running out of space. So I think we'll be in a bit-- in a different place and I hope a better place where that the clients can book somewhat sooner, not necessarily overnight but somewhat sooner, prices hold up for sure cancellations and slippage would be reduced as a percentage of the whole and we would be working much more closely with the clients and having less kind of surprises way down the road with this slippage. So everybody is sort of saying the same thing. The really big guys are saying, look we have budgets and we can't blow them and the little guys are saying, we're -- things are looking up, but we need to be a little more cautious until things improve. So depending on how you feel about the next year or two, I think most people think that we'll see an improved economy that should strengthen the demand and it should shake out into a more favorable place.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just a quick follow up, in terms of the more global NHP work that you talked about before, are you seeing an interest from non-Chinese clients and doing NHP work in China or is that kind of remain like a more dominated by Chinese biopharma companies?
Jim Foster: I mean it's tough for us to say since we don't do work there. So it's a bit anecdotal. I think some clients that are extremely price sensitive to the Western clients will go to China. I think the preponderance of the work that is done in China is for -- is by Chinese CROs for Chinese biotech or pharma companies where it's essentially required by law. So we see a little bit of that in conversations with our prospective clients, but not very much.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, I wanted to clarify quickly. In your answer to Eric, Flavia, did you say gross bookings about one times or above one times, just interested in -- are we talking 1.01 or 1.1 or 1.2, just an order of magnitude if you don't mind?
Flavia Pease: Good morning, Dave. I mean, I said above one, I want once [indiscernible] benefited as precision, but certainly above one.
Dave Windley: Okay. Jim, on the international or global activity and repositioning your NHP work, can you talk about -- you mentioned, I think conversations with regulators or work with regulators. Can you, can you talk about the work that you've done there to get either Canada or Europe, European organizations comfortable with the supply chain in a way that the Fish and Wildlife Service is not comfortable?
Jim Foster: I probably can't cut too deep into that, but we have other geographies that for sure from a both regulatory and permitting point of view and communication point of view and a support point of view are quite comfortable with the way we're operating given the multiplicity of sources than HP, so it's sort of a different approach. We certainly hope that we get back to a similar relationship with the U.S. obviously we have that with non-Cambodian animals and we think in time to continued conversations that will get to the point that we'll have multiple sources of supply from multiple locations. So it's sort of an interesting inflection point right now where we're getting -- the good news is we're getting our work done for our clients without delays that we're doing our quality basis, we're using our infrastructure well, we're using it flexible way, we're getting significant amount of price and we're using the animals that we have contracted for. And we're happy and somewhat proud of our ability to pivot in the midst sort of a complex situations, but I do think overtime it will continue to ameliorate and improve on a worldwide basis. That's certainly our goal.
Dave Windley: Thank you. And just as a quick follow up, you mentioned to Tejas that, I think you're still seeing price or in the current, just thinking short term in the current environment given the changes in demand trend, are you seeing discounting in the market from your competitors at all for safety assessment studies? Thanks. That's all I have.
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean it depends on the competitor. It depends on what sort of work we're getting on. I think that periodically there's some more aggressive pricing, certainly as I said earlier, there is from the Chinese competitors and there always is from some of our smaller competitors. Sometimes we play, we participate and sometimes the price points that they have set up are at or below our cost and we're not going to play and we're trying to. We try to maximize the return. We have a lot of long term contracts with some of our bigger clients which has some price protection in it. And probably periodically where we do see prices as well, so we'll do what we can to be responsive to different types of clients, many of whom have been concerned about availability of capital.
Flavia Pease: Different types of work as well, right? The more complex work, there's less competition and a little bit more -- less resiliency.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Max Smock with William Blair. Your line is open.
Max Smock: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Maybe just one for me here on the RMS segment. Thinking about demand for research models and indicator of health and stability of early stage research activity more broadly and this quarter we've consistently heard that companies are prioritizing later stage programs and said some more of the same today. I'm just wondering how that is inconsistent with what you're seeing in RMS? Is there anything to call out there other than maybe your exposure to large well funded clients? And how do you think about the likelihood that the macro environment starts to more meaningfully impact that segment moving forward? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. The RMS business is particularly strong [indiscernible] it was particularly strong in the second quarter in large measure because of NHP sales in China, service, significant service revenue particularly on the CRAFL and small animals in the U.S. and Europe. So, while there may be less animals acquired for discovery, those animals are obviously used widely in pharmacology and in regulated and non-regulated talks. So I think, I think it will be the minimus and you're not going to get drugs in the clinic next year or the year after or five years from now if the discovery work doesn't start up in a significant way again. So these sort of emphasis on one place or another has to be short lived in terms of the development of pipeline. So, we continue to sell our research models literally to everybody in the world. Business fields between -- quite strong right now we've -- we always have and will and do get price. And we have a much broader portfolio and geographic footprint from the competition. So, while it might be a little bit slow on discovery side, it will continue to improve.
Max Smock: Got it. Thank you. May be and just a follow up one for me here on manufacturing. You mentioned the weakness and things like viral clearance that don't need to necessarily be done right now, but need to be done at some point. I mean, based on this and your visibility into the work that's kind of been delayed here, is it fair to say that this work is actually simply being delayed instead of cancelled? And if so, how do you think about that work flowing through in the future? Is there some bolus maybe building up that at some point, maybe 2024 could be a tailwind to the biologic safety testing business in particular?
James Foster: That would be nice, and I'm not sure that that's happening, but it's very complex. It's expensive, it's a necessity. Drugs don't get into the clinic unless you can prove that you cleared any sort of human viruses that might be in the mix. We've seen it historically done earlier in the process. And so it's just simply  it's a little bit comparable to safety studies and specialized safety studies that are way more expensive and clients wait until they're in Phase 2 or Phase 3 before they spend the money on that. So it's not that unusual. It's a very smart thing to do and you don't want to expend the money on a drug that's not going to get to the client, which could happen if you do it prematurely. It's difficult to extrapolate as to whether there's any sort of bolus at all. So I wouldn't want to take a guess at that. I think that for sure, people are sort of whittling down their pipeline; it doesn't mean that they're necessarily selling or canceling programs. It just means that they're shelving them. So that could heat up again and that could bolus of all work across multiple work streams.
Max Smock: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open. 
Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, may be to circle back up on the backlog cancellation question. I'll try to ask it in a different way. I mean it looks like maybe $200 million or so of cancellations, maybe that 7% of the backlog. Can you frame that up in terms of historically what that looks like? Just trying to get a sense of, again, as a few people have asked what this looks like relative to other cycles, how much has accelerated and just the right way to think about this going forward.
James Foster: If it's a right or wrong way. You've got more work in backlog, which necessitate which brings with it more slippage and cancellation. So it's -- to some extent, its math. But as it's elongated, I think it's exacerbated and increased it. So it's not particularly comparable to other things that we've seen historically which is fine. This sort of demand curve and competitive scenario, complexity mortalities continues to morph and change all the time. But we're definitely normalizing the situation, which I think will be normalized the situation, and we still have 13 months of backlog. I think it will be a better paradigm to predict the next quarter and to come up with our operating plan for 2024 when we do that.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's fair and maybe just a quick one. When we look at 4Q in terms of -- it should be a relatively clean quarter in terms of no NHP headwinds, is it fair to look at -- and it might be for Flavi as well on the EPS side. Is it fair to look at kind of DSA and EPS is a decent kind of run rate jumping off point when we look at 2024? Is there anything left in terms of these headwinds or onetime things that we need to consider on those pieces? Thank you guys. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think as Jim has said, we'll provide additional clarity to 2024 in our longer-term outlook in our Investor Day on September 21. But I think just in terms of the normalization of any impact of NHP supply, as we said, there shouldn't be anything in Q4 for 2024. So from that perspective, it should be [indiscernible].
Patrick Donnelly: I appreciate it.
Todd Spencer: I think I'll just up that. I think any one quarter, as Jim said before, that our business isn't linear. So any one quarter is remember a good indicator of a longer-term trend necessarily. I mean we really take a lot of pricing guidance on an annual basis, and I think we've been pretty successful with that so far.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. Understood. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Casey Woodring: Good. Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. So you called out emerging biotech budgets is a key driver of some of the cancellations. But you also mentioned that funding level showed the first year-on-year increase in seven quarters on a TTM basis. Last quarter, I think you get a at industry funding grew 20% year-over-year. So curious on sort of the correlation there and maybe what your visibility is into emerging biotech demand. DSA has always been a short-cycle business. So heightened cancellation rate, is that more a function of customers just choosing to book work less fly in advance? Or is there a structural demand is you going on? Thank you. 
James Foster: Discovery work in discovery comes in very rapidly and goes out very rapidly, Sipho [ph]. The demand curve can turn on a dime as our client smaller and some midsized clients get more comfortable with their access to capital. There's lots of tea leaves to reap there, right, it's follow-ons and IPOs and money coming in from big pharma and DCs, et cetera, which appears to be strengthening. At what point the clients are comfortable enough to prosecute a larger cadre of drugs is somewhat unclear, but it seems to be moving in the right direction. So we felt for a long time with the client base. It's been extremely well financed. And I wouldn't say they're poorly financed right now, I'd just say that there has been mounting concern about the weather access to capital would continue or not. So given that the tea leaves look positive, we would think that at some point, they would be more comfortable with that. But right now, there's definitely an enhanced focus on the clinic. That makes a lot of sense. It's not a huge surprise but they have to get back to basic discovery sooner than later.
Casey Woodring: Got it. And then maybe if I could just follow up quickly, one for Flavia. On the quarterly pacing in the back half for DSA if the supply impact in the first half is mid-teens, that rolls off with no impact from supply in 4Q, as you noted, based on the mid-single-digit guide for the year, is that implied 4Q DSA growth rate flat to negative for 4Q? And then maybe just talk about if that's the right way to think about it and what that exit rate would mean for 2024. Thank you guys. 
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think between Jim and I, we addressed this in the prepared remarks. There's a few items impacting the second half and in particular, DSA. There is a little bit of NHP supply impact in the third quarter. Just as we finalize the rescheduling of the work across our international footprint. There's also a comp. If you will have the last year, DSA was incredibly strong in the second half. So we have those costs impacting it there. I think as we got it to a mid-single digit in the first half of the SA being about 15%, 17%, you will see a second half deceleration of that growth rate. 
Todd Spencer: I think we can take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to our next question from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Justin Bowers: Hey good morning everyone. Jim, can you talk about the improvements in the CDMO business and how that's performing this year relative to the growth expectations when you entered the business a couple of years ago?
James Foster: Sure. We've got three centers of excellence in that business now, which is a change from the companies that we bought. So one company doing gene-modified cell therapy manufacturing, another one doing viral vector manufacturing and another one doing plasmids. We've spoken previously, we have enhanced change and we upgraded pretty much staffing across the board from sales for regulatory folks to our general managers. We definitely have improving books of business in all three of those locales subject to the caveat they all have a slightly different time frame to generate new business. As we said a moment ago, we do have a few clients that we're talking to about moving into a commercial domain in the cell therapy manufacturing business. So it takes some time for a world to actually acknowledge and that we're in this business that we do it seriously, what our products and services are and how they can contrast that with others that they could do the work with. So we had a rough year last year, for sure, just kind of retooling these businesses. They feel like they're a much stronger place right now. Clients seem much happier. We've got some regulators in. And so we're confident that we're going to have higher growth rates this year and meaningful improvement over the past year or last year. And we anticipate that, that will continue. We had great hopes for these businesses, both in terms of top line growth, significant top line growth that would be accretive to both manufacturing for sure and the company as a whole and that the margins would improve as the scale improved, which we still believe.
Justin Bowers: Got it. And then just in terms of the normalization in DSA, and we all appreciate how dynamic the last few years have been. Is there a way to just sort of care the commentary, I mean before clients were booking more than a year out in advance, can you just help frame sort of what it was like, let's say, maybe pre-COVID and pre some supply chain disruption and whether we think it sort of return to that or somewhere in the middle?
James Foster: Yes, again, a bit tough to say, but we probably have six to nine month backlog depending on the type of tax work of specialty for general and depending on the client and the locale, they got much longer than that. Historically, never got more than, I would say, nine months. So the kind of pre-COVID was as it was in a good place. And we have more price lately than we used to in those days. So the hope would be that we get back to a reasonably attractive run rate that both allows us to take share and continue to gain our price and continue to be paid for the complexity of our work and utilize our capacity. So I'm pretty comfortable with the capacity situation, both staff and space for us and the industry and for us, particularly since we're the largest player. I think that plays very well to this continuing to be a financially beneficial business with hopefully improving operating margins over time.
Justin Bowers: Got it. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from John Sourbeer with UBS. Your line is open. 
John Sourbeer: Thanks for taking my question here. May be just one digging into a little bit more on the microbial business within manufacturing. It sounds like this continues to be a strong growth year. Did this grow double digits in the quarter? And maybe if could you talk a little bit about the sustainability of the outlook here and where you think this has the potential for maybe growth over the long term? Thanks. 
James Foster: So not going to break down the growth rate on the individual pieces on a quarterly basis. But that business continues to have terrific technology, IP that's quite advanced, a broader portfolio than any of the competitors that's using a classic capabilities and our cartridges and now coming [indiscernible] common version of that cartridge using less and less crude out of the [indiscernible] and continued more automation and the utilization of digitization. So that business, which is extremely profitable, we do think has the propensity to be more profitable and certainly grow at historical rates. So  and also has a sort of increasing connectivity with our Biologics business and our cell and gene therapy business. So it was a little more of a  it's always been an attractive business. It's a little bit of an outlier years ago, and it feels much more central to the portfolio than it has historically. So we remain very positive about the current and future prospects of that business
Todd Spencer: I think we can have our next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open. 
Jacob Johnson: Hey thanks. Good morning. Maybe just one for me. Jim, on cradle, that seems to be a business that's doing pretty well in this environment. Can you just remind us kind of the mix of kind of small biotechs and pharma for that business? And then I'm also curious if you're seeing cross-selling opportunities from new client wins. Is that opening up any new doors for Charles River? Thanks. 
James Foster: Yes. The client base has been and continues to be very surprising. So we thought it would be all tiny biotech companies that we're watching that cash or didn't want to commit to large amounts of space in places like Kendall Square and Cambridge or South San Francisco. And we have a bunch of those. We have a surprising number of really midsized companies and big pharma companies, which is a surprise because even they either run out of space or don't want to build new space and have a hot new drug that they want to work on. And so we love that. So we have some very big pharma footprints in many of these geographic locales. So it's a business that is even more attractive than we originally thought. It has very high growth rates, very high margins. You would be very impressed with the client base at each site. Some of the sites get full before we open them. People go through them and they kind of commit to them. As we said previously, I think the huge opportunity here is the preponderance of the work we do now is often supplying the animals and taking care of them while people do basic research. And that's a perfectly good business, by the way. I think over time, we'll supply the animals, take care of them and participate with the client in running the study or do the entire study for them. And whether or not we do that, this is definitely a business that is currently and will continue to feed other parts of our portfolio, particularly discovery and eventually safety if the drug looks promising. So high-growth, high-margin business, if you looked at it on a see-through basis, it's even higher growth and higher margin. I also think -- I don't mean to be a wise guy with his comment that it's relatively recession-proof -- probably the most recession-proof thing that we do because it's companies large and small, totally depending on our proximity and infrastructure to do their basic research. So we love this business. You saw in the prepared remarks, we have a lot of sites now and a significant amount of square footage. The acquisition that we did last year is doing extremely well to a smart thing for us to do and we love the geographic footprint
Todd Spencer: I think we can have our last question, please? Hello, Shelby.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please ask your question. 
Tim Daley: Good. Thanks. I just wanted to touch on RMS China here. So we called out increased competition, specifically on the large model side. That's consistent with news split for other country. So I just wanted to revisit the previously communicated expectations for RMS China to grow double digits in 2023. Can you update us on the current outlook for the year? And any additional color would be great if you could quantify RMS split between large and small models. And that's it from me, thank you.
James Foster: So not going to call that time. I mean the large models at every quarter. And the numbers of animals is a little bit difficult to predict as at the price points, but its definitely was beneficial to the RMS top line growth rate and margin for the quarter. It continues to be a very attractive market for us. It was adversely impact a little bit over the last couple of years with some of the COVID lockdowns. But we have several new facilities. We're trying to cover the whole country. Competition continues to be local. We're getting a decent price and we like both the growth rates and the margin. We're also beginning to see significant improvement in the service businesses in China as we're seeing in the U.S., in Europe. So it's a marketplace, as we've said many times, it's reminiscent or the U.S. and Europe or maybe 20 or 25 years ago. So we would anticipate additional continued high growth. And we continue to be surprised by the lack of sort of the global players still not getting into China. So we're sort of on our own as a non-Chinese entity.
Tim Daley: All right, I appreciate it. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the conference back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at some upcoming investor conferences as well as our Virtual Investor Day on September 21. This concludes the conference call. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Charles River Laboratorys Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-11 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories first quarter 2023 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2023. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarters conference call. Id like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. We had a strong start to the year with organic revenue growth of 15.4% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.78 both widely exceeding the outlook that we provided in February. The year began with a continuation of the strong demand and pricing environment in our DSA segment that we experienced through the end of last year. This was expected based on the strength of the backlog, which supports more than a year of DSA revenue. Clients continue to choose to partner with Charles River for our industry-leading scientific expertise for the breadth and depth of our portfolio and for the flexible, efficient outsourcing solutions that we are able to provide to them. We are a large, stable scientific partner focused on holistically supporting our clients drug discovery, nonclinical development and manufacturing efforts, which we believe is increasingly important in the current market environment. The biopharmaceutical end market seems slightly less robust than last year, which we had anticipated and factored into our initial guidance in February. Clients appear to be more thoughtful about their spending and have prioritized their programs at the beginning of the year. This is not surprising in light of the changing macroeconomic factors that are present today and the unprecedented level of biomedical research activity that occurred over the past several years. However, we still believe that our client base remains adequately funded with one sell-side analyst recently estimating that public biotechs still have about three years of cash on hand. Although, we continue to watch the market closely, and are seeing a normalization of demand trends towards pre-pandemic levels, our clients are continuing to move thousands of their critical programs forward with us. So we believe these trends and current business development activity firmly support our financial guidance for the year. Before I provide more details on our first quarter financial results, I would like to provide a brief update on the nonhuman primate or NHP supply situation. As you know, we suspended shipments of Cambodian NHPs into the U.S. in February. We took this action so that we could develop and implement new testing procedures that would reinforce our confidence that the NHPs we import from Cambodia are purpose-bred. We have made advancements towards identifying a new testing platform and implementing the new testing procedures and are engaged with the relevant government agencies in furtherance of the needed resolution. We have also been working in parallel to accommodate our clients NHP-related study stocks by utilizing our global safety assessment site network. Our global scale is one of the key factors which we believe differentiates us from the competition. We believe that these efforts will mitigate some of the NHP supply impact on our clients programs that we expect during the second half of the year and afford us greater confidence in our 2023 financial guidance. Our wider guidance range continues to accommodate a number of scenarios related to the success of our mitigation efforts since our plans have not yet been fully implemented and NHP supply remains a fluid situation. As a reminder, biologic drugs cannot be approved for commercial use without NHPs. And it is critical that we work diligently with industry and government agencies to resolve the NHP situation and restore this important supply chain so that life-saving therapies can continue to move forward. Ill now provide highlights of our first quarter performance. Reported revenue of $1.03 billion in the first quarter of 2023, a 12.6% increase over last year, organic revenue growth of 15.4% was driven by the robust DSA performance as well as solid RMS growth. The manufacturing growth rate was impacted by a challenging year-over-year comparison as well as lower-than-anticipated Biologics Testing volume to start the year. By client segment, global biopharmaceutical companies, small and midsized biotechs and academic and government accounts all made significant contributions to the growth rate. The operating margin was 21.2%, a decrease of 20 basis points year-over-year. The decline was driven by the Manufacturing and RMS segments. Earnings per share were $2.78 in the first quarter, an increase of 1.1% from the first quarter of last year, strong low double-digit operating income growth was modestly  was mostly offset by increased interest expense and a higher tax rate compared to the prior year as well as the impact of the Avian Vaccine divestiture. Based on the strong first quarter performance and expectations for the remainder of the year, which remain largely consistent with our initial outlook, we are narrowing our organic revenue growth guidance to a range of 5% to 7.5% and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $9.90 to $10.90 for 2023. Weve increased the lower end of the ranges by 50 basis points and $0.20 per share respectively. As I mentioned, our outlook continues to reflect the anticipated financial impact of the Cambodian NHP supply constraints, which will have a greater impact on the second half results. Id like to provide you with additional details on our first quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segments results. DSA revenue in the first quarter was $662.4 million, another significant increase of 23.6% on an organic basis. The Safety Assessment business continued to be the principle driver of DSA revenue growth with significant contributions from study volume and base pricing with NHP pass-throughs also adding to the growth rate. Although revenue for Discovery Services increased in the quarter, growth rate continued to modulate, which we believe is reflective of the current market environment coupled with the shorter-term nature of both discovery projects and the businesses backlog. The DSA backlog decreased modestly on a sequential basis to $3 billion at the end of the first quarter from $3.15 billion at year end. As previously mentioned in February, this trend is reflective of the normalization of booking and proposal activity that we experienced at the end of last year and in the first quarter. Clients are not booking work as far out as they did over the past few years, and we believe this is the result of their evaluation of pipeline priorities and scheduling with a nearer-term focus. That said, we believe these trends in the current market environment, coupled with the strength of our current backlog, which still affords us 14 months of revenue coverage in our Safety Assessment business will drive the expected DSA revenue growth this year. Our client base remains stable and resilient. Our biotech clients continued to send us new programs and generated healthy double digit revenue growth in the first quarter. It was also encouraging to see that biotech funding levels increased year-over-year by more than 20% in the first quarter to approximately $15 billion. We believe this higher funding demonstrates that venture capital remains a reliable source of funding to enable biotech clients to spend on their promising molecules and the public markets had a better quarter. Moreover, large biopharmaceutical companies continue to move programs forward with vigor, with first quarter revenue growth outpacing biotechs and demonstrating the strength and balance of our client base. Through the first four months of the year, 14 new drugs were approved by the FDA, which is on pace to exceed last years total. Since we have worked on over 80% of the FDA-approved drugs over the last five years, we believe the pipeline of new drugs supports ample future growth opportunities for us. However, after three consecutive quarters with extraordinary revenue growth above the 20% level, the DSA growth rate is expected to moderate over the course of this year due to three primary factors. The normalization of the demand trends has just discussed, more challenging year-over-year comparisons as 2023 progresses and the impact of NHP supply constraints mostly in the second half of the year. We expect less of an impact from NHP supply constraints in the second quarter than originally planned because of our ability to collaborate with our clients, optimize study schedules, leverage our flexible global infrastructure, and also due to our extensive backlog coverage across multiple study types. And as I said earlier, the strong first quarter results and our progress with regard to additional mitigation efforts around the NHP supply constraints over the course of this year have also improved our confidence in our full year financial guidance. We are moving forward with plans to reconfirm NHP study starts that are already scheduled for the second half of the year. Based on communications with our clients, we are confident that we remain the preferred partner for the preclinical development activities because of our global scale, scientific differentiation, exceptional quality and the value that we bring to the research and development efforts. Even in this time of disruption in the NHP supply chain, we do not believe the competition can provide a better value proposition to clients than we can. DSA operating margin was 29% for the first quarter, a 610 basis point increase from the first quarter of 2022. The increase continued to be driven by operating leverage associated with meaningfully higher revenue in the Safety Assessment business as well as price increases. RMS revenue was $199.8 million, an increase of 6.8% on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2022. The RMS segment benefited from broad-based demand for small research models in all geographic regions, for Research Model Services and for the Cell Solutions business. The RMS growth rate was below the high single digit target for the year due primarily to RMS China. While demand for small models remained strong, the timing of NHP shipments to clients in China impacted the first quarter growth rate. Since exports from China were shut down at the beginning of the pandemic, we had been selling a relatively small number of NHPs locally to clients since we were unable to utilize these models in our global Safety Assessment operations. We expect the RMS growth rate to meaningfully improve in the second quarter as the NHPs have shipped in China, and we continue to expect RMS to deliver high single digit organic revenue growth in 2023. Outside of China revenue growth for small research models in North America and Europe remain strong, driven by healthy volume increases in North America and continued pricing gains globally. We believe demand for research models is an excellent indicator of the health and stability of early stage research activity. The demand and pricing trends this year demonstrate their clients are continuing to move their research program forward, which will drive solid RMS revenue growth. From a services perspective, revenue growth was also broad-based with the Insourcing Solutions and GEMS businesses leading the way. Insourcing Solutions or IS growth continued to be primarily driven by our CRADL operations, which offer flexible vivarium rental space at Charles River sites to both small and large biopharmaceutical clients. Having expanded significantly last year through both the acquisition of Explora BioLabs and by adding nine CRADL and Explora sites, we are now focused on ramping up utilization of the new sites as well as continuing to moderately add new sites. This will generate a runway for continued robust revenue growth and margin enhancement opportunities for CRADL. Our traditional IS model, which provides staffing and vivarium management at our client sites still resonates with clients. It has historically had a larger academic and government client base. However, commercial clients are also seeking the benefits of driving cost savings and greater operational efficiency by allowing us to manage their internal vivarium. We were pleased to add a new meaningful commercial biopharmaceutical contract in the first quarter. We also continue to expand our GEMS business in North America to accommodate increasing demand from both biopharmaceutical and academic clients as they partner with us to maintain their proprietary genetically modified model colonies. These models are playing an increasingly critical role as drug research becomes more complex with a shift to oncology, rare disease and cell and gene therapies. In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by 650 basis points to 23.4%. Most of the decline was driven by the temporary headwind related to timing of NHP shipments within China. Revenue mix was also a factor due in part to the Explora acquisition in April 2022 and the ramp-up of utilization in our CRADL and Explora operations, which were expanded last year. We expect the RMS operating margin to meaningfully improve in the second quarter as these headwinds subside. Revenue for the Manufacturing Solutions segment was $167.3 million, a decrease of 1.8% on an organic basis compared to the first quarter of last year. The decrease was driven by the CDMO and Biologics Testing businesses, partially offset by a solid performance for the Microbial Solutions business. As we mentioned in February, we expected the segments year-over-year revenue comparison would be challenging due to commercial readiness milestones in the CDMO business and COVID vaccine testing revenue in the Biologics Testing business. Both of which occurred in the first quarter of last year. We believe these factors will be largely anniversaried beginning in the second quarter. In addition to these factors, the Biologics Testing business experienced a slower start to the year. Testing volume tends to be seasonally softer in the first quarter with lower sample volume reflecting reduced client manufacturing activity over the holidays. This year, we also experienced lower-than-anticipated volumes, particularly for viral clearance and cell banking services. Because clients seem to be prioritizing their programs and more budget focused at the beginning of the year. Microbial Solutions delivered a solid first quarter performance led by the continued strength of the Accugenix microbial identification platform due to both instrument placements and demand for our testing services. Our advantage is as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid manufacturing and quality control testing continues to resonate with our clients. The cell and gene therapy CDMO business continued to make progress towards its targeted growth rate goal. As expected, the growth rate was affected by the comparison to the commercial readiness milestones paid in the first quarter of last year, but the initiatives that we have implemented to improve the performance of our CDMO business continue to gain traction and earn positive feedback from clients. We believe that the success of these actions and an increasing sales funnel will result in a marked improvement in the CDMO growth rate in the second quarter. Now we expect the CDMO business will drive a rebound in the Manufacturing segment organic growth rate over the course of the year. The Manufacturing segments first quarter operating margin was 13.7%, and a significant decline from 33.1% in the first quarter of last year. The decline was primarily related to lower operating margins in each of the segments business units, particularly CDMO and Biologics Testing. This was driven largely by the prior year headwinds and the slower start in the Biologics Testing business that I discussed as well as an asset impairment in the segment. As anticipated, end market dynamics have moderated somewhat in 2023, but its important to reiterate that our client base remains stable and resilient, particularly biotech. These companies have now become the innovation engine for the entire biopharmaceutical industry with a number of biopharma companies with active pipelines doubling over the past 10 years. We believe the early stage research that we conducted is instrumental to our biotech clients achievement of the important milestones that enable them to secure additional funding, and therefore, they will continue to partner with Charles River for our flexible and efficient platform that accelerates their therapeutic innovation. These factors, coupled with the strength and scale of our DSA backlog and the substantial visibility that it provides will enable us to better withstand any near-term fluctuation in the market. We believe the power of our unique portfolio differentiates us today more than ever. From other companies that provide R&D support services to the biopharmaceutical industry. We are continuing to further distinguish ourselves scientifically by adding capabilities in biologics and cell and gene therapies. By investing in technology partnerships to bring cutting-edge tools to our clients and by building greater digital connectivity with our clients, including through the launch of Apollo in March. Apollo will revolutionize client access to real-time study data, planning and cost estimates and other self-service tools. To conclude, Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our first quarter financial performance and 2023 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim. And good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments. Costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, gains or losses from our venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which included revenue and earnings per share well above the outlook that we provided in February. We delivered strong organic revenue growth of 15.4%, wildly outperforming our prior expectations. Higher revenue and a solid operating performance contributed to earnings per share of $2.78, a 1.1% increase over the prior year compared to the outlook we provided in February of a mid-single-digit decline. As Jim mentioned, we have narrowed our previous revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to reflect the strong first quarter performance. We now expect to deliver reported revenue growth of 2% to 4.5% and organic revenue growth of 5% to 7.5% for the full year. As well as non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $9.90 to $10.90 for the full year. Our 2023 revenue guidance ranges continue to reflect the estimated impact from the NHP supply constraints, resulting in wider guidance ranges to account for multiple outcomes with respect to our mitigation plans. We are expecting stronger revenue growth rates in the first half of 2023 due to both the comparison to last year when growth accelerated throughout the year, as well as the anticipated gating of the NHP supply impact, which will principally impact the second half. Our segment outlook for 2023 revenue growth remains largely unchanged, as noted on Slide 34. We also continue to expect that the consolidated operating margin will be flat to lower versus prior year depending on the ultimate success of our plans to mitigate the NHP supply constraints. Unallocated corporate costs were favorable in the quarter totaling 4.3% of total revenue compared to 5% of revenue in the first quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily the result of climbing of health and fringe costs, which are expected to normalize over the course of the year. Despite the favorability in the first quarter, we expect unallocated corporate costs to total approximately 5% of revenue for the full year, which is similar to 2022. The first quarter tax rate was 21.7% approximately 490 basis points higher year-over-year as anticipated. The increase was primarily due to a lower benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%, which is unchanged from our previous outlook. Total adjusted net interest expense was $33.6 million in the first quarter, essentially flat on a sequential basis. The significant year-over-year increase from $20.4 million in the first quarter of 2022, which compressed earnings growth in the quarter, primarily reflected meaningfully higher interest rates as a result of the Federal Reserves monetary policy actions since March of 2022. For the year, we continue to expect net interest expense of $133 million to $137 million. As a reminder, nearly three quarters of our $2.75 billion debt at the end of the first quarter was at a fixed rate. With regards to the remaining variable rate portion of our debt, our outlook can accommodate an additional 50 basis point increase in rates by the Federal Reserve during the remainder of 2023. At the end of the first quarter, our gross leverage ratio was 2.2 times, and our net leverage ratio was 2.1 times. Free cash flow was $2.5 million in the first quarter compared to $22.2 million last year, with higher capital expenditures driving the decrease. As a reminder, the first quarter is a seasonally softer period for free cash flow generation. Capital expenditures were $106.9 million in the first quarter compared to $80.5 million last year, due primarily to ongoing expansion projects to support continued growth across our business. Today, were initiating 2023 guidance for free cash flow and capital expenditures. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $330 million to $380 million, which is flat to a 15% increase from $330 million in 2022. CapEx is expected to be slightly below our recently stated target of 9% of revenue. At $340 million to $360 million this year. The lower capital intensity reflects our disciplined approach to capital deployment. We are investing in our business based on the growth potential of each business unit and are modifying certain projects in light of the temporary disruption from the NHP supply constraints. Normalizing the main trends will result in less capital required than we previously anticipated. A summary of our 2023 financial guidance can be found on Slide 40. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect year-over-year reported revenue growth in a high single-digit range and organic revenue growth of 10% or better. Reflecting continued strong growth trends across many of our businesses. We expect the NHP supply issue will have only a limited impact on the second quarter DSA growth rate as were able to schedule flexibly and expect to leverage the strength of our backlog to slot in other studies when necessary. Earnings per share are expected to decline at a mid-single-digit rate compared to $2.77 in the second quarter of last year. As the higher tax rate and increased interest expense will continue to restrict the year-over-year earnings growth rate. In closing, were pleased with our first quarter performance and are confident about our prospects for the second quarter as well as our ability to achieve our full year financial outlook. Even as macroeconomic and biopharmaceutical market conditions evolve, we will continue to execute our strategy of expanding our business to both meet the needs of our clients and to enhance our position as the scientific partner of choice to accelerate biomedical research and therapeutic innovation. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to just clarify. Last quarter, you highlighted the 200 to 400 basis point potential impact from NHPs this year. I may have missed it, but I didnt see an update on that commentary. It looks like Q1 probably did a little better than the Street expected, 2Q looks better than the Street expected. Im just curious if your range of potential impact has changed or if its just shifted totally out to the third and fourth quarter? Thats the first question. I have another.
Flavia Pease: Good morning Eric, its Flavia. Thank you for your question. The range is  of the 200 to 400 basis points of the supply NHP impact remains consistent with what we provided earlier in the year.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. And just maybe a bigger picture question on this topic. Has any government agency actually blocked importation or exportation or changed any policy? Or are all of your actions to this point, very much proactive and internally driven decisions to just be as safe as possible.
Jim Foster: Hi Eric, Certainly, its prudent for us not to bring NHPs at least from Cambodia into the U.S. And I would say that the U.S. government is  is fine with that strategy. So theyre certainly not supportive of us doing otherwise. So were going to cooperate and were going to run our business with multiple supply sources, doing a work in multiple sites and try to work hard to have new testing protocols that show parentage accepted and used universally, we would hope. Were quite confident in our ability to do that. A little bit difficult for us to have much impact on the cadence of how quickly that goes and then what the receptivity will be. But we feel good about the science behind that. We actually feel good about all of our supply sources. And we do the best we can to accommodate for the situation as a result of that we should have slightly better performance in the second quarter than was embedded in our guidance. But its still fluid. And I was saying the fact that I think we have good program and plan to satisfy the needs and demands of our clients. There are things that continue to be on our control, which is why we have such a  while we continue to have a guidance range that we do and well continue to give you as much information as we can and as things - if and as things change.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Ill let others jump in. Thank you very much. 
Jim Foster: Thanks, Eric. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. 
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning.
Jim Foster: Hi, Derik. 
Derik De Bruin: Hey Jim, two questions. I think the first one is, are the Cambodian NHPs currently being sold there [or elsewhere] (ph) is the  supply that was destined to the U.S. going into China or going to China. And then if you  assuming the situation does get resolved, is it going to be difficult to get those back to the U.S., i.e., are you going to have to pay a lot more money to get them there? Im just sort of curious where are the supplies going right now? And can you get them back?
Jim Foster: So we dont have any indication that the supplies are going to China. Of course, we did not get animals from all of the suppliers there, only one principal one. So we dont categorically know, but I would doubt that China has lots of NHPs themselves, which is how this whole thing started. Were doing the best we can to accommodate the demand by doing work in multiple geographies within CRL. Were as confident as we can show parentage if we  as the discussion continues, and we have clarity and sort of cooperation with the various supply sources so I dont think this is a situation of getting that supply back from some place that theyll be gone forever. I think this is a transitory situation sort of an unusual one, frankly. I just want to reiterate for the record that were cooperating in an investigation, providing information. I think were cooperating really well. Were not a target of investigation, and we dont know whether our supplier is, but we can just tell you that weve been there, we think the place is well run, pursuant to the sort of CITES oversight thats required for purpose-bred breeding. We also think that the veterinary oversight and nutritional oversight and transportation oversight and the farm that we utilize has done really well. So given our experience with farms all over the world, including farms that we had ourselves years ago and started on our own we think its a good supply. So again, just to go back to my answer to the first question, were being very responsive on a timely basis with the folks that are asking us for information but we have very little control over the pace and response and how we move forward. But I would be surprised and disappointed if Cambodia doesnt continue to be a source of supply. And as you know, really well given your scientific background, not doing a sufficient amount of large molecule work and moving these drugs through the FDA, without using NHPs. So its not optional. And since this is the largest supply source, its something that needs to be rectified in as timely a basis as possible.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thank you. Ill stick to one question. Thanks, Jim. 
Jim Foster: Sure. Thanks, Derik. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Sandy Draper with Guggenheim.
Sandy Draper: Thanks very much. I guess maybe just thinking about the quarter, obviously, strong  strong quarter total, that sort of it looks like we as well as the Street sort of mismodeled DSA was much stronger than we expected. RMS, pretty much in line, manufacturing lower. Im just curious I know you dont give quarterly guidance by segment, but was this type of result generally in line? It sounds like maybe youre a little bit surprised by DSA. Just trying to think about how these results compare and so how we should be thinking about your commentary on full year growth rate by segment, are those still appropriate or based on the first quarter results, should we be sort of rethinking stronger DSA but lighter manufacturing and RMS. Thanks. 
Jim Foster: Well both answer this. I would say we were not surprised. As we reported all of last year and probably the prior year, demand for safety assessment was unrelenting and growing and well in excess of a year, in some cases, 1.5 years. So strong demand, this NHP disruption really was not a factor. RMS has been growing really nicely for several years now. I dont know whether anybody remembers, I hope you did, but if not, weve reminded you, we knew that manufacturing would be behind the prior year because of some milestone payments that we  substantial amount payments we had in the first quarter with our CDMO business and COVID work for biologics. So quarter track pretty much as we anticipated. Were obviously pleased with that level of growth. The Safety Assessment business is a very large part of what we do. As you know, and so it has had a really meaningful impact on our results. Ill let Flavia answer the rest of the year question.
Flavia Pease: Yes. And Sandy, I think we always talked about how our business is not linear and its not linear in totality and definitely not at a segment level either. And so to Jims point, RMS, we reaffirmed our full year guidance of high single digits. We talked a little bit about some timing events in RMS in the first quarter. That will normalize in the second quarter. DSA was very, very strong in the first quarter. As Jim pointed out, continued strength following the second half of 2022, I also commented that the growth will modulate throughout the year, both given the comp as the growth accelerated in 2022 youd have a comp dynamic that will impact 2023. And we reaffirmed our guidance of low to mid-single digits for the year. And Manufacturing Solutions, as Jim pointed out, had a couple of headwinds in the first quarter with COVID vaccine volumes that are no longer existing as well as the CDMO milestones and we talked a little bit about a slower start in biologic solutions. So we expanded the guidance range a little bit to now include high single digit to low double digit for the year. The previous guidance was low double digits. So we just extended that range.
Jim Foster: Sandy, its worth reminding you and everybody else listening what the cadence was last year. Flavias point, right? So we had a safety, we had a slow first half of the year and a really strong second half of the year, I think some of our shareholders didnt think that, that was going to happen. We again, 26% growth rate, I think, in the third quarter. So were going to have these year-over-year comparisons less tough in the first half, tougher in the second half, some impact from the NHPs, but would have a cadence anyway. Linearity is impossible for us to design or even predict studies sort of start when they start and when they had. But as always, you want to listen to our guidance for full year, particularly in the safety business.
Sandy Draper: Great. Thats really helpful. Thanks so much for the comments. 
Operator: And well take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. [Indiscernible] Olivia on for Patrick. So just one more on the NHPs. It sounds like youre making progress on the test to determine parentage. I guess how long do you anticipate the rollout of that test, what you have, it will take throughout your supply and anything that we can expect there? And Ill leave it at there. Thank you. 
Jim Foster: No more NHP question. Just kidding. Its really difficult to say what the rollout is. The science is not trivial, but relatively straightforward. Its not all that complicated. We have several places that we could do it or people could do it for us or all of the above. And were quite confident from what we know that our supplier purpose reading these animals according to all of our expectations and we can demonstrate that. Its just the communications is just  as I said a couple of times earlier, is a little bit slower than we would like. We understand that, and well do the best we can. So well give you clarity when we have it. I would say, we  so weve been very responsive in terms of coming up with the program, providing that to the various authorities, theyve looked them over, and we just continue to go back and forth. And so as a parallel strategy, were using our international infrastructure and well continue to always held us in good stead in all of our businesses, but in this case, particularly in safety that we do the work in so many geographic locales, that it really helps with the current situation when things are a little more complicated in the U.S. But were confident that we can prove it and demonstrate it scientifically without a shadow of a doubt, at some point, that will be kind of standard and as I said earlier, wed really like to come up with something that works for the whole industry and maybe not necessarily just for CRL.
Flavia Pease: And if I can just add to Jims point, we made progress on scientifically identifying how the test can be done. It will take some time to operationalize, given, obviously, the supply logistics and everything. So it is as we continue to work with government authorities, it will take some time to get this off the ground.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate the color there. Thanks.
Operator: And well take our next question from Max Smock with William Blair.
Max Smock: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to drill down on a decrease in DSA backlog because I think theres been a fair level of concern around some of the perhaps lower book-to-bill as weve seen here in this part of the business. What are you seeing in terms of proposals and bookings so far here in the second quarter? Are you expecting backlog to continue to get work down here over the next couple of quarters given the tougher macro environment? And then digging ahead, where do you think you need to see backlog in this year in order to support double-digit organic growth for the DSA segment in 2024? Thank you.
Jim Foster: So well both comment on this. Proposals and bookings continue to be strong, less strong than last year, which was a very unusual year. Enjoyable but unusual. And you have a combination of factors. But I would say the principal factor is you have clients that at a certain level of waiting to start this study, it just becomes problematic for them to plan their business and to get drugs into the clinic and ultimately into the market. So were seeing a normalization kind of pre-COVID normalization of that level of demand, still healthy, still a lot of price, still everybody  not everybody but almost everybody comes to Charles River for the really complex work and our geographic footprint. So we think this is in the process of normalizing. We think the demand will  Im not going to tell you about 2024, but the demand will remain strong this year. If you didnt have the sort of private overhang, I think we would have a very strong year in the safety business, not to the level of last year. So were not concerned by that. Weve got a very big denominator in this business. Its a big business now. Were having nice growth rate, taking share, getting good price. We dont see any amelioration of that.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think if you look at our book-to-bill on a trailing 12-month basis, which is how many clinical CRs look at their book-to-bill, were still above 1x, and that formally supports our DSA revenue growth outlook for 2023. We got a question earlier around the NHP supply impact, and I commented again on the 200 to 400 basis points, you kind of do the math, you would be able to back into what would the DSA growth be, had we not had that disruption, and it would support a high single-digit, low double-digit growth in 2023. So I think that answers your question.
Max Smock: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Steve Windley [ph] with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: I do have a brother name, Steve Windley, so hi, good morning. I actually  my brother is actually Steve Windley. So Jim, Ill redirect a little bit. I know you already said no more NHP questions. Im going to try to ask a positive. Yes, in your proxy, you put a kind of a commitment to 2024 broadening out your supply chain diligence and how you work around your sourcing of these animals that are needed for research. I appreciate that. I look forward to the information in that. I guess, Im thinking in that context, certainly, if we go back to November, when the indictments were first unsealed, certainly kind of a big shock to the industry. How has that influenced your proxy calls at risk-based due diligence and risk-based supplier oversight. How has the environment changed the way you go about evaluating the situation. At SOT, there was a suggestion  I thought I understood that you were not importing Cambodian animals into any part of the business, international or the U.S., and youre saying U.S. today. So I wanted to understand that. But just kind of the risk management around the situation, how has the changing environment changed your risk management.
Jim Foster: Its a good question, Dave. Our methodology hasnt changed very much. We believe we deal with suppliers who are certainly producing purpose spread animals under strict veterinary oversight and complying with cities permitting procedures. And of course, as we talked about for the last two or three years, we have multiple sources of supply, in other words, multiple countries, in some cases, multiple providers in those countries. We own some firms. We own pieces of some firms. We have long-term supply agreements with, I would say, almost all of them. So  and we go and we audit them. We have a little disruption in that audit because of  those audits because of COVID but we go and audit them. So we are familiar with the situation. So just to use your parlance, I think we were more shocked with the indictments because thats not the nature of the work that were doing and other people that were working with and thats obviously concerning any sort of allegations like that. So well continue to get closer to our suppliers. And I mean that in every way in terms of ownership, people on the ground, constant audits, the testing that we talked about 10 minutes ago with all of them. And dealing openly and appropriately and professionally with the various oversight bodies in a variety of countries, for competitive and security and a whole bunch of other reasons, we want to not be too granular on how were dealing the situation right now, except to underscore the fact that we have multiple sources of supply, and were using the entire Charles River portfolio, which is worldwide, and I know youve been to a lot of sites and the ones who havent been to, I think you know where they all are. And we think thats always been a competitive advantage for us and being able to use those sites is really be beneficial. Then the last thing I would say, which we havent said yet, although I think its in the earlier materials is that weve had extensive conversations with the clients who have been terrific. And we said, okay, heres a situation we dont know exactly how many animals will be able to bring in. So you need to prioritize studies that you do in terms of what you need to start and when, and theyre doing that. And you also have to be flexible about where you do it. So as you know, some of our clients, less all the time and some of our clients like I only want to do the work wherever because Ive always done to say I did a post stock with the guy or gal that runs the site. So theyve been terrific. Id say our client base has really been very collaborative, working hard with us being open to gain the work done. They just want the work to start in the most timely fashion. So I would say, were doing a very good job so far disrupting as few clients as possible. We had a strong Q1. We will have a better Q2 with regard to the NHPs than we originally thought the back half of the year will be more challenging because of the comps. And we  its a fluid situation. We hope its a positively fluid situation. So well  when theres something granular that we think is permanent and beneficial for you all to know, we will tell you, but its too changeable. And we dont want to be providing very detailed information that may not be sustainable, but were very pleased with the way were handling it in the way our clients are accepting the current situation.
Dave Windley: Appreciate that. If I could  that was a long question and answer, if I could attempt to clarify one thing in the prepared remarks. So you talk about these NHPs and use the term pass-through. The pricing on the NHPs has gone up a lot. I just want to make sure I understand because DSA margin was very, very good, maybe the best of all time and that rising price on NHPs if it is only passed through would be a pretty significant headwind to your margin. And so I was hoping maybe Flavia, if you could clarify that for us. Are the NHPs contributing to margin? Or are they a detriment to margin? Thanks.
Flavia Pease: Thanks, Dave. So a couple of things. Yes, the DSA margin was very robust in the first quarter. And a primary source of that continues to be underlying strong demand, specialty volume and also price outside of NHP. So were very pleased with that. The NHP impact on margin, specifically as youre saying, at a macro level, as you pointed out, its a pass-through, so it should be neither accretive or dilutive to the percentage margin. The timing on when we start NHP studies can have an impact on the mix that they have  that they contribute towards to the margin. So depending on that and how we ended up the year and how many new NHP studies were starting on in each quarter can have a modest impact on the margin. But what I would focus all of you on is the strength of the margin in the first quarter in DSA is primarily behind volume and underlying price.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the extra question.
Operator: And well take our next question from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan.
Casey Woodring: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So as a follow-up to the DSA backlog question from earlier, by our math, it looks like bookings were down over 40% on the year in the quarter. So was that step down in line with your booking normalization expectations in DSA? And then just on manufacturing quickly, appreciate the commentary around the tough comes from last year, but curious as to the rationale for widening that growth range for the year. Wondering if theres any cushion baked in for a more volatile cell and gene therapy demand environment just given some of your peer commentary in the CDMO space from earlier this week? Thanks.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So I think we talked about the normalization of the demand trends to more pre-pandemic levels. We had printed out throughout all of last year that the backlog had an extended meaningfully in terms of the length of it with people working really ahead as we had never seen before. And that has definitely normalized. I think our clients are focusing on study starts that are sooner rather than a lot into the future. And as they do that, they also look at studies that were booked before and whether theyre ready to initiate them or not. So as we said, we see the demand normalization from extraordinary levels in 2022. And then just on the Manufacturing Solutions, I think we had commented and expected a lighter first quarter vis--vis the overall guidance for the year that originally was low double digit. We not only saw the first quarter impact of the tough comps with the CDMO milestones and the COVID volume in biologics, but we also talked about a slightly slower start of the year for testing. And there might be some comments around the industry on bioprocessing. So we widened our guidance range a little bit on manufacturing to accommodate for that.
Todd Spencer: I think were ready for the next question.
Operator: And well take our next question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning. And Jim, since youve told us not to ask about NHPs, that is exactly what I will do. Just one clarification actually to that first question from Eric. Flavia, you mentioned sort of the 200 bps to 400 bps range being the same, but at the same time, you also talked about how some of your ongoing efforts should mitigate some of the impact here. So is it fair to assume that at the midpoint, things have moved a little bit towards the lower end of that 200 bps to 400 bps range? And then Jim one for you in terms of just dealing with the competition here, more tactical rather than structural long-term, because I know youre very competitive here. But given some of these Chinese CROs and NHPs being an abundance supply there, also some of your U.S. competitors perhaps acquiring NHPs from some local suppliers, which you may or may not have wanted to deal with. How do you think about the near-term sort of tactical competitive landscape in the market at the moment?
Flavia Pease: So maybe Ill just take the first question. We had provided a wider guidance range obviously this year given the NHP supply situation. And to your point, it included 200 basis points to 400 basis points of impact. As Jim commented, the second quarter is certainly a little bit better than we had planned given the collaboration with our clients to work and schedule flexibly. So we continue to include the 200 basis points to 400 basis points in our guidance range, given also what Jim talked about, which is, it continues to be a fluid situation. Were working very hard to be at the lower end of that range, but its still early in the year. So Ill leave it at that. Jim, do you want to
Jim Foster: So on the NHP competitive scenario, Id say a couple of things. One is, theres obviously a significant number of NHPs in China to be utilized by Chinese CROs to both support their current industry  I mean, their internal China industry and perhaps some U.S. and European companies. The scale of the industry there is still relatively small. Obviously thats subject to change over a period of time. Some clients may  some Western clients may have gone there. Its difficult for us to tell, but not too many. And I think theres a reluctance for a whole bunch of obvious reasons to be taking your new drug  newly patented drugs and doing the work in China. But having said that, I think theyll get the work done wherever they can. With regard to our domestic competitors, Id remind you that number one, theyre smaller  way smaller. Number two, I think they have very limited supply sources. Number three, I think theyre also not bringing animals in from Cambodia. Number four, they may be using suppliers that we might not use. So, were constantly trying to take the high road in terms of quality, consistency and volume of supply and we think were in a very strong competitive position.
Tejas Savant: Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: And well take our next question from John Sourbeer with UBS.
John Sourbeer: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. I guess just looking into the CDMO, could you just talk about some of the backlog building there? I know theres been some announcements over the last several months and just the maturity of some of these programs and you still see the potential for commercial products this year or into next year. And then just one follow-up too, on unrelated subject. Theres been some press reports on bans of harvesting of horseshoe crabs. Just any comment there on or what the size of that business is for Charles River? Thanks.
Jim Foster: So on the CDMO business has three parts. We have a cell therapy manufacturing business, which is our largest business in Memphis is doing quite well, certainly compared to the prior year. I was just down there, fabulous new facilities, new management team, new sales organization significant number of new clients, both large and small. We are producing our first commercial product, I cant divulge it, but we are. And we have other clients that are moving in that direction. By that I mean, either filing with various government agencies in the U.S. and Europe and/or telling us to get ready for audits by either the FDA or the EMA. So moving in the commercial direction, we have new production suites, which are available. Some of those have been reserved by clients that are either commercial now or think they will be soon, because obviously they dont want to have a product approved and not get this. So were pleased with the way its progressing. We also have a viral vector business in Rockville, Maryland that it also has been enhanced facilities and management team and sales organization, which is strengthening nicely. And we have a plasma DNA business in the UK, which again, has been somewhat transformed. We have centers of excellence in both of those sites now where they used to do multiple things. So CDMO business will have nice growth rate this year, notwithstanding the predetermined and expected difficult comps for Q1 that business will continue to strengthen through each quarter both on the top line and the bottom line from a comparative basis. The horseshoe crab thing, thats the reagent that we use for our endotoxin test. Ill remind you that that test is used for medical devices and injectable drugs required by law as a law release test. Ill also remind you that that was our first major foray into in vitro systems. Thats actually considered in vitro system, even though uses the blood of horseshoe crabs. Those crabs are harvested in variety of places. We have a little bit of pressure in one of our locations in South Carolina thats lawsuits related to that. I wont get into all the details, but the punchline is we have some restrictions in fishing those waters, but we also have new locations to harvest crabs in other parts of the U.S., which should hold us in good stead. Were also building the inventories nicely. And I guess the last thing I would say is that our technology as opposed to the conventional technology, which is 96% well place and we still sell lots of that. But our forward-looking technology is a more sophisticated device which uses 95% less crude. So, our need for crude, which is the blood from the horseshoe crabs is actually as we transfer the clients, the new technology is actually decreasing all the time. So were in good shape there.
John Sourbeer: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: And well take our next question from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just sticking with the CDMO and the improvements there. Sequentially, I think in the deck or the prepared remarks too, you talked about returning to those targeted growth rates. Can you just remind us what those are? And then maybe qualitatively is, for 2023 are you thinking that that business is sort of above or below the segment growth rates for the year?
Jim Foster: Well, were expecting that those businesses in the aggregate, again, with Memphis being by far of the largest piece will grow at 20% to 25%, which is what we had anticipated when we bought them. So thats a great growth rate, obviously accretive to the growth rate of the manufacturing segments and at a certain scale, obviously somewhat accretive to the growth rate company as a whole. But as it grows, it will be increasingly more accretive. So lots of demand, limited competitive scenario, I mean, some clients are doing it themselves, but Im talking about on a contract basis. We have good competitors, but not a lot of them. Lots of drugs in development that were working on the preclinical sector. And then obviously, lots of those moving into the clinical domain. Only a few have been approved still think its 13 to 14 totally. Were now making one of those gene-modified cell therapy products. So, were very pleased and proud of that. Early days from a volume point of view, so its not transformational necessarily from that point of view. But I think reputationally, with regard to other potential current clients being comfortable with our capability and also the regulatory agencies having [indiscernible] and being pleased with what they saw holds us in good stead. So, were happy with our infrastructure, with the growing client base with our scientific capabilities with our ability to sell more effectively. Its a pretty long sales cycle. So, were out and about well in advance it is a fair amount of price power in this business, because its complicated and expensive to set it up. And while you may have some very big companies set their own shop up small and medium-sized biotech is not going to be able to afford it. So like in safety, well, like in all of our businesses, weve got to need to be paid well for recurrent and future investment in this space. But were pleased with the way its gone. We learned a lot last year. We made a lot of fundamental changes in the physical plant and in the scientific and G&A staff and just getting the word out that this is something that we do as we go to more scientific meetings and present more paper. So we should hit the growth rates that we originally anticipated in our acquisition model.
Justin Bowers: Great. And congrats on the commercial production there in Memphis. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on RMS and NHPs in China. Is that  are the  is the messaging there? Was there a blip in 1Q and then its back to normal in 2Q? Or has something changed in the way that youre sort of going to market there with RMS and NHPs in China?
Jim Foster: We have supply sources in China that have to stay in China. So, we sell the animals to clients in China. Usually, we can predict the timeframe. So this just slipped out a little bit. So nothing fundamentally changed. Its a huge part of the business, but its meaningful certainly to our Chinese business and slightly less meaningful, but still meaningful to our RMS. Margins are good. Animal quality is good. And so yes, that will continue to be part of our situation over there. But nothing has fundamentally changed, just slid out a little bit.
Flavia Pease: Yes. Its purely timing. I would characterize.
Justin Bowers: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: And well take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys, thanks so much for the question. You could comment on sort of backlog cancellations in the first quarter. Is that something that youre sort of seeing as broadly steady sequentially? Are you seeing any sort of changes in the characterization of that at all? Thanks.
Flavia Pease: Yes. So Elizabeth, weve been talking about cancellations and slippage throughout last year as we also continue to talk about the size of the backlog, which had expanded to significantly higher than historical levels. And we talked about the elongation of that backlog, which, as one might expect would drive additional cancellations or slippage. So first, cancellations and slippage of a normal part of the business as clients do not have the test articles ready or continue to negotiate design study with the appropriate regulatory agencies that normally happens in the business. As the backlog elongated in time, that certainly becomes more pronounced as its harder to predict things that much into the future. So, we had seen that elongate throughout 2022. I think were getting back to I would say, maybe more normalized pre-pandemic levels. And so I think those things will work well adjust together. The backlog is not going to be perhaps as well long and the cancellation and slippage will lower accordingly.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thats super helpful. And then just one follow-up, like, obviously, the margin in manufacturing this quarter [ph] was impacted a bit by the lower revenue growth, I would imagine in the quarter. But the OpEx growth in general seemed a little bit higher than your usual kind of run rate on that. Can you just talk to maybe like the cadence of that in the back half of the year and sort of how much was sort of specifically a function of maybe some of the deleveraging and manufacturing support versus how youre seeing any kind of cadence changes in the spend over the rest of the year? Thank you.
Flavia Pease: So let me comment first on the Manufacturing Solutions margin in the quarter. So as Jim talked about, we had some of those prior year headwinds with the milestones in CDMO and the biologics COVID volume that we no longer have. We also had a lighter start in Biologics Testing this year. And then I think we also talked about we had an asset impairment in that segment in Q1. So all those things contributed to a, Id say, unusually low Manufacturing Solutions margin in Q1. I think for the overall margin for the company, we were about 20 basis points lower year-over-year. And we continue provided an update on the guidance for the full year of flat to lower versus 2022, given the continued fluidity of the NHP situation that we talked about earlier.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Tim Daley with Wells Fargo.
Tim Daley: Great. So Jim, just moving away from all these near-term factors here. I wanted to clarify some comments made at a broker conference in March around the RMS segment long-term growth rate. So over the past two years, you guys have formally up indexed long-term growth forecast in RMS from low-single, mid-single to mid-single, high-single and DSA from high-single to 10%. So where we sit today, are those still the official goalposts or any further updates here on that framework on the segment level?
Jim Foster: I mean, certainly, for this year, we feel good about RMS growing at high single the constituent parts of that business continue to strengthen. Were actually gaining share in the U.S. and Europe, which we havent seen in a lot of time. We always get price in that business. Chinese business is growing nicely both in the small animal side and NHP business. Service businesses, which have great margins are growing very nicely. Obviously, we did an acquisition last year, which is Explora labs with all of these new CRADLs and very important geographies really great receptivity in a tough economy for these sites. And surprisingly, nicely surprisingly, clients are both very large and very small. And we felt they would be only smart clients. And the cell supply business, which was in the prepared remarks, but we havent talked about that much albeit a small business really had probably the only business in the portfolio really had a tough time as a result of COVID and had a very nice first quarter. So Id say, without getting into 2024, obviously, that the outlook for that business continues to be stronger. [Indiscernible] extremely well utilized competition. Well, we always respect scanning whenever Im about to say, I would say, is continues to be financially less strong and more fragile. And more silos. So I think its difficult for them to compete with us. So were feeling really good about that. On the DSA side with some moderation from an extremely strong 2022 and assuming vantage fee situation gets resolved permanently as we hope it does. And we think thats going to be a DSA should be a strong business for us. Our current guidance given the vagaries is what is a low to mid-single digit, but the current long-term guidance out there is what low double, I think. So well give updates on all of those growth rates sometime when we have our  sometimes when we have our investor conference. So things are a little bit fluid, as I said, on the NHP side, but well give guidance, assuming that, thats clarified or hopefully it will be clarified by the time we have our investor comments. But I think we have pretty much across the board, very good demand for what we do. I think were providing an extraordinarily valuable service and products with various out of a position and great connectivity across the various parts of our business that should only be enhanced given the current portfolio and hopefully, as we continue to add to with very small and perhaps the midsized deals.
Tim Daley: Great. And then a quick one for Flavia. Whats the overall China exposure as a percent of revenues, an update on that? And then are any big businesses or segments over under indexed to China? And thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Flavia Pease: Yes. I think the only business really that we have a China presence is RMS with obviously our models business there, but also the services business. And so as you can imagine, because  and then we also have microbial, which is part of the Manufacturing Solutions business, be distributed and available in China. So our largest business  excuse me, lot of [ph] segment, which is DSA, has no presence in China. So as a result of that, China is a fairly modest portion of overall Charles River sales.
Jim Foster: I think its still less than 5% of total revenue, probably 3% or 4%. I mean  I think last time we updated, its like 10% or 15% of revenue.
Tim Daley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conference in June. That concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude to todays Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings and 2023 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as our financial guidance for 2023. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can be also accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through the next quarters conference call. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of the core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Before I speak about our strong fourth quarter results, I want to provide an update on the non-human primate or NHP supply situation. As many of you are aware, there has been an ongoing industry-wide investigation into NHP imports from Cambodia. On February 17, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice related to an investigation into the Cambodian NHP supply chain. We have been informed this investigation related specifically to shipments of NHPs received by Charles River from our Cambodian supplier. We intend to fully cooperate with the U.S. government. Once the Department of Justice concludes its investigation, we believe it will find that any concerns with respect to Charles River are without merit. As we have stated before, we are committed to ensuring our operations are fully compliant with all U.S. and international laws and regulations. And we maintain risk-based supplier due diligence, audit and management practices to help ensure the quality of our supplier relationships and compliance of applicable laws, including the status of the NHPs we import. Based on ongoing investigations and a heightened focus on the Cambodia NHP supply chain, in recent months, we have voluntarily suspended planned future shipments of Cambodian NHPs until such time that we and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service can develop and implement new procedures to reinforce confidence that the NHPs we import from Cambodia are purpose-bred. This will take time to implement and the duration of which is unknown. The investigation in current NHP supply situation will result in study delays in our Safety Assessment business. By way of background, NHPs are the most scientifically relevant large model for the regulatory required safety testing of biologics drugs as mandated by the FDA and other international regulatory agencies. Biologic drugs cannot be approved for commercial use without NHPs. And given the proliferation of biologic drug development activity in recent years, NHPs have been in high demand. As an example, all of the COVID-19 vaccines developed in the United States and Europe utilized NHPs. In recent years, NHPs sourced from Cambodia have been responsible for approximately 60% of the NHPs supplied to the United States and to Charles River for drug research and development. While there is no other near-term global source to replace the supply, we are continuing to actively work to diversify our NHP supply chain. Its critical that we work diligently to resolve the NHP supply situation and collaborate with all agencies of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, to restore this important supply chain because the U.S. pharmaceutical industry and the patients who need new life saving treatments are counting on us. The current Cambodian NHP supply constraints and the corresponding impact to our Safety Assessment business are expected to reduce our consolidated revenue growth forecast by approximately 200 basis points to 400 basis points this year, resulting in organic revenue growth guidance of 4.5% to 7.5% for the total company. The non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $9.70 to $10.90 in 2023 with the wider ranges encompassing a number of scenarios related to the timing of the resumption of Cambodian NHP imports this year. The top end of our guidance ranges anticipate that we will have Cambodian NHPs available for studies in the fourth quarter, whereas the bottom end of our guidance assumes that we will have no Cambodian NHP imports for the remainder of 2023. In either case, we expect to begin to experience a more meaningful impact from NHP supply constraints in the second quarter. In addition to NHP supply, several non-operating items are significantly affecting the year-over-year earnings per share comparison in 2023, including higher interest expense, a higher tax rate and the divestiture of our Avian Vaccine business, which was completed in December. These items will generate a combined earnings per share headwind of $1.20 to $1.40 in 2023, partially offset by up to a $0.25 benefit from foreign exchange. Flavia will discuss these items in more detail shortly. Now Ill speak with you about an outstanding finish to another strong year for Charles River. We reported robust operating performance in 2022, highlighted by 13.4% organic revenue growth against the backdrop of escalating macroeconomic pressures. 2022 performance demonstrates the continued execution of our strategy, which enables us to enhance our position as the scientific partner of choice to accelerate biomedical research and therapeutic innovation. Let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance. We reported record quarterly revenue of $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022, exceeding the $1 billion mark for the first time and representing an increase of 21.5% on an organic  on a reported basis. Organic revenue growth of 18.8% was driven by increases from all three business segments with the most significant contribution from the DSA segment due to another robust performance in the Safety Assessment business. In the second half, DSA organic growth rate rose to 23.6% as we exceeded the second half growth acceleration that we had forecast since the beginning of last year. For 2022, revenue was $3.98 billion with a reported growth rate of 12.3% and an organic growth rate of 13.4%. The revenue growth rate exceeded the top end of our guidance range by 140 basis points driven primarily by outperformance in both the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. The operating margin was 20.4% in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 50 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by the Manufacturing and RMS segments. For the full year, the operating margin was unchanged at 21%. We are pleased to have held the operating margin steady in a year with substantial cost inflation and the CDMO business generated significant margin pressure. Earnings per share were $2.98 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 19.7% from $2.49 in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the full year, earnings per share were $11.12, a 7.8% increase over the prior year. We exceeded our last guidance range of $10.80 to $10.95 due primarily to the robust fourth quarter revenue growth, particularly in the DSA segment. We believe our 2022 performance thoroughly demonstrated the successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the non-clinical drug development partner of choice for our valued clients as well as the sustained pace of demand from these clients despite macroeconomic headwinds. Our exceptional market position, unique early-stage focus and our large diversified client base give us confidence that many of the underlying business trends will remain intact in 2023. Id like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance and our expectations for 2023 beginning with the DSA segments results. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $691.7 million or a substantial 26.5% increase on an organic basis. The Safety Assessment business continued to be the principal driver of DSA revenue growth with significant contributions from study volume, pricing and NHP pass-throughs in order of magnitude. As we have often mentioned, our business is not linear. In this case, the record fourth quarter DSA revenue growth was driven by a combination of the current robust demand and pricing environment as well as the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2021 when the business experienced some resource constraints, including staffing. The Discovery Business Services growth rate also improved in the quarter. For the full year, DSA organic revenue growth was also a record 17.5%, exceeding our midterm outlook. As of year-end, the DSA backlog has increased 32% year-over-year to $3.15 billion. The backlog remained robust in 2022 and continues to support a long growth runway and also normalized during the year as expected because the backlog duration stabilized after substantially elongating in prior years. We are continuing to see broad-based and sustained client demand across our Safety Assessment business as we have the staffing and capacity to accommodate this client demand. The current NHP supply situation may restrict the revenue growth rate and margin expansion in 2023, but the underlying strength and resilience of demand environment and pricing should afford us with healthy DSO growth opportunities once the NHP supply situation is resolved and we have an adequate supply of these large models. The Discovery Services business had a good quarter with improvement in the revenue growth rate from the third quarter level. Many of our clients who previously lengthened the timeframes to start new projects move forward with their programs in the fourth quarter. Discovery booking and proposal activity also support a healthy growth profile as we begin 2023. In order to strengthen our position as a single-source partner to support our clients early-stage research needs, we continue to expand our discovery capabilities through our technology partnership strategy and through M&A. We achieved both with SAMDI Tech, which we acquired in January. We established an initial partnership with SAMDI Tech in 2018, and we were able to validate their proprietary mass spectrometry technology for label-free, high-throughput screening with our clients. During the partnership, we determined that SAMDI Tech cutting-edge technology was increasingly favored by clients to accelerate their timeline and reduce the costs required to identify a lead drug candidate and make critical go/no-go decisions earlier. As a result of the successful partnership, we mutually agreed to have SAMDI Tech join Charles River. Partnerships and acquisitions like this advance our ongoing efforts to build our scientific expertise for the discovery of novel therapeutics and strengthen our discovery toolkit by adding cutting-edge capabilities to enable clients to work with us for a single project or on an integrated program in a flexible manner tailored to their specific outsourcing needs. The DSA operating margin was 26.3% in the fourth quarter, a 320 basis point increase from the fourth quarter of 2021. For the year, the DSA operating margin increased by 160 basis points to 25.3%. Both increases were driven primarily by operating leverage associated with the meaningfully higher revenue in the Safety Assessment business. RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $196.1 million, an increase of 10.8% on an organic basis. For the year, RMS organic revenue growth was 9%, squarely in line with our outlook of high single-digit growth in 2022. Accelerating growth for Research Model Services, particularly our CRADL initiative and research models in North America and China, drove the exceptional RMS revenue growth rates for the fourth quarter and full year. We also continue to benefit from meaningful price increases, which were implemented in part to offset inflationary cost pressures. We expect similar trends will drive high single-digit organic growth again in 2023. In the Research Model business, North America continued to generate strong revenue growth. And China, although reporting a double-digit increase, experienced a modest impact from an increase in COVID cases during the fourth quarter. The expansion of the central, southern and western regions of China are progressing well, and each new set is operational with two sites already shipping research models. This will enable us to continue to generate robust double-digit growth in China and gain additional market share. Research Model Services also continued to perform well with broad-based growth across Insourcing Solutions and GEMS in the fourth quarter and for the year. Growth was primarily driven by Insourcing Solutions CRADL operations or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs, including last years Explora acquisition. Clients are increasingly adopting this flexible model to access vivarium space without having to invest in internal infrastructure. Explora continued to perform very well, and the combined CRADL footprint now encompasses 28 vivarium facilities totaling over 380,000 square feet of turnkey rental capacity. CRADL and Explora provide us with a new and unique pathway to connect with clients in earlier stages, enabling these clients to invest in a research and not in infrastructure, preferring to leverage Charles Rivers broader capabilities to continue to advance their research. The RMS operating margin declined by 420 basis points year-over-year to 22.7% in the fourth quarter and by 210 basis points to 25.2% in 2022. The declines were primarily attributable to the 53rd week, which has a greater impact on the RMS segment, headwinds from expansions of our CRADL and Explora operations and new RMS sites in China and also a modest COVID impact in China. We anticipate that each of these factors will either be eliminated or generate less of an impact in 2023, resulting in improvement in the RMS operating margin. Manufacturing Solutions revenue was $212.1 million in the fourth quarter, a growth rate of 5.3% on an organic basis. And the full year organic growth rate was also 5.3%, in line with our mid-single-digit outlook for 2022. The segment growth rate in 2022 was compressed by lower revenue in the CDMO business. The initiatives that we have implemented to improve the performance of our CDMO business continue to gain traction and earn positive feedback from clients. Our creation of centers of excellence for cell therapies, viral vectors and plasmids has been well received. And coupled with our focus on CDMO business development efforts and investing in the commercial readiness of our operations, we are generating new client interest. We have won over $100 million of new CDMO projects over the past 12 months and more than two thirds of which are for our world-class cell therapy operations in Memphis. We believe that a stronger sales funnel has helped in a gradual improvement in the CDMO performance during 2023 as the business returns to its targeted growth rates. We expect the CDMO business will drive a rebound in the Manufacturing segment organic growth rate to the low double digits in 2023. The Biologics Testing Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses both performed very well in the fourth quarter, benefiting from robust client demand as the growth prospects for these legacy manufacturing quality control businesses remain strong. These businesses in the Manufacturing segment in total will continue to be principally driven by demand for biologic drugs, including cell and gene therapies and other complex biologics. Microbial Solutions had a strong quarter and full year, benefiting from broad-based growth across its Endosafe Endotoxin testing and Accugenix microbial identification testing platforms. We are continuing to convert the marketplace to our more efficient and reliable quality control testing platform. The continued expansion of the installed base of instruments drives demand for the consumable cartridges and reagents, which provides a healthy recurring revenue stream. We believe Microbial Solutions long-term growth potential continues to be approximately 10%, including in 2023. The Biologics Testing business reported an excellent fourth quarter and full year. Robust demand for cell and gene therapy testing services continue to be the primary growth factor as well as traditional biologics. And the business had an excellent year despite the moderation of COVID vaccine testing revenue during 2022. We have been successful in maintaining  and we have been successfully gaining business because of our extensive portfolio of services to support the safe manufacture of biologics. We believe cell and gene therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers over the longer term. The Manufacturing segments operating growth declined meaningfully in both the fourth quarter and full year to 25.3% and 28.8%, respectively. As has been the case all year, the decline was driven almost entirely by the underperformance of the CDMO business. Based on our expectations for the CDMO business, we believe the manufacturing operating margin will improve meaningfully in 2023 to above the 30% level. As you know, there is inherent operating leverage in our businesses. So as project volumes improve in the CDMO business, we expect the margin profile will follow. In 2022, we celebrated our Charles Rivers 75th anniversary. Were delighted to have evolved from a small revolutionary research model company overlooking the Charles River to a leading global drug discovery and development partner, generating nearly $4 billion in annual revenue and helping to lead the biopharmaceutical industrys essential nonclinical drug development efforts. As we look to 2023, we continue to see a resilient funding environment to continued renaissance in the golden age of scientific innovation, our clients increasing use of strategic outsourcing and their need for enhanced efficiency and speed to market. Our core competencies, including our extensive scientific knowledge and our focus on preclinical R&D, are precisely tailored to these trends and make us an even more indispensable partner to advance our clients life-saving therapies. I assure you that we will continue to proactively manage the NHP supply and reinforce our firm commitment to conducting ethical regulatory compliant business practices and to the humane treatment of the research model under our care. To conclude, Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their support. Now Id like Flavia to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2023 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, gains or losses from our venture capital and other strategic investments, a gain on the sale of the Avian Vaccine business and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2022. My discussion this morning will focus primarily on our financial guidance for 2023. Were very pleased with our fourth quarter results, which included revenue and earnings per share that outperformed our previous guidance, including quarterly revenue exceeding the $1 billion level for the first time. Our 2023 guidance ranges reflect multiple scenarios with regards to the estimated impact from the NHP supply constraint, as Jim outlined, the impact of which is expected to result in reported revenue growth of 1.5% to 4.5% and organic revenue growth of 4.5% to 7.5% in 2023. Notwithstanding the NHP supply situation, our outlook reflects sustained underlying trends in most of our businesses and a resilient funding environment. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $9.70 and $10.90, reflecting meaningful headwinds associated with both NHP supply and non-operating items. I will not provide too many more comments on the NHP supply impact since Jim covered it. So, Ill focus my comments on the other headwinds, which include the impact of the Avian Vaccine divestiture, a higher tax rate and increased interest expense. In combination, these non-operating headwinds will reduce earnings per share by approximately $1.20 to $1.40 for the year, partially offset by an FX benefit to earnings per share of up to $0.25 in 2023. These items will reduce earnings per share growth by nearly 10% at midpoint. Id like to provide some additional details on the three non-operating items that we expect will generate headwinds for our financial performance in 2023. First, we completed the Avian Vaccine divestiture in December as expected. The transaction will reduce 2023 revenue by approximately $80 million and non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately $0.25 net of the interest expense benefit since we used the proceeds to repay debt. Second, the non-GAAP tax rate is expected to move to the top of our long-term low 20% range to 22.5% to 23.5% in 2023, representing a nearly 400 basis point increase at midpoint compared to the 2022 tax rate of 19.2%. The increase will be primarily driven by a year-over-year reduction in the excess tax benefit related to stock compensation as a lower stock price will generate less of a benefit in 2023 compared to the prior year as well as discrete tax benefits in 2022 that are not expected to reoccur this year. The higher tax rate is expected to reduce 2023 earnings per share by $0.50 to $0.65 and the earnings growth rate by over 500 basis points at midpoint. Finally, total adjusted net interest expense in 2023 is expected to increase to a range of $133 million to $137 million compared to $105 million last year. We expect year-over-year increase will be driven by higher variable interest rates primarily as a result of the Federal Reserves actions, partially offset by repayment of debt.  We anticipate the higher interest expense will create an earnings per share headwind of $0.45 to $0.50 and reduce the earnings growth rate by at least 400 basis points. As we mentioned last quarter, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement effectively locking in a fixed rate for two years on $500 million of our revolving credit facility. At year-end, approximately three-quarters of our $2.7 billion debt was at a fixed rate. We believe the Federal Reserve will increase rates in the near term, and our outlook accommodates an additional 100 basis point increase in rates in 2023 beyond the recently announced February increase.  At the end of the fourth quarter, our gross and net leverage ratios were approximately 2.2 times and 2.1 times, respectively. This is a meaningful decline from the third quarter due in part to a cash gain on the Avian divestiture. We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and as always, intend to deploy capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Our outlook assumes an average diluted share count of approximately 51.5 million to 52 million shares outstanding in 2023.  From a segment perspective, our 2023 revenue growth outlook reflects sustained client demand trends, offset by the NHP supply impact in the DSA segment. Similar to the prior year, the RMS segment is expected to achieve high single-digit organic revenue growth, the result of continued robust demand for research models and associated services. As a reminder, the Cambodian NHP supply situation does not have an impact on our RMS segment as these large models are sourced and used to support our Safety Assessment operation.  For the DSA segment, we expect the organic growth rate will be between low to mid-single digits based on our NHP supply assumptions around the timing of the resumption of imports. The Manufacturing segment is expected to generate low double-digit organic revenue growth with the increase from the 2022 growth rate principally driven by the expected rebound in the CDMO performance during the year.  While foreign exchange was a 350-basis point headwind in 2022, the weakening of the U.S. dollar since November is expected to result in a slight FX benefit of up to 50 basis points to revenue growth in 2023, assuming near current foreign exchange rates. This will drop down to a more meaningful contribution to the bottom line and is projected to generate up to a $0.25 earnings per share benefit due largely to movements in the Canadian dollar.  You may recall, in Canada, we invoiced most of our revenue in U.S. dollars, but essentially all of our costs are in current Canadian dollars. We have provided information on our 2022 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rates that we are assuming for 2023 in our slide presentation. For the operating margin, we would have expected to generate moderate margin improvement in 2023 without an NHP supply impact. But given this meaningful headwind, we expect the 2023 operating margin to be flat to down 150 basis points depending on the timing of the resumption of Cambodia NHP shipment.  Longer term, we still believe there is operating margin improvement that is inherent in our business from a combination of leverage from higher volume, pricing and continuing to drive efficiency. We will not provide free cash flow or capital expenditure outlooks at this time because these metrics could vary based on the level of NHP supply impact that is incurred. For 2022, free cash flow totaled $330.3 million compared to $532 million for the prior year. The decrease was due to higher CapEx as we added capacity to accommodate the robust demand as well as unfavorable working capital movements, the timing of which contributed to our free cash flow being below our prior outlook.  Capital expenditures for 2022 increased by $96 million to $324.7 million with most of the increase driven by the continued capacity needs of the Safety Assessment business. Given the current NHP supply situation, we will reassess our capital needs for this year. Longer term, the targeted level for CapEx remains at approximately 9% of revenue as we expect to continue to invest in capacity in order to keep pace with a sustained underlying demand environment and support our long-term growth forecast.  The next slide shows a summary of our 2023 financial guidance. Looking at the first quarter of 2023, we expect that year-over-year revenue growth will be in the high single-digit range on a reported basis and at or above the 10% level on an organic basis. Were expecting stronger revenue growth in the first half of 2023, both due to the comparisons to last year when growth accelerated throughout the year as well as the gating of the NHP supply impact. We expect only a small impact related to NHP supply in the first quarter because these large models are already in place to start the scheduled study.  We expect earnings per share will decline at a mid-single-digit rate in the first quarter compared to $2.75 in the first quarter of last year. In addition to the impact of the Avian divestiture, the non-operating headwinds will have a greater impact to earnings per share in the first quarter. Specifically, the higher tax rate and increased interest expense. As previously mentioned, the tax benefit from stock compensation is expected to be lower in 2023 with the greatest impact in the first quarter. We also will now have anniversary last years Federal Reserve more aggressive interest rate increases in the first quarter. These two items are expected to result in a combined earnings headwind of approximately $0.40 per share.  In addition, the Manufacturing segment faces a difficult comparison versus the first quarter of last year with regards to commercial readiness milestones in the CDMO business and COVID testing revenue in the Biologics Testing business. This will result in a lower growth rate for the Manufacturing segment in the first quarter. Each of these headwinds will improve throughout the year, beginning in the second quarter.  In conclusion, were very pleased with our 2022 financial performance, and well proactively manage the challenges in 2023. Were confident in our ability to generate value for our shareholders by consistently growing revenue, earnings and cash flow. Over the last five years, we have achieved compound annual growth of 16% for revenue and 17% for earnings per share, generating robust operating and free cash flow while continuing to make necessary investments to support the growth of our business. Were focused on continuing to drive growth, executing our strategy and enhancing our position as the leading global nonclinical drug development partner, working with our clients from discovery and preclinical development through the safe manufacture of their life-saving therapies. Thank you.  Todd Spencer That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, Im just curious, what are your customers doing that  in the biotech space and elsewhere to  in terms of their studies? I mean, is  are other vendors having similar delays on some issues? Basically, are you at risk of losing business because other vendors have better access to some of the model systems?
Jim Foster: Tough to comment on the competition, Derik. I guess my overarching comment would be, number one, we are a much wider scale. Number two, we have different supply sources and different capabilities. But I would say that with regard to Cambodia, where 60% of the animals come from, we are all at least temporarily foreclosed from bringing new animals in and utilizing them on studies in the United States. So you want to extrapolate this and say this is an industry issue, a relatively profound one because drugs arent going to move through preclinical and into the clinic. Biologics are not going to move unless theyre tested on large  animals, and its has to be NHP.  So we are  our focus now is to work with Fish and Wildlife to come up with a collaborative methodology that theyre in agreement with, and we can execute to show parentage, which is sort of the underlying issue here. Its going to be some sort of laboratory assay that were developing, but we have to be able to do that quickly and cross a large population of animals.  The  just to reset the table for you, the irony is that demand is really significant for us. I cant comment on the competition, but I assume similarly. So demand is exceptional. Were well staffed. Capacitys in a good place. We actually have enough animal supply in terms of our relationships with the various suppliers that we have where we either own a piece or have a long-term contract. And weve hit this unanticipated speed bump with Fish and Wildlife. Theyre saying that theyre concerned about parentage.  So I dont  I cant guarantee anything. I dont think this is a situation that weve been concerned about losing share. Its a situation of how do we  we, and thats both Charles River and the competition to some extent, move past this so we can support the clients to get drugs through preclinical and to patients.  And thats  thatll be pretty much 100% of our focus going forward. Were optimistic that we will be able  thats been a request. Were optimistic that well be able to meet that request. Its a little bit difficult to determine exactly when it will be resolved and exactly when we will get animals into the U.S.  Weve sized our guide, as we said in the prepared remarks, to either have animals kind of late in the third quarter for utilization in Q4. That would be sort of the best case. Worst case would be that Cambodia doesnt open up at all for fiscal 2023. And of course, its about 60% of the supply source, both for Charles River and the industry at large. So its  I dont know how else to say this. Its not really optional that we fix it, have to fix it for our clients and for patients and for ourselves. I think the U.S. government authorities understand the criticality of the work that we do and the role that NHPs play. And were hoping theyll work closely with us as we work through the resolution. 
Derik De Bruin: Great. And that was sort of my next follow-up on this one is like how closely are FDA and Fish and Wildlife working together? I mean, do they clearly understand the importance of what this is? And is there  did you get any sort of suggest an all-in timing on when this would be resolved or what the milestone we need to see?
Jim Foster: I mean, the timing is hard only because theyre pretty much consistent that we prove parentage. By the same token, Fish and Wildlife absolutely understand how these animals are used and the critical nature of them. I know that the various government agencies have been in conversation with one another on the outlook of the world through a different lens. But its going to be essential to move drug development forward for hundreds of clients and drugs that we have a resolution.  So were off working on that. Were off with an open dialogue with Fish and Wildlife about what exactly they need. And we have to explain to them that the reality of its going to take some time to get this up and running, but were well intentioned that we have deep science on our own. Well collaborate with some others to get this up and running. And well provide these tests, which  yes, thats the basis of this whole situation to prevent wild animals being used in biomedical research. 
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much. On the subpoena, are there any additional details you can provide on the timing of the receipt, what DOJ perhaps might think, they have come across that would drive this? And then can you confirm that the incremental margin on the rough $80 million to $160 million revenue headwind is about 50% to 60%? Thats whats embedded in the guidance.  And then third, could you talk about the supply expansion youve  to what extent youve been able to achieve supply expansion beyond Cambodia? Is there any additional detail you could  would be willing to provide on countries of origin, new suppliers, increases with existing non-Cambodian suppliers? Is there anything you can share to let us know what might be the ultimate outcome if, lets say, worst-case scenario Cambodia doesnt reopen?
Jim Foster: Sure. Subpoena is relatively recent, Eric. And were a subject here, meaning that they want to get information from us. Just to back up, that another Cambodian supplier was invited in November. Thats not somebody that we work with. And so we take a couple of our competitors to work with, and that started the whole questioning and to prove for the methodology. And so they are now looking at all of the suppliers in Cambodia, one of whom we get our monkeys from.  We were just there and audited that, I guess, I should say, without sort of weighing in on what the government thinks. So doesnt think that we believe its a professionally run operation from a veterinary point of view, from a nutritional point of view, from a housing point of view, from a shipment point of view. And its a big farm. And they take our advice and counsel really well. So we feel that we have some end point and some auditing capability with them. We believe that as this DOJ investigation continues, were confident that theyll conclude that any concerns they have with regard to Charles River are without merit. We dont believe we did anything wrong. To the contrary, we always fully comply with U.S. and international laws. So well work closely with them. Well be collaborative. Well be transparent. We will take the high road in terms of coming up with a solution that works for them, works for us and probably will work for other providers and competition, which is great.  The supply thing is  I mean, it is what it is, Eric. Its frustrating. We worked really hard over the last, Id say, COVID years, so probably three years now, maybe four particularly after China closed out in 2018 to have a multiplicity of suppliers. And I wont go through where they are and what their names are, but we have multiple supply sources. And so we were starting this year with more than a sufficient number of monkeys to do the work. You know we have orders last year way into the back half of 2023 and some into 2024 and hopefully, some incremental on top of that. And as I said earlier, we had staff and space.  So were heading into this  and we had an extraordinary second half of last year. So weve been heading into this year really optimistic about our supply sources. So I would say that we have multiple supply sources, which is great. I would tell you in specific answer to your question that if Cambodia never opens up, there will be an insufficient number of monkeys to do the work for the whole industry. And Im not just saying this with  through Charles River lens. Thats not a tolerable situation. Thats not an acceptable situation for the health of patients, for drug development, for getting drugs through preclinical into the clinic.  So we have to find an accommodation. They  the dialogue with them was quite open, and theyve been really clear to say you just have to show parentage and by that, listing. What we mean by that is just that you can track the offspring to mothers and that those mothers are part of a purpose-bred operation.  So we believe that we can do that. We believe that Cambodia will open up at some point. Were hopeful that it will be sort of best case to become end-ish of third quarter with the animals in the fourth because its a big industry dilemma if that cant happen. And I will let Flavia drill down on the financial impact of what we just gave in our guidance. 
Flavia Pease: Thanks, Jim and good morning Eric. Yes, our EPS guidance obviously assumes different scenarios as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. Obviously, the revenue loss drops down at a fairly high rate initially. But Ill prefer not to comment on the specifics. 
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question will come from Sandy Draper with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Todd Spencer: Hey Sandy, are you on mute? We cant hear you. 
Sandy Draper: Yes. Thanks, Todd. So just a quick follow-up on NHP and then my bigger questions on the CDMO business. But to make sure I understand it correctly, youve decided, Jim, to stop. But were you ordered to stop taking on primates from the supplier to this resolved? And basically is this  youre waiting from signals from the Food and Wildlife or the FDA and so your hands are tied? Or once you think things are clear, you can make the call? So I just want to make sure I understand that.  And then the bigger question is just on clearly encouraging signs on the CDMO in your guidance. Going back to the miss in 2022, is this just a function of time and that youve sort of gone through that 12 months of just rebuilding the pipeline that you had that sort of the air pocket? Or has demand actually gotten better? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. So on the Fish and Wildlife situation, so there was all sorts of contradictory and probably erroneous information about what Cambodia was doing after this first farm was invited back in November. So the initial ruling was that the Cambodian government just closed down exports, which was we dont believe was ever true.  So Cambodia is  from their end, is open for business. Wed like to shift the animals, well provide the paperwork. The U.S. government is saying, you cant bring them in yet. And the ones that you have in country, and we have some in country, you cant use yet until we sort of work out and ensure that they are indeed purpose-bred.  So no. So I dont think its  I dont think we can just do what we want. I mean, theres always permitting. There are these site permits that one has to get and then they  when they  so canceled, you can go ahead and utilize the animal. So just your prevalence, I guess our hands are tied, but were trying to look at that positively that its within our control to get them untied. Theyre just going to sort of wait for us to make a proposal on how we can prove theyre purpose-bred. So as I said, thats like 100% of our focus right now in our control. And obviously, the faster we do it, the faster they will allow us to utilize the animals. CDMO business is an interesting one. As weve spoken to consistently for a while, now integration has been complicated. The science is quite complicated and new. And we really had to re-staff all three of the companies, the major companies that we bought from kind of top to bottom, senior management, sales, regulatory, et cetera. I think the demand has been great across the Board. The sales cycle is long. So Im not sure that was totally clear to us or the length wasnt crystal clear to us when we bought the company and plus some of the clients that we felt we had firm commitments werent so firm. So I think weve done a great job with the new sales force where people that understand the science can explain it well. And we have in our prepared remarks a commentary $100 million of new business come in last year. Our Memphis facility, which is a gene-modified cell therapy manufacturing operation, this sounds particularly solid right now just in terms of numbers of clients, scale of clients. By that, I mean, theres a bunch of companies that are cell therapy companies that are kind of small and new that youve never heard of, but theres a bunch of really big companies, including big biotech and big pharma who either dont have their own space or dont feel theres sufficient space in the system. We have several clients that were talking to who have either finished Phase 3 or almost  who are talking to us about commercial quantities. And theres at least one client that we are confident that we will produce commercial quantities for them this fiscal year, which obviously would be fabulous just in terms of, I dont know, expertise, reputation, capability and really doing it because theres still a few commercial products actually being manufactured. So the business feels better, stronger, better demand, better client understanding of who we are, better integration amongst and between the cell and gene therapy companies and also between cell and gene therapy and our biologics business, in particular, and I would say safety. Secondarily, we have very good facilities that have been all three of the big  three of the major facilities have been added on to over the past year. So weve got new space, incremental space and pretty well staffed. Its a very attractive area. Theres lots of people that want to work and sell in gene therapy. I think theres a little bit of a positive buzz around our capability and potential. So we should have nice growth rates in those businesses in fiscal 2023. The margins wont be anywhere near we want them to be, but they will be distinctly better than the prior year. So CDMO should be accretive for sort of the manufacturing top and bottom line. And similarly, obviously, to a lesser extent given the denominator, but similarly to CRLs top and bottom line also. So we feel good about those businesses as weve entered this fiscal year.
Sandy Draper: Thanks for the update, Jim.
Jim Foster: Pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys, thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you could comment, it seems like you based on the guidance that you gave for the full year on NHPs that you probably have enough supply domestically to get you to this sort of fourth quarter at least between the Cambodia and non-Cambodian supply. So if thats something you could comment on. And then secondarily, can you talk about the impact of potentially follow-on work after NHPs? It seems like maybe is that something that you guys have accounted for in the guidance? Or is that something that would maybe impact 2024 more than 2023? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. So we have some supply, for sure, Elizabeth. So we have  we do a lot of NHP work in the U.S., but we also do  I mentioned Europe that we have other suppliers for European operations. We have other suppliers for the U.S. We had monkeys in countries, some of which our hands are tied at the moment, but some of which our hands arent tied. And I dont want to peel it back too finely, but I think that we have a sufficient supply for a while, and then it begins to wind a little bit. Were just going to have to have conversations with our clients about their priorities and what they really need to be done quickly and try to match their priorities and the cadence of their drug development pipelines with availability of space and NHPs. So yes, to some extent, well have sufficient supply. And to some extent, we wont. And hopefully, as weve indicated in our prepared remarks today and in the numbers in our guidance that well be off and running in the back half of the year. Were continuing to take orders and book orders certainly into 2024. I dont want to comment on what the impact is in 2024. Were early in the first quarter of 2023 except to say that our hope would be to resolve this problem because we have sufficient supply if the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the other regulatory agencies will let us use them so. And just given the importance of the work, we have to figure it out. Were confident that they will listen. They understand the importance. Were also confident they dont have a lot of options. Very few of our clients have internal toxicology capacity. And even if they did, they cant get the NHPs either. And we have perfectly capable competitors, but they have limited infrastructures, and they have limited access to NHPs as well. So just given our scale and prominence, we have to resolve it. And were hopeful that people will work with us and understand that were doing everything in good faith and want to come up with a scientific solution that satisfies everybodys expectations and demands.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Mac on for Jacob. Just a quick one for me. Are there any areas of your business where the funding environment actually drives additional demand or outsourcing? I think CRADL is perhaps one of these areas?
Jim Foster: Yes. CRADL for sure. CRADLs  I dont want to overstate it. Id say its a relatively recession-proof business and kind of the pure-play outsourcing move for  we thought it was only going to be small companies. Its a whole range of countries. Its quite interesting, but for everyone at the moment who might not want to build de novo space, add on to the current space, just hold on to the capital and at least small amounts of space from us, use our people either in large measure or a small measure. I think that business is going really well. Look, our whole thesis  I mean the whole basis of the bargain with Charles River is that we can be your outsourcing partner. You use our people and our space as if theyre your own. Well invest in technology and capacity consistently. Well help you get your drug into the market or at least tell you that it shouldnt get into the market because of high levels of toxicity or whatever, lack of efficacy. So I think that so much of what we do, all of the Research Model Services are pure outsourcing. All of our discovery and safety work is pure outsourcing. And so is the biologics work. And so  and everything that weve added through M&A over the last decade or even two decades has been about providing a large cohesive portfolio to  so somebody can literally give us a drug and say, please tell me, file my IND and get this thing to market. So obviously, its somewhat correlated to the availability of cash. I would say that our biotech clients, in particular, are very judicious and thoughtful about the way they spend money. So they tend not to move forward unless they think they have enough money to at least get their drug minimally into the clinic and actually to proof of concept. And were still hearing very little from our clients about concern about access to capital and how that would impair or slowdown both the demands from us and ability to spend. So yes, we think our  and if they have those concerns, and theyre just not articulating it, I think our portfolio is quite helpful for them. And yes, I would agree that CRADL is kind of the top of the list.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for taking my question.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open. 
Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys, thank you for taking the questions. Jim, can you maybe just talk through the timeline of how this all played out? I mean, obviously, you put out the 8-K, I think it was mid to late this November, sorry. And then December, there were mixed reports. Cambodia was shut down, then it wasnt a few days later. And obviously, you guys got the subpoena just a few days ago. So can you just talk about when you guys started to realize, hey, this might be a real disruption, and this is going to shut down and just trying to get a sense in terms of how quickly you could prepare for this and just how it played out internally would be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure. When the information came public about the indictment in November of a supplier in Cambodia that was the first time we know anything about  any concern about Cambodia. Just to remind you all this probably around the same percentage of our animals, our NHPs were coming from China up until that point. We had pretty wide scale supply agreements from China, and then the Chinese government closed those exports down in favor of keeping those monkeys in country. And we and our competitors pivoted to Cambodia, which has essentially the same type of animals or the same genetic background. So we knew that the research community would be fine with them. They also didnt really have a choice. But its similar background. So weve been working hard to validate our supply sources by visiting them, by telling them what our kind of requirements were from an operational point of view. Weve been quite pleased with them. Weve been quite pleased with the quality of monkeys. As I said earlier, we had probably the best  not probably, we had the best year in the companys history for our Safety Assessment business in fiscal 2022, really strong demand way out a year or 1.5 years and escalating price points and market share gains. And so we were feeling very good coming into this year as we were locking down our operating plan, and this came up literally out of the blue. And then as you say, I cant put a finer point on it than what you said. All sorts of rumor is tough to verify. But Cambodia closed, no its not closed. Great, its not closed, but then we got U.S. government is we dont care, but you cant use them until you can determine and prove to us that the animals are purpose-bred. So its just November to now, which is  it feels like decades, thats a relatively short period of time. We have finally opened up channels to have conversations with both DOJ and Fish and Wildlife, obviously, not only will we cooperate, but I think its incumbent upon us given our scale and who we are to be the leaders in solving this problem. We have to solve this for the client base. By that, I mean, we have to come up with the necessary tests that can be done quickly to determine which animals  that the animals are indeed purpose-bred, and we will do that. So well stay close to all of our suppliers or particularly the one that we  the principal one that we use in Cambodia, provide advice and counsel on what we think they need to do additionally on their end. And well enhance our own internal testing methodology such that we can just show efficient wildlife data, and hopefully, theyll be pleased with it. And its as straightforward as frustrating and as sort of sudden as that, the  it just literally sort of the information and the kind of severity of what the government was looking for seem to come out of nowhere, certainly with no advanced notice. And its not something weve spoken to them about previously. And as I said, we had an extraordinary fiscal 2022, so  and never even a hint of this kind of concern or investigation or conversation.
Patrick Donnelly: Thats helpful. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Max Smock with William Blair. Your line is open.
Max Smock: Hi, thank you for taking our questions. Maybe one for me on the CDMO business. You mentioned a stronger sales funnel for this part of the company. And just wondering if theres any more detail you can share around how the sales funnel has grown over the last couple of quarters here, and what youre seeing in terms of the strength in the cell and gene therapy market more broadly? And then in terms of those potential opportunities that youve won so far, I guess, it would be helpful to hear really what has differentiated you or what you think differentiates you from some of your larger competitors in the space. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure. The market is strong and has remained strong. Theres a plethora of cell and gene therapy drugs that had then quote discovered and need to be developed either to success or failure. So were going to be very, very busy. Weve, as I said earlier, retooled the sales organization. So weve got people with great expertise in both cell and gene therapy to understand both the science and the processes for manufacturing and the time frame. As I said earlier, the time frame is longer than we had anticipated. So were really pleased with the way weve been signing up clients, large and small, the openness to share their anticipated plans with us to wheel what the market size they think the drugs might have. As I said earlier, we have several clients that are on the verge of commercialization. It doesnt mean the drugs will get to market, but Im just saying from a regulatory point of view are on the verge of having finished clinicals and will be filing and one that has moved into a commercial zone. So the sales funnel feels solid, consistent, persistent and pretty varied in terms of the scale of the companies. The market itself, the  its probably a number we should update, but we  when we quantified it last time, we said they were about 3,000 cell and gene therapy drugs in development, probably two-thirds of which were in the preclinical domain. And obviously, some meaningful portion of these well get to work on. The differentiating factor for us and the reason we went into CDMO space having kind of fleet from a few years ago because its kind of a crowded space is that this is kind of an interesting niche. We have a couple of other very good players in the space, which is fine. The market needs them, but what the differentiating feature is that we dont just manufacture a drug. We have the Biologics Testing business, which is kind of how we ended up pivoting back into this space because clients were saying speed is of the essence. We give you our molecule and develop it for us. We cant tolerate you sending us out to find some of the manufacturer negotiating prices, maybe someone we dont know or trust. Wed like you to be able to do that for us. So if you think about it, we can do some of the discovery development. We can do all the toxicology work to say its safe, then we can test that molecule before it goes into the clinic  sorry, we can now manufacture the molecule, and then test it before it goes into the clinic and then test it as it goes into commercialization. So I do think it holds true not just for cell and gene therapy but pretty much everything we do. We just have this  we have a broader portfolio than the competition. And even if theyre bigger companies and even if theyre bigger and have a larger reputation than us for being a CDMO, they dont have the pull-through that we have, and they dont have a comprehensive portfolio. We think that gives us a significant and distinct competitive advantage.
Max Smock: Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dan Leonard with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you for taking the question. I have a couple of follow-ups to Deriks question at the start on what customers are doing with the NHP supply constraints. How actively are they pivoting to different models like many pigs or dogs? And are clients being more discriminating about NHP use in line with the recent FDA guidance? And then finally, is there any chance, Jim, that the heightened NHP concern reduces long-term demand for NHPs from biopharma as clients reconsider their NHP needs? And if that happens, what does that do to Charles Rivers business opportunity? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. Very smart and sophisticated question. Not an easy one to answer. I think that we all particularly given the complexity of NHP availability and by the way, its always been complex. Its just more complex these days because of the sheer numbers. If there was an alternative species that was  yes. Lets start with your pig question. You could produce them domestically, and they have litters as opposed to one offspring, and you could get significant numbers. The problem is  and by the way, we do a fair amount of swine work right now, mostly for dermatology and cardiovascular work. But its not a bad model. Several problems and several which is number one is there are not enough swine either. Number two is if you use sort of farm size one, thats just too big. And by too big, I mean, at that stage, drug companies have made a very small amount of the drug, which is classic extraordinary amount. So theyd like to put it in small animals. So if you put it in mice or rats, thats obviously a small amount of drug. And the monkeys that we use are quite small as well. And plus its years and years and years of data using NHP. So I would say that swine is theoretically a long-term solution, but youd have to have lots of elevation work done by our clients, accepted by the FDA and then a massive breeding operation, which we would undertake that. It just  its not around the corner. The utilization of NHPs and a small animal model, usually a rat, is required by the FDA and comparable organizations around the world. So thats unlikely to change. I think the essence of your question as well, thats really interesting, but what if theyre not available, what happens. And you know that the FDA is the protector of the public safety. So they wont do anything to impair safety, biologics of complicated drugs and I mentioned human proteins or artificial human proteins. And so you really want something that is closely aligned with a human being as possible. So I dont see significant pivot out of that. And would it reduce demand? I mean, if you have a host  so lets take the worst case that Cambodia never opens up. That would beg the question of would the FDA accept smaller numbers of animals per study than they do now. I dont know the answer to that. And if they did accept that, would that be significantly  significant enough to give them enough data to approve the drug? Maybe. Probably not. They couldnt pivot overnight to another animal model. So again, I just have to go back to where Ive been on this whole call, the animals are available. There are enough animals available. The farm that we use, we provided really good oversight. And we think its well-run farm, and we think the animals are of high quality. And we have to get through this logged in, and its not like  think about your question, its not like literally are there enough animals available in the world to satisfy the demand because there arent. These animals typically are pests in these countries, and then they take the test, and they use them as initial breed stock. So theyre wild. And then we sell usually the second generation, occasionally the first, but the second generation. So the animals are clean, and weve had an opportunity to ensure their viral and bacteriological and genetic profiles are as it were  as you want it to be. So we are  trust me, we talk daily about alternative models, what our responsibility would be, how we would go at it, how we support our clients. And that may happen over the next  I dont know the time frame, lets say, five years. But that doesnt satisfy any of the short-term needs right now. So I do think that  were quite hopeful in the final analysis, organizations like NIH and the FDA will weigh it seriously about how important these animals are, support us and the work that we do. And so ensure in a long-term basis, these animals are available.
Dan Leonard: Thank you for that perspective. And if I could ask a quick follow-up, can you help me better understand the complexity of showing parentage for NHPs? Presumably, this isnt just a 2023 Ames test. Its more complicated than that, but Id love to be able to better understand that.
Jim Foster: Yes. Its  I dont think its all that complicated. You just  youre proving genetics. And there are also sort of genetic assays that are available. The issue is actually more trivial. Its just actual scale depending on how many of the animals they want tested. And how do you do that on a large enough scale quickly enough so it doesnt impede the speed, the velocity of your business. So were hopeful. Were speaking to a few organizations right now. Were hopeful that we can enhance the technology to be able to do it faster. So that would be good for us, that would be good for our clients. And I think thats  speed is an issue of the regulatory folks. They just want proof with it.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate that perspective. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Casey Woodring: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just curious, is this your max impact from NHPs? Or do you think theres more downside to that range for 2023? I guess, does that headwind include any pricing offset? Is there any way to go back to the table and renegotiate price for work that you maybe had booked last year pre-supply crunch year? And then just as a follow-up, how much of your existing supply will have run through in 2023? Does that downside case that you laid out assume youd be entering 2024 with only 40% of your NHP supply available? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. So Im going to stay away from 2024. Just  its too far away, and we dont know how this year is going to unfold in terms of access to new animals. And so the supply will be  yes, its hard to call what it will be going to next year, which, of course, is more than 10 months away. We believe based upon everything we know today and based upon our conversations with the Fish and Wildlife and others that the guidance range that we have out and now accommodates for sort of close to the best case and close to the worst case. And so were pretty comfortable with that. So we like our shareholder base to just sort of get in that genre. The price points for work in kind of the back half of this year and definitely for 2024 continue to escalate. It might not be quite at the escalating point that we had last year to really cover our inflationary costs but meaningful prices. I dont know. It feels unclear as to what we do from a pricing point of view to accommodate for this lack of demand. I think we need to be paid well for the complexity of the work we do and for the animals that we have. But we may have a small amount of pricing power only if the costs go up dramatically. But I wouldnt think that we can make up much of this by significantly increasing the cost to our clients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Tim Daley: Great. Thanks. First, I wanted to ask on RMS. So within the RMS organic growth guidance for the year, are you assuming any divergence in product versus service above or below the segment average? And then secondly, a few quick yes, no for you, Jim, on DSA. Will you be providing intra-quarter updates to investors regarding developments in the NHP dynamics? Does your guidance assume any resumption of China NHP exports to the U.S.? And just a quick follow on to Dans first question on the FDA Modernization Act. Where you sit today, is there any meaningful mid- to long-term risk to the Safety Assessment addressable market due to synthetic models? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Wow, four-part. So, I would say that the FDA Modernization Act is well intentioned and is pointing to alternatives to the extent that they are available and viable. And we would be the first company to own those technologies were they available and viable. I think that theres very limited technologies right now. We try to invest in them when we see them. We bought one company in the last 25 years. It was clearly in vitro or non-animal based to replace an animal technology that the FDA required. Its done quite well. But I remember when I made the decision to buy it many years ago, I assume by now thered be 20 other technologies, and there simply arent. So while the FDA Modernization Act means well and its sort of pointing towards less animals, more sophisticated animal models, early or assays that are in vitro, I think some of that will happen. I think youre going to see AI and machine learning and utilization data to decide how the trials used potentially more in the early discovery phase to give you an indication of  I dont know whether the new drug is likely to work as well as an old one and minimally in toxicology. We hear every month  and I totally ignore it, by the way. We hear every month that China is opening up again for exports. I dont know why were hearing it. I dont know whos saying it. I dont believe it. So China is at odds with the U.S. and probably Europe right now. They have lots of animals that would potentially give them, I dont know, but any edge, but at least access to more monkeys. Its hard to imagine what the scenario might be that they would open up again. So, were certainly assuming for all of our guidance and assumptions and plan that we dont have them available for us. You had another question  oh, I cant imagine that we would give inter-quarter updates on DSA. So, I would leave it at that. And on the RMS business, this is a business thats really rocking right now. Its kind of moved up into sort of high single digits genre. We did 9% for fiscal 2022. Thats the best its been in a long time. Weve got China doing well. Weve got North America doing really well. Im only laughing because its been years since thats happened. So it happened 2022 and we imagine 2023 as well. This CRADL business with the acquisition we made last year is doing particularly well genetically engineered model business, its also doing particularly well. And so we see a really good opportunity to take share. We always get price in those businesses. Clients are pretty much happily dependent on us. Its been  nobody produces their own animals or provides the level of services that we do. So the business feels continually stronger pretty much in all of the geographies in which we participate. Some of our competitors, particularly because of COVID, had a rough time, I dont know, having enough infrastructure to work through COVID. I think theyve been  had some financial issues as well and some of them are only in the Research Model business. So, I think theyve had a lot of pressure on them. So, we feel really good about that business, its growth rate potential and its operating margin potential and really feel good about how it ended up in 2022.
Tim Daley: Great. Thanks. And sorry for the multi part there.
Jim Foster: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Jim, I wanted to ask one on kind of availability. You touched in one of the earlier answers about the test. I wondered if you could give us a framing as to whether you think this is a test that kind of the assay exists, but you need to repurpose it and validate it in your area? Or are you kind of starting from scratch? And then more broadly, in terms of kind of longer-term availability of NHPs. I wonder what consideration you have given to establishing domestic colonies and/or working with U.S. primate research facilities that I think are mostly used for NIH, but is there any opportunity to leverage those for access to primates?
Jim Foster: Yes. The domestic colony question is a really good one, Dave. I cant tell you how many times weve discussed it. And I think you know that we did it once. So, we set up a domestic colony in Southern Florida. Its extraordinarily significant expense and had the bad luck of even though we have built hurricane proof of closures [ph] having a hurricane, which really grew in the bunch of the facility actually a bunch of monkeys got out. The  at the time this was a long time ago, Dave, it was  I remember the project was like cash flow negative for over a decade. Its just a brutal drop. So you have two problems with it. One is its crazy expensive now. I think underlying your question was, could you go to the federal government and say, can you help us with this? It is a critical national resource. And they probably would. So that would take some of the financial sting out of it, but it still would take forever. Were talking about what can we do between now and the end of this year. And it just would be forever. So its just  its not a practical approach. On the test, I think its both. The answer to your question is both. There are current tests that can be utilized but are set up not on a very large scale. So, we have to scale them up or find a partner to scale them up. So minimally well do that. What were really hoping for, particularly with one or two of the collaborators that we began to talk to is that the quality of their science is so sophisticated that they can help us refine the test in a way that we can do more, have more throughput faster with better and unequivocal results. And obviously, you got our own labs. As you know, Dave, we have big labs all around the world in our facilities. So we have really good capacity and really capable people that would know how to do this work. We just would like to get ahead of it. So its kind of a work in progress literally as we speak. Were working on. Im confident that we will minimally have kind of something relatively new and not yet standard and potentially something better than even something thats new that would be  care so much about the cost as speed and accuracy. So, were all over that, and well update you folks on what our progress is. And if the relevance of the partners and we have an appropriate partner, if we think thats meaningful to our shareholder base, well share that with you as well.
Dave Windley: Thats great. And if I could follow up on kind of the, I guess, the breadth of the effort. Do you see  I mean you mentioned the industry understand that. Certainly makes sense to kind of be collaborative to solve an industry problem. But for your purposes, are you needing to scale this up to kind of validate parentage with your primary supplier in Cambodia? Or is it kind of needs to apply to all of Cambodia and get the U.S. government comfortable with the whole thing as opposed to just KF in your case?
Jim Foster: I mean, eventually, I think its good for the industry if you can even call what we do an industry and certainly for our clients, if you could  certainly they are an industry. I think it would be good if the whole Cambodian source, and there are a couple of really big players and then some smaller ones if they could use a similar methodology to show who are the moms and who are the offsprings. So if were successful, we wont be selfish about it. I think the way we see the landscape right now, were unlikely to work with anybody besides our principal supplier because we just know them so well. We like the scale at which they were again, and they really take our advice and counsel really well. So, we are quite confident that work with us. And so maybe that will be the nice edge. Well start with our supplier. Well work with them. Well show Fish and Wildlife what weve accomplished. And then we can offer to share that. I dont care. We can share that with our competition. We dont have 100% share. So we just want the biopharmaceutical industry to be well resourced here and have access to companies that can do the work well for them. So  and I do think that the U.S. providers are quite  will be quite reliant on Cambodia for the foreseeable future, just given the genetic similarity between the Cambodian monkeys and the Chinese ones. And its much better for the research just sort of background data point of view. So thats how we see it unfolding. Its possible that our competition will do something similar. And maybe they get there first. I dont even care. Were not going to spend a lot of time, I think, working with them because we just have a different, I think, viewpoints and capabilities and scale and just the way we deal with suppliers and the government. So while we may talk to them and get each others support, I think we have to do this alone. And I think we have to do it quite quickly.
Dave Windley: All right. Understood. And thanks for the perspective. Good luck with that.
Jim Foster: Sure, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions, and this does conclude todays Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories third quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2022. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through the next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. I'm very pleased to speak with you today about our third quarter results. Our solid financial performance was highlighted by a 15.3% organic revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.63, both of which exceeded our prior outlook. Third quarter organic growth rate accelerated 580 basis points from the second quarter level due primarily to the DSA segment, which delivered an outstanding growth rate of more than 20%, in line with our outlook since the beginning of the year. The DSA growth acceleration reflects continued robust price increases and meaningfully higher study volume in the Safety Assessment business, trends which have been supported by the strength of its backlog that continues to afford us with excellent visibility into the future client demand. The strong operating performance against the backdrop of escalating macroeconomic pressures demonstrates the power of our unique portfolio which differentiates Charles River from other companies that provide R&D support services to the biopharmaceutical industry, especially from the late stage clinical service providers. We are uniquely positioned as the leading global non-clinical drug development partner, working with clients from discovery and early stage development through the safe manufacture of life-saving therapies. Our focus is centered on preclinical R&D which requires extensive scientific knowledge and the ability to innovate, understand and distinguished viable molecules from those that are not. Post-pandemic, we are even more -- an even more essential partner to our biopharmaceutical clients because our core competencies are precisely tailored to their intensified focus on scientific breakthroughs, personalized medicine and speed-to-market. With a comprehensive portfolio spanning small molecules, biologics and cell and gene therapies, we provide a flexible and efficient platform that accelerates early stage biomedical research and therapeutic innovation. We are a leading global partner for outsourced discovery and regulated safety assessment services. We are also the largest provider of small research models and associated services that enable our clients to conduct their own research, and we offer a comprehensive portfolio of manufacturing solutions from quality control testing solutions to the production of cell and gene therapies that enable us to continue supporting our clients as they work with other providers to conduct human clinical trials and reach commercialization. We have a large and diversified client base which makes us an exceptional barometer for the health of the broader biopharmaceutical industry. And unlike clinical providers, greatly reduces our reliance on a small group of clients. We have worked with more than 2,000 biopharmaceutical clients this year, and our top 25 clients are primarily large biopharmaceutical clients that are well financed and have been a stable source of sustained revenue growth with accelerated spending in the third quarter. Our top 25 clients represented only 28% of total revenue last year, and our largest client represented just above 3% of total revenue. We also believe that our biotech clients will remain a sustained growth engine for Charles River. We have averaged adding more than 400 new biotech clients per year since 2017 and are already above that level this year. Our biotech clients continue to be a principal driver of revenue growth, increasing a healthy double-digit growth rates in the third quarter and year-to-date, a trend that we believe supports our view that biotechs with promising molecules are continuing to find available funding. In addition, we saw early indications of the return of IPOs and secondary offerings in the third quarter. Venture capital funding remained very healthy and large pharma continue to support the biotech industry. Our concentration of at-risk biotech remains low at approximately 5% of both DSA and total revenue for public biotechs with less than two years of cash on hand. This is slightly below our prior estimate, which evaluated DSA backlog. We believe the early stage research that we conduct is instrumental in our biotech clients achievement of the important milestones that enable them to secure their next round of funding. And therefore, we believe they view continuing the regulated safety assessment programs as critical to their continued success. The total cost of the safety assessment program is a fraction of the cost of clinical trials, typically ranging from $6 million to $8 million including post-IND studies. Yet it is an important milestone to demonstrate that clients' efforts are driving innovation and validating the efficacy and safety profile of their lead compounds. At 5 times to 10 times less than the cost of clinical trials, biotech clients are motivated to plan their spending around the achievement of IND approval before seeking additional funding or finding a larger biopharmaceutical partner to move into clinical trials. As a result of the importance, both biotech and larger biopharma clients are continuing to move their regulated safety assessment programs through their pipelines. I will now provide additional highlights of our third quarter performance. We reported revenue of $989.2 million in the third quarter of '22, a 10.4% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 15.3% exceeded our prior outlook of at least low double-digit increase. All three business segments reported solid revenue growth, particularly the DSA segment, due to the robust performance of the Safety Assessment business. The operating margin was 20.4%, a decrease of 100 basis points year-over-year. The decline was driven by lower margins in the manufacturing in RMS segments as well as higher unallocated corporate costs, both of which were previously anticipated. Earnings per share were $2.63 in the third quarter, a decrease of 2.6% from the third quarter of last year. Higher revenue was offset by the operating margin decline, increased interest expense and a higher tax rate. Based on the third quarter performance, we are narrowing our 2022 revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to the upper ends of the previous ranges. We expect organic revenue growth in the range of 11% to 12% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $10.80 to $10.95. I'll now provide details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue for the DSA segment was $619.5 million in the third quarter, a 20.8% year-over-year increase on an organic basis. The DSA growth rate surpassed the 20% level, tracking to our initial plan that had forecast meaningful DSA growth acceleration throughout the year. The exceptional demand, which has manifested itself in sustained backlog growth is a function of our clients' robust pipelines, our competitive strengths and the scientific breadth and geographic reach of our portfolio. Broad based growth in the Safety Assessment business was the principal driver of the nearly two-fold increase in the DSA revenue growth rate from the second quarter level. The factors that led to this meaningful step-up were substantially higher study volume and continued meaningful price increases. Study volume was a significant contributor, driven by strong demand across the Safety Assessment business for most major study types of general and specialty toxicology. As expected, study volume rebounded meaningfully from first half levels, and we were able to accommodate additional client demand as a result of having hired and trained additional staff over the last year. We are continuing to successfully recruit and retain staff to support future growth and do not foresee challenges with staffing levels as we head into next year. Pricing also continued to trend meaningfully higher year-over-year and sequentially, which we believe reflects the complexity and specialized nature of the work we do. Today's inflationary cost environment and the fact that capacity remains well utilized. Although pass-throughs are higher costs for certain study related resources that are passed directly to clients were higher in the third quarter, they accounted for less than half of the sequential step up in the Safety Assessment growth rate and had effectively no margin impact. Pricing, exclusive of the impact of pass-throughs, increased broadly in the third quarter. Clients continue to emphasize the breadth of capabilities, study lead times and the availability of space more so than price, when determining the preferred partner for their preclinical programs. As the premier partner for our clients' non-clinical development programs, it's not surprising that clients are continuously choosing to work with Charles River for our broad and scientifically differentiated portfolio, superior client service and speed as we aim to take an additional year out of the early stage development time lines. As expected, the Discovery Services growth rate moderated in the third quarter, primarily due to the lengthening of clients' decision making time frames to start new projects, a trend which we discussed in August. We believe the Discovery business will demonstrate favorable long-term growth prospects as many of our clients, including biotechs, prefer to outsource their drug discovery projects rather than maintain in-house infrastructure. And given the critical importance of the early stage research in which they are engaged, they prefer an integrated full service partner like Charles River. We continue to expect mid-teens DSA organic revenue growth in 2022. DSA backlog and booking activity through the third quarter continues to support sustained growth. And for next year, we have a significant amount of safety assessment work already booked. The strong Safety Assessment performance has been under the leadership of Shannon Parisotto. Shannon has been with the company for over 20 years, starting at our Nevada site shortly after it became our first acquisition in the safety assessment space. With significant operational and finance experience, Shannon recently assumed responsibility of our Discovery Services in addition to Safety and was promoted to an Executive Vice President. I would like to congratulate Shannon and wish her continued success in driving the long-term growth of our Global Discovery and Safety Assessment segment. DSA operating margin increased by 190 basis points to 26.2% in the third quarter, driven primarily by operating leverage from the substantial quarterly increase in Safety Assessment study volume and pricing. RMS revenue was $180.1 million, an increase of 8% on an organic basis over the third quarter of 2021. The RMS business continued to sustain high single-digit growth, consistent with our outlook for the year. The RMS growth potential has trended upward recently from low to mid-single digits several years ago due to a combination of accelerating growth for research model services and research models. The CRADL initiative, or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs including a recent Explora acquisition is a significant driver of the growth rate increase. In addition, our renewed focus on biomedical research has led to increased demand and share gains for small research models, particularly in North America and China. We are also benefiting from meaningful price increases, in part to offset inflationary cost pressures. These factors were the principal drivers of RMS revenue growth in the third quarter. In the Research Models business, North America continued to generate strong revenue growth and China rebounded following the impact from COVID related restrictions in the second quarter. There was no meaningful impact on client order activity from COVID related restrictions in the third quarter. We are also continuing to expand in China outside of Beijing and Shanghai regions to gain additional market share and believe the level of biomedical research activity, coupled with our expansion plans in China, will continue to generate robust double-digit growth in the region. Research Model Services also had another excellent quarter, led by the Insourcing Solutions business, particularly our CRADL and Explora operations. Clients are increasingly adopting this flexible model to access laboratory space without having to invest in internal infrastructure. Explora has continued to perform very well with the integration on track. We added five new sites over the last six months in California and Washington state and now operate 27 vivarium facilities totaling over 370,000 square feet of turnkey rental capacity. CRADL and Explora provides us with a new and unique pathway to connect with clients at earlier stages, enabling these clients to easily access additional services across our comprehensive discovery and non-clinical development portfolio. In the third quarter, the RMS margin declined by 260 basis points to 23.5%, driven primarily by the revenue mix and higher costs in China due in part to our regional expansions. We also experienced a modest margin impact from opening new CRADL and Explora sites this year for which the profitability will improve as client utilization increases in the newly open sites. Revenue for the Manufacturing segment was $189.6 million, an increase of 6% on an organic basis. Lower revenue in the CDMO business, the drivers of which we discussed last quarter was more than offset by higher growth rates for both the Biologics Testing and Microbial Solutions businesses. The growth prospects for these legacy manufacturing quality control businesses remain robust, and they will continue to be principally driven by demand for biologic drugs, including cell and gene therapies and other complex biologics. Microbial Solutions benefited from broad based growth across SezendaSafe endotoxin testing and Accugenix microbial identification testing platforms. We are continuing to convert the marketplace to our more efficient and reliable quality control testing platform. The continued expansion of the installed base of instruments drives demand for the consumable cartridges and reagents which provides a healthy recurring revenue stream. The Biologics Testing business also had a strong quarter with virology, viral clearance and microbiology testing services driving growth in both the U.S. and Europe. Demand for traditional biologics remains strong, but cell and gene therapy clients are driving a disproportionate amount of recent growth. We have been continuing to add capabilities to our extensive portfolio to support the manufacture of biologics, including the addition of new cell and gene therapy assays. The initiatives that we have implemented to improve the performance of our CDMO business are beginning to gain traction and earn positive feedback from clients. It's still early, and we don't expect the financial performance to meaningfully improve until next year, but we're pleased with the initial progress. Our creation of Centers of Excellence for cell therapies, viral vectors and plasmids has been well received and coupled with our focus on CDMO business development efforts, we are generating new client interest. We recently announced a gene therapy manufacturing partnership with Nanoscope Therapeutics to produce plasmid DNA and viral vectors for their late stage clinical trials of a therapy targeting degenerative ocular diseases. We have a number of other clients who are in late stage clinical trials with their cell or gene therapies, and we are investing in our sites to ensure that we are commercially ready should our clients receive regulatory approval. As we mentioned last quarter, our Memphis cell therapy site received European approval from the EMA to commercially manufacture cell therapy products. We continue to believe in the long-term growth prospects for cell and gene therapies and are enhancing our service offering to generate new business and provide incremental opportunities for clients to streamline their biologics development workflows by utilizing Charles River for their analytical testing, process development and manufacturing activities. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin declined by 410 basis points to 28.6% in the third quarter of 2022. And similar to the second quarter, it was almost entirely driven by the CDMO business. As we announced this morning, we have signed an agreement to divest our Avian Vaccine business, which is part of our Manufacturing Solutions segment for approximately $170 million in cash plus potential contingent payments of up to an additional $30 million. We routinely evaluate the strategic fit and fundamental performance of our global infrastructure. And as we did at this time last year, have sold or closed operations that did not meet our key business criteria. The decision to divest the Avian business was consistent with this evaluation process as we determine the production of SPF eggs principally for Avian Vaccine manufacturers and researchers was no longer a core competency. Flavia will provide additional details on the financial impact of this transaction. We are confident that we will finish the year on a strong note and are encouraged by the solid growth prospects as we head into the new year. The economy will present challenges in the coming year, but we believe we are well positioned to meet these challenges and continue to deliver exclusive science, superior client support and greater efficiency to our clients. Our focus in recent years on enhancing our capabilities in biologics and cell and gene therapies, investing in our people and space, and continuing to build greater digital connectivity with our clients has further differentiated us from the competition and enabled us to forge even deeper relationships with our clients. We are the bridge between the biopharmaceutical industry and patients that enables innovation to move forward and we will continue to distinguish ourselves scientifically and through our preclinical focus. To conclude, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on our third quarter financial performance and 2022 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related adjustments, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, gains or losses from our venture capital and other strategic investments and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2022. We're very pleased with our third quarter results with revenue and earnings outperforming prior outlook. Organic revenue growth of 15.3% resulted in earnings per share of $2.63. I will now provide some additional details on the non-operating items that drove our third quarter performance. Unallocated corporate costs increased in the third quarter, totaling $57.5 million, or 5.8% of total revenue compared to 5% of revenue last year. The increase was primarily the result of higher health and fringe related costs. For the year, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 5% of total revenue. Total adjusted net interest expense for the third quarter was $27.3 million, an increase of $4.4 million sequentially and $6.6 million year-over-year, reflecting the Federal Reserve's interest rate increases this year and on a year-over-year basis, higher debt balances from recent acquisitions. For the year, our total adjusted net interest expense outlook remains unchanged in the range of $106 million to $110 million because we expect that more aggressive interest rate hikes will be offset by additional debt repayment. Our current interest expense guidance can accommodate an additional 75 basis point to 100 basis point increase, should that be the outcome of today's Federal Reserve meeting. Given the late timing of a potential December increase, we do not expect it would have a material impact on interest expense for 2022. This week, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement on $500 million of U.S. dollar denominated debt on our revolving credit facility. For the next two years, the swap will effectively fix the interest rate at 4.7% plus our current spread of 112.5 basis points for a total of 5.825%. With the swap, approximately two-thirds of our $2.9 billion in debt is now at a fixed rate. Of the remaining floating rate debt, our revolving credit facility uses the one month LIBOR rate or equivalents plus the current spread. Looking beyond 2022 and to help with modeling in light of the Federal Reserve's current policy of more aggressive interest rate hikes, a 100 basis point increase in rates is expected to result in incremental interest expense of approximately $9 million on an annualized basis based on our remaining floating rate debt levels after the swap. Our gross and net leverage ratios were both approximately 2.7 times at the end of the third quarter. Over the longer term, we continue to believe that strategic M&A will generate the greatest shareholder returns and enhance our growth potential. But in the near term, we'll also focus on shorter-term initiatives like debt repayment. As Jim mentioned, we plan to divest our Avian Vaccine business by the end of the year. We'll receive gross proceeds of $170 million upfront and intend to redeploy that capital with a portion used to repay debt. The third quarter GAAP tax rate was 20.2%, representing a 320 basis point increase from the same period last year. The higher tax rate year-over-year was due primarily to a lower tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation related to the lower stock price, as well as higher discrete tax benefits in 2021 associated with the R&D tax credit. For the full year, we now expect the tax rate to be approximately 20% on a non-GAAP basis, slightly below the outlook provided in August, and at the low end of our longer term target of low 20%. Free cash flow was $60.4 million in the third quarter compared to $119.2 million last year. The 49% decrease was primarily due to changes in working capital and higher capital expenditures. Capital expenditures were $72.4 million in the third quarter, an increase of nearly $17 million compared to the $55.5 million last year as we continue to make growth related investments. For the year, our free cash flow and CapEx guidance remain unchanged at approximately $360 million and $340 million, respectively. As Jim mentioned, we have narrowed our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to the upper end of the prior ranges. We now expect reported revenue growth in a range of 10% to 11% for the full year, including the 350 basis point foreign exchange headwind that we forecasted in August. Our organic revenue growth outlook was also narrowed to a range of 11% to 12%. We continue to expect that the consolidated operating margin will be essentially flat with 2021 and that we'll have narrowed our earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.80 to $10.95 or approximately 4.5% to 6% growth versus the prior year. Excluding an estimated foreign exchange headwind of $0.43 this year as well as a $0.20 headwind from interest expense compared to our initial outlook, earnings per share growth would be in the low double-digit range this year. By segment, our revenue growth outlook for 2022 remains unchanged. We expect organic revenue growth in the high-single digits for the RMS segment, mid-teens for the DSA segment, and mid-single digits for the Manufacturing segment. As noted in this morning's press release, the Avian divestiture will not have a meaningful impact on our 2022 financial results. In 2023, the transaction will reduce annual revenue by approximately $80 million and non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.35. But we expect to offset a portion of this dilution through the benefits of redeploying the proceeds towards other capital priorities. A summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on Slide 43. With one quarter remaining in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our full year guidance. I'd like to remind you that this year includes a 53 week at the end of the fourth quarter to true up our fiscal year to a December 31 calendar year end. The 53 week historically has been characterized as a partial week of revenue and a full week of costs. And for 2022, we expect the impact will be a benefit to reported revenue growth of approximately 550 basis points for the fourth quarter and a modest operating margin headwind in the fourth quarter, particularly in the RMS segment. For the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, we expect reported revenue growth will be in the low to mid-teens and organic revenue growth will be at least in the low double-digit range. Earnings per share growth is expected to be in the range of approximately $2.65 to $2.80 in the fourth quarter based on our updated full year guidance. In conclusion, we are well positioned to finish the year on a strong note. The second half DSA growth acceleration is occurring as expected and our substantial backlog firmly supports our full year financial guidance. As we look to the future, we're focused on continuing to drive growth, executing on our strategy and enhancing our position as the leading global known clinical drug development partner, working with our clients from discovery and preclinical development through the safe manufacture of their life-saving therapies. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. First question, worst question. Probably one of the biggest debates this quarter is when are you going to give '23 formal outlook. I was hoping I could maybe put the pressure on for you just to tell us when that will be so we can end the debate?
James Foster: We very much want to see the end of the year. We want to see how the following year begins. We moved away from that last year, but that's our normal cadence given the uncertainties and the complexities in the world. So we are highly likely to do this in February.
Eric Coldwell: Yeah. I appreciate that, Jim. Fundamental question on the Avian divestiture. I'm a bit curious, you say it's no longer a core competency, but you've been here forever. You've run it well. It's been extremely profitable, and there is some earnings dilution with the divestiture. It's not the first time here in the last year you've sold something that had a similar, I guess, characteristic of maybe low growth, no growth, but very high profit and very earnings accretive. What do we learn from that? I'm kind of -- I'm interested on why this was no longer a core competency. What was the main driver? Was it more the revenue growth rate or was there something more to that or would maybe this be a signal that you're shifting your attention on higher-growth businesses? Thanks so much.
James Foster: This was a business when we bought it, it had much higher growth characteristics. It was a more meaningful part of the company. It was more strategic. It was more central to what we were doing because I would say it's more of a core competency. So margins are good. It's a true statement. I would say that it's moved into a no growth genre, which we obviously don't like, so it's dilutive to our top line. It's a business that has been okay, but we've been unable -- we've owned that business, by the way, since the mid-'80s. We've been unable to really crank it up in any meaningful way by moving into adjacencies, which we tried. So it seems that we should monetize it, use the proceeds for, in this case, probably debt pay down, but use our assets for more basic and relevant activities. So just sort of moved out of central focus. The other risk is when the business is not within your major focus, you don't give it the time and attention that maybe you would have otherwise. And given that we're in a kind of double-digit growth methodology right now, we certainly want to maintain that.
Eric Coldwell: Yeah. Sounds good. I'll cease the floor here. So, thanks, Jim.
James Foster: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. So realizing that a lot has moved in the world since your 2021 Analyst Day. But can you talk a little bit about the margin cadence as we sort of think about going into 2023 and 2024? You have that roughly 22.5% off margin target for 2024. And I'm just sort of curious how we should think about it realizing you've got FX moving divestitures, just investment in the business, inflationary cost. Would love some thoughts on how you're thinking about the margin progression.
Flavia Pease: Sure. Hi, Derik. Good morning. It's Flavia. And to your point, since we provided that long term outlook about 18 months ago, a lot has changed, right? In the world in macroeconomic conditions, so we're certainly going to take the time to finish the budget for 2023, which will be an important jump off point for us to consider the longer term outlook. We continue to apply to deliver long term high -- long term healthy revenue growth and operating margin expansion. So the tenets of our long term aspirations remain, but we're obviously going to need to go back to the dry block and look at the numbers in more detail since to your point, a lot has changed since we went out 18 months ago.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. And if I can do a follow-up, one of the other CDMOs in the space yesterday called out some headwinds in their developmental services across biotech and pharma, which was sort of a surprise to us. I hate to belabor the point given your conversation on biotech, but do you see any sort of like weirdness? Did the Discovery business get worse? Did you -- did anything sort of soften between the time you had August -- between August and now to sort of making more cautious on the outlook? It doesn't sound like it, but I'm just trying to reconcile some of the comments from some other companies. Thanks. And I'll get back in queue after this.
James Foster: We didn't see anything conservative slowdown anymore down the Discovery, growth rate has moderated, pretty much totally in line with our expectations. As we said on our last call, we've had a lengthening of decision making. We've had no clients or very few clients really focusing on the reason for the delay relative to funding. But if they have to make those decisions of doing slightly less discovery in order to do more IND work, they're going to do that all day long. So we haven't seen any fundamental difference in the cadence since the last time we talked about this.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sandy Draper with Guggenheim. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper: Maybe just a question on the price side, and I'm sure if this is for you, Jim or Flavia. When I think about your comments about strong pricing and et cetera., should we think about that as a -- that's going to flow through the model for the next four quarters or really into next year? Is that something that's just hitting this quarter? I'm just trying to think about the cadence of those of the pricing changes and how they flow through the model and just to think about it because that's clearly been very impressive. It sounds like it's going to spill into next year. I'm just trying to understand how we should be thinking about those price increases flowing through and how sustainable they are. Thanks.
James Foster: Yeah. We were very clear about the fact that the back half of this year, as exemplified by the third quarter, would have increased volume and increased price, which, of course, we just delivered and tightened up our guidance for the year, so that cadence is pretty clear. We have a unusually high amount of our safety assessment booked for next year at escalating and increasing prices, both related to inflation, but primarily related to the complexity, increased complexity of the work, the depth of the science that we do vis-a-vis our competitors and vis-a-vis big pharmaceutical companies. So we feel very good about our pricing power and some of the leverage we have with our clients. We feel really good about capacity utilization. We feel really good about headcount where we have it right now and our ability to do the work. And as we've been saying for a few years, as the work has gotten more complex, we really feel that we ought to be paid well for it. There were years historically, where we didn't think we were being paid well for it. I do think that, that's changed. So as we look to next year without getting too granular, of course, we haven't even finished the plan yet, but we do have a lot of work booked at higher prices.
Sandy Draper: That's really helpful. Thanks and congrats on the quarter in a challenging environment.
James Foster: Thanks, Sandy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I wanted to kind of understand, I guess, relative movement within Discovery and Safety Assessment, you've commented on that this morning and previously. I guess we're hearing -- Derik mentioned it from yesterday, but we're hearing from a number of different players, including you, talking about slower decision making. I guess I'm wondering how you distinguish between Discovery and Safety Assessment? Like if -- what's the protection or the boundary, if they slow down Discovery? Should we be braced or are you braced for that bleeding over into Safety Assessment? And maybe another way to get comfortable with that, you mentioned the $6 million to $8 million in kind of total cost of, I think, an IND enabling program, I think, was the point of those numbers. How much of that comes after IND such that it might run congruent with or sorry, coincident with clinical trial activity and B, therefore, very important?
James Foster: So we think it's a tale of two cities, right. So we think that any company, large or small with the promising compound, particularly for unmet medical need, will do anything humanly possible or financially possible to get this thing to an IND and ultimately in the clinic, where they often monetize the asset, right, sell the company, sell the drug, sell the U.S. rights or whatever. So that would jive with the strength of the backlog, which is increasing, the prices that are escalating, the share volume that we're seeing in 2023, which is unprecedented even though we had some of that in '22. Obviously, the discovery work comes earlier. And at some point, Dave, if you don't have a significant volume of discovery work that will impact the volume of safety work, but I think we're a long way away from that. I think we're seeing some thoughtful pauses with some of our clients just saying -- and a small number of clients, by the way, a very small percentage, just saying a lot of uncertainty in the world in terms of access to additional capital, particularly in the capital markets, and so we're going to prioritize our discovery assets well. Having said that, the inflows from the capital markets are increasingly better. Third quarter was better than the second, second better than the third. This will end up being a strong year. Venture capital inflows are at an all-time high. And pharma access to capital for pharmaceutical companies is probably at an all-time high. So again, we feel strongly that quality assets will be funded in one of those three incarnations or all of the above. So we're watching it closely as we just reiterated really not hearing a lot of conversations from clients saying, we really have to pause because we're worried about our cash. They're just pausing. So we're inferring that, which I think is the right inference, but Discovery is still a relatively small percentage of DSA. And so we're really thrilled with what we delivered in the third quarter. Optimistic about what we'll be able to deliver in the fourth quarter and pleased with the backlog that we have into fiscal '23.
Flavia Pease: If I may add, Dave, we started sharing the DSA backlog earlier this year. And I know that has been a slowdown in biotech funding going into this year. So we're now 11 months into the year. And every quarter, we have seen the DSA backlog increase sequentially and pretty substantially year-over-year. So we really haven't seen any slowdown on the DSA backlog that would point to any adjustments or anything being impacted by the biotech funding dynamics, which every quarter I know you all asked about. So we feel good, as Jim said, that we have a substantial portion of the backlog booked already for 2023.
David Windley: Excellent. I have to use the question for that one. Thank you. I did want to follow up on your comments around pricing and complexity. You did include some comments around pass-throughs in the deck today, which I think is the first time you've done that, maybe that might be my fault. I guess, I'd love for you to comment on that because, obviously, we do think that the pricing of some of the inputs to some of your studies has gone up just massively. And I guess the part that I wouldn't quite be able to follow is if you are treating those as pass-throughs, those would have a very dampening effect on your margin and we're not seeing that. And so maybe you could -- I know you're not going to get into great detail, but maybe help us understand the mechanics of that just a little bit?
Flavia Pease: Yeah. So Dave, you're correct that some costs have increased, and we are passing those increased costs to clients and keeping the same level of margin that we have whole. So they're neither dilutive or accretive to margin, if that makes sense.
David Windley: That does help. Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you could comment on how Solaris HemaCare growing in the quarter. I know that you guys obviously did a lot of work to sort of make changes earlier in COVID to sort of increase the growth of that part of the business. How is that sort of panning out in these current days?
James Foster: Panning out slowly. We've made a bunch of changes in that business. I think the two most fundamental changes in that business, the product line, the nature of the product line versus sort of off-the-shelf things and specialty items and also our access that social methodology to access donors. So all of that is now in place. We're optimistic that things will sequentially and continue to improve. But I would say it's improving slowly.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. So it's more of a cross the like 2023 kind of dynamic is the way we should think about that?
James Foster: We certainly hope so.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Got it. And then just in terms of the CDMO sales pipeline, we had heard that there were some sort of rebalancing efforts maybe between some biopharma sponsors in terms of having some internal capabilities for some of the CDMO work that they had developed during COVID and then potentially some dynamics in terms of using up some of that capacity versus starting to outsource as they grow. What have you heard on that front in terms of that? Are people sort of continuing to sort of outsource there? Is there any kind of residual like internal capacity demand or maybe you haven't actually been seeing that at all?
James Foster: I'd say that capacity is tight and expensive and the capabilities are complex, both in terms of analytical work and process development and ultimately scale up. It's inconceivable to us that biotech companies sort of large or medium would even contemplate this. There's a few big companies that we've heard of that have built their own space, less because they don't trust or like the external providers, but more about concerns about available capacity. So I think it's going to be a lot of work outsourced. There's going to be some work that's going to be internally -- facilities built internally and the work done internally. We'll see though whether that work is just for clinical trial lots or whether that will be commercial work as well. I think the biotech companies have done a wonderful job utilizing external resources to do their work. And so we have, we think, plenty of work and lots of conversations going on right now and have added incremental capacity and feel that we're in a good place to get our share of the pie.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Jim, maybe on the DSA side, talked a little bit about the backlog there. On the staffing piece, you've heard this earnings season from some of your peers, you've seen some labor shortages out there that prevented other companies from converting over a pretty strong demand backdrop and your guys' backlog is growing, as you talked about, you seem to be ahead of the curve there, kind of prioritized hiring late last year into early '22. Are you better positioned here now? Is there potential for share gains, given you're able to take on more work? How capacity-constrained are you guys given the labor side, maybe just talk through that a little bit?
James Foster: Yeah. We feel really good about our labor component. We've worked really hard at it for several years now, both in terms of starting wages, both in terms of numbers of recruiters, in terms of explicit career development opportunities so we can attract really talented people and keep them, I'm thinking about some of the cell and gene therapy folks that we've added over the last year or so. So in terms of numbers of people to initiate work or to continue to do work as we move into fiscal '23, we feel really good about where we're at. I think we got ahead and stayed ahead of the salary levels, both starting and otherwise for fiscal '22, and we had that embedded in our plan and in our guidance. While our '23 plan isn't done yet, we will do the same thing. We hope, I mean, yes. It's a little bit vague out there, but we will continue to be appropriately aggressive in terms of being able to bring in new folks. So we feel really good about our labor component. We feel really good about our capacity, available capacity at multiple sites. We feel really good about our pricing power. We feel really good about clients waiting a significant amount of time to initiate studies, getting in line and prioritizing what studies they want to do first, that's so new. We've been doing this for a long time, that sort of new the last couple of years. This is an industry that historically had some planned well, and there's lots of changes, but they really do have to plan well now, and that's, I think, holding us in good stead. So labor component is in a good place.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just on the capital deployment side. You guys obviously have some money coming in the door from the divestiture. Sounds like maybe near term, a little more priority on the debt paydown. But maybe just talk about, I guess, the M&A funnel. You guys are obviously executing on some of the more recent deals. Is it put a pause on that, pay down some debt? What's the right way to think about near-term priorities before you kind of get back to the normal kind of cadence there?
James Foster: So both Flavia and I will answer aspects of that question. I would say a couple of things. Number one, that we're deep into the integration of our cell and gene therapy assets, which obviously it has been more complex and more challenging than we thought given the nature of the science and the newness of the science and some of the challenges. So going well, really pleased with the facilities, the staff, the sales organization, the regulatory folks and new clients and also on sort of a massive marketing initiative to make sure that people understand that we're in this business. I think I want to use the word pause because we did the Explora deal. And we would do a small tuck in deal of a technology deal, depending on when it was available. We certainly don't always control the timing of these deals. But I would say that directionally, our balance sheet is increasingly in good shape to do some meaningful M&A. I don't want to say when that might be, except to say that we have multiple conversations going on right now with potential acquisition targets, almost all of which are owned by private equity. And we are always having conversations with them. I'll let Flavia answer what we're likely to do with the proceeds from Avian.
Flavia Pease: Yeah, Patrick. So thanks for the question. And we regularly evaluate obviously uses of capital. As Jim said, M&A has served us well and has been in strategic revert for the company for the growth for us to acquire the scientific wherewithal to distinguish us with our clients. But in the short term, the near term, we're likely to focus our capital priorities on that repayment. And so I would expect a portion of the Avian proceeds to indeed go towards paying down debt. And we'll continue to look at capital priorities. We discussed it regularly with our Board, and we'll continue to evaluate other uses. But in the short term, likely a sizable portion of the Avian proceeds will go towards debt paydown, especially given the high interest expense -- interest rate environment that we're in right now.
Patrick Donnelly: Appreciate all the color. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Casey Woodring: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in. Can you guys just talk towards the volume growth in DSA in the quarter? How much of that was just based on the increased capacity that you had come online? And then also just wanted to get a sense on if volumes are trending meaningfully higher than where maybe you had expected them to be heading into 2023, maybe at the time of the initial initiation of guidance and maybe versus even several months ago. And then just as a follow-up, I don't think I called a backlog growth number for DSA. I'm wondering if you could provide that. And if you have any line of sight towards double-digit growth in DSA next year, I think the Street has you at 9% in 2023 for DSA growth. Thanks.
James Foster: So we worked really hard for a number of years, probably longer than I recall, probably approaching a decade actually of adding incremental capacity at multiple locations simultaneously every year. And then that was increasing as the size of the business has increased. And we have to build it 12 months to 24 months in advance. So we have to call it right now -- so we're building space in that right now. We have to call that for the end of '23 and much of '24. So to some extent, we have to be present. It does help, obviously, to have so much backlog and so much in the future and so much demand and us having such a strong franchise. So yeah, we're getting a lot of volume. We're, for sure, taking share. That's our goal and necessity. We have new companies, 300, 400 new companies every year that are going to need safety assessment eventually, and we want to have as much of that work as possible. We have a lot of big pharma work increasingly so and intensifying and obviously, a lot of mid and large biotech. Lot of share gains from competition and a lot of just de novo work that wasn't available for anybody. So we will continue to hopefully get price. We will continue to hopefully get volume as we have the space. We were very careful not to build too much incremental capacity so that we're swimming in and it adversely impacts our operating margins by the same token. Particularly if you look at last year, where we definitely crush our operating plan, it was very important that we had incremental space, and we were able to take on new business. You want to answer the other part?
Flavia Pease: Yeah. Sure. And Casey, just a couple of additional comments before I give you the backlog number. I think as Jim pointed out, it's incumbent upon us to get it all right, right? We have to have physical capacity, expanding our facilities at the appropriate time, not too soon, not too late. We have to have the people. I think Patrick asked about that. We feel really good that we got ahead, if you will. And you saw, when we provided guidance earlier in the year, we talked about a stronger second half for DSA, which I think there might have been some skeptics out there but we are seeing that materializing in the volume acceleration in the second half vis-a-vis the first half as all of those folks that we hire now become productive, they're out of training, and they can really be available to support the strong client demand that we're seeing and allow us to gain share, as Jim said. So I think we really have done a nice job of ensuring we had the available physical labor input capacity available to absorb the increase in demand. In terms of the backlog, the backlog in the third quarter was $3.2 billion. So it was about 7.5% sequentially growth versus the second quarter.
Casey Woodring: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jacob Johnson: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Just one, on the CDMO business, you call out that you don't expect it to meaningfully improve until next year. So as we think about improvement into 2023 as Derik and Dave alluded to, there was CDMO talking about the funding environment impacting their development pipeline yesterday. I'm just curious any thoughts on kind of the demand backdrop for CDMO services as we think about kind of that business returning to growth next year? Thanks.
James Foster: Yeah. So we are optimistic about next year. It's a business that has limited providers, both of the services or the products required. So that provides enormous opportunity for us going back to the previous question about clients doing it themselves. 3,000-ish molecules, at least two-thirds of which are in a preclinical domain. So there's an awful lot of work available. So we've been working hard to have the right staff, the right facilities and the right dialogue for the clients know that we're deep in this in concert with our biologics business, which gives us, I think, a competitive advantage, also in concert with our Safety Assessment business. So we feel really good about our portfolio and the ability to service a whole range of cell and gene therapy customers across the whole CDMO really paradigm.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Justin Bowers: Hi. Good morning. Could you give us a sense of what the growth was for the QC business and manufacturing? And then, gosh, I mean, I think it's been like eight to 10 years since Todd and I went in depth on the Avian business. But if I recall, there is some seasonality to that. Can you just remind us of that as we just think about modeling?
James Foster: Yeah. So we're not going to break out the growth rates and the specific pieces of manufacturing, except to say that we were pleased with the growth rate of Microbial, I'm pleased with the growth rate of Biologics. And not pleased with the growth rate of Avian, which is why we sold it. I don't think that business was particularly seasonal, by the way. We had a pretty consistent client orders sort of a long period of time for almost entirely Avian Vaccines, a little bit of human flu. So it was time to divest that business.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. And I would just add that the other component of manufacturing is obviously the CDMO business. And to Jim's point, while agent strategically, we have determined not to be the best fit with our strategic aspirations and ambitions. The biggest headwind, I would say, currently in manufacturing is CDMO, as we have talked about in the second quarter earnings.
Justin Bowers: Yeah. I got it. For some reason, I thought I recall like the first quarter, there was kind of an outsized contribution there, but it's -- that's clearly not the case. Maybe just a quick follow-up on what's kind of like the rule of the thumb for every kind of one point move in FX on the year in terms of like the operating profit impact?
Flavia Pease: Yeah. I think Justin, we can take that offline with you. There...
Justin Bowers: Okay.
Flavia Pease: We have exposure into various different currencies. So it's hard to give you a precise impact on -- depending on which currency it moves, it can have more or less of an impact. So it's not one point equals x.
Justin Bowers: Got it. I'll take the rest offline. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to John Sourbeer with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Sourbeer: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just one on the CDMO and cell and gene therapy manufacturing and just the turnaround recovery next year. Do you see any areas of gaps or maybe areas that could be complementary within the portfolio there that invest in organically or inorganically that could help accelerate that turnaround into next year?
James Foster: Not really. I mean we probably have some settled gaps that as this business matures and strengthens that we'll take a look at. I think while it's possible to do it organically, it's probably some modest amount of M&A. But I wouldn't say that any of those issues are getting in the way of the growth of development of business. So I think it's -- we feel that we're making all the right moves to strengthen it, to access clients to distinguish our portfolio from the competition and to have both the space and the people and the regulatory acumen to move work forward, certainly into the clinic and hopefully, eventually into a commercial genre.
Flavia Pease: Yeah. And I'll just add, I think in the second quarter earnings, we talked about, obviously, what we've learned in the CDMO as we took the assets, they're longer sales cycles. But I think actually, at this point, those longer sales cycles and the efforts that we have been doing and putting in our BT teams are very prudent us having good visibility into potential opportunities for next year. So we feel good, not only that we're going to have easier comps, but that we have line of sight to the underlying demand that Jim talked about.
John Sourbeer: Got it. Thank you for taking the question.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Leonard with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Just a question for you, Flavia. I just want to make sure I'm clear on how you're framing interest expense for 2023. Did you say that if rates go up by 100 basis points today, then the starting point for interest expense is $119 million for '23 or is there a different base on what you're calculating this sensitivity?
Flavia Pease: So I just -- I provided -- I tried to provide some help for you guys is, how you model that. In 2023, about a 100 basis point change in interest rates would resulted about $9 million of impact to our interest expense. It's -- to your point, this year, because the Fed has moved pretty much every quarter, right? And every quarter, we have updated our interest expense outlook, it's hard to establish from which base. So I just wanted to provide you some modeling help that for next year, 100 basis points is worth $9 million.
Dan Leonard: Would the Q4 number be a good base, the Q4 run rate be a good base to calculate from?
Flavia Pease: You have different bases. So every quarter, it's going to be a little bit different. That's why it's challenging given what has been the escalating interest rate high this year.
Dan Leonard: Okay. I understand. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Max Smock with William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christine Rains: Hi. It's Christine Rains on for Max Smock. Just one for me. So for the DSA business, if you're willing, how much of the 20.8% organic growth is coming from price increases? Assuming that you're not willing to quantify that, what do you currently view as the more normalized sustainable growth in demand for both Discovery and toxicology? Thank you.
James Foster: Not going to give you the pricing and we really don't want to unpack it. So we're really pleased with both the volume growth and the pricing power in that business, which has improved pretty much sequentially year after year as the demand has increased as our competitive posture and capabilities have increased. So we're happy to be getting share, taking share and getting paid well for our business. We're very pleased with the improvement in operating margin in the third quarter. And particularly pleased with the volume of work that's already booked into fiscal '23.
Christine Rains: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning. So a quick one on safety assessment here. Is there any color you can share on proposal volume growth in the quarter? And Jim, if you can comment on lead times. I mean, do you see those sort of moderating at all sequentially or are they still where they were a couple of quarters ago for the business?
James Foster: Proposal volume, we're busy, lots of proposals and lots of work being booked. Don't really see any rationale structurally demand-wise or otherwise and why things would moderate. We'll talk more about as we finish the year and throughout the year. And obviously, but our competitive posture seems to continue to strengthen. Pricing power, as I said, continues to strengthen and there's a lot of work. Clients are really busy with a whole range of large and small molecules, a lot of cell and gene therapy work. And so the thing that we've seen the most of is prioritization of what drugs they want to get in earlier. We tried to accommodate that. We also -- we didn't have it in our prepared remarks, but we do have some clients that have signed up a dedicated space with us. I think that's a really important happening and really an important sort of commentary on both the acknowledgment on the client's part that they need some vehicle to move relatively to the front of the line. So we'd be surprised if we don't see more arrangements like that.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And a quick follow-up on RMS, a near-term one and then sort of the medium-term one. So in the near term, Jim, can you just comment on thoughts on RMS margins in China and how you see those trending? And can you just pass out how much of the headwind there was from your expansion plans versus other factors? And then the medium-term question was related to this FDA Modernization Act. How are you thinking about that over the medium term for the animal model side of things? And are you starting to hear anything from your clients at all on that?
James Foster: So China has been a place with strong growth rate and good margins, some pricing power. And a lot of that is associated with access to incremental animals and other geographic locals in a very large country. So we've continued to increase capacity, both for the product and the service side in RMS in China, and really, we're pleased with the results. And while we definitely have competition over there, most of its local and most of it is much less sophisticated from an animal quality and veterinary point of view. The dialogue about in-vitro technologies, 3D models, AI, I mean, all of that is not new. We're interested and have always been interested at Charles River in making sure that a minimal amount of animals are used and used appropriately for studies. We've seen the mix in animal models over the years with more refined, higher ASP models, so hypertensive animals, immunocompromised animals, double, triple quadruple immuno-compromised animals, inbreds, hybrids, et cetera., with higher ASPs and less sort of outbred models. I'd say a couple of things that, while I think there's a desire on the part of -- we have a public maybe for there to be a reduction or replacement of new technologies for animal models. And by the way, we see most of those technologies, they will not provide a sufficient safety profile. Most -- many of the drugs, many of the diseases for which we have drugs scientists don't understand the mechanism of action in most diseases. If we don't have drugs, they definitely don't understand the mechanism of action. So trying to replicate that the computer of cell culture or ex vivo system is very complicated, and it's unlikely that the drug companies would take the time to validate those technologies or the regulatory agencies with would be comfortable with that. Yeah. I think it's a little bit different with Discovery. So that's regulated safety. So we don't see any changes. You're going to need a whole animal model to get good results and in most cases, two different species. On the Discovery side, most of the big pharma companies have their own in vitro screens, which they don't share with anybody else. We've made a couple of investments right now in AI and machine learning. We'll make more investments in AI and machine learning. And we can see a time where some of the early discovery answers pre getting into animals, could be done in vitro and could be done faster. I think that's one of the places that we will all save time. So a little bit of a tale of two cities.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Super helpful. Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Daley with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Timothy Daley: Great. Thanks for the time. Just a quick modeling question for me. So the comps for DSA growth eased from 3Q to 4Q. And historically, there's been a bit of a sequential lift in the dollar revenues into the fourth quarter. So just curious, is there anything specific that you all are seeing today, which would limit quarter-over-quarter expansion in either the revenue dollars or the percent organic growth in DSA in the year?
Flavia Pease: No, I don't think so. Just remember, Tim, that there's also a 53rd week this year that I alluded to. So from a reported perspective, there's going to be that impact.
Timothy Daley: All right. Great. Thanks. Thats it from me.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions. I'll turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you all at upcoming conferences. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's Charles River Laboratories third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 14:15:02) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.   I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast.  This morning I am joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2022. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During the call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Our financial results reflect the sustained trends that continue to support our businesses and resulted in 9.5% organic revenue growth in the second quarter. These trends were offset by headwinds from our CDMO business and foreign exchange, which were the factors that led to the revised second quarter outlook in early June and coupled with interest rates have intensified since then leading to today's reduction in our revenue growth and earnings per share guidance for the full year. We believe that our guidance for the year appropriately reflects the current macroeconomic environment with regard to foreign exchange, interest rates and cost inflation, which have changed dramatically since the beginning of the year. I would also like to note that our revised guidance does not reflect any meaningful slowdown in biotech client activity, as biotechs continue to be the principle driver of revenue growth and demand remains healthy. In fact, we are pleased that our DSA and RMS segments remain on track to achieve their initial revenue outlooks for the year of mid-teens and high single digit, organic growth respectfully. Our largest business, Safety Assessment, continues to benefit from a growing backlog that is well above the prior year level and solid booking activity. As usual, we continue to monitor key performance indicators and are having regular conversations with our biopharma clients, whose spending patterns for the safety assessment programs to date remain largely unaffected by any change in biotech funding. Our Discovery Services businesses, which only represents about 15% of DSA segment revenue, is experiencing longer decision making processes by some clients to initiate new projects. Before I provide more details on these trends, let me provide highlights of our second quarter performance and updated outlook for the year. We reported revenue of $973.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, a 6.4% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 9.5% was driven by strong performances from the DSA and RMS segments partially offset by a low growth rate in the manufacturing segment. Due to the CDMO performance the lower than expected CDMO revenue reduced the organic revenue growth rate by slightly more than a 100 basis points in the second quarter.  The operating margin was 21.8% an increase of a 100 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was driven by the DSA segment as well as lower unallocated corporate costs, reflecting actions we have taken to responsibly manage our expenses. Earnings per share were $2.77 in the second quarter, an increase of 6.1% from the second quarter of last year. Low double digit operating income growth was largely offset by higher interest expense and tax rate compared to the prior year. Second quarter earnings per share were in line with our revised outlook, despite incremental pressure from the lower revenue from our CDMO business, the strengthening dollar and rising interest rates over the past two months. These factors are the primary reason for the reduction of our revenue growth and earnings per share guidance for the full year. We now expect revenue growth in a range of 9% to 11% on a reported basis and 10% to 12% on an organic basis. For the year foreign exchange is now expected to reduce the reported growth rate by 350 basis points or 200 basis points more than we forecast in May. And the lower than expected CDMO revenue is expected to be 150 to 175 basis point drag on the organic growth rate in 2022. Non-GAAP earnings per share guidance is expected to be in a range of $10.70 to $10.95, which represents a reduction of $0.80 at the midpoint. Foreign exchange and interest expense generated a combined headwind of approximately $0.40 since early June. Flavia will provide more details on these non-operating items shortly. Tempered expectations for our CDMO business in the near term are the primary driver of the remainder of the earning shortfall and are a result of several factors. First, following last year's completion of a large COVID vaccine production contract at our Cognate UK site, we are retooling the production suites and retraining staff to return the capacity to its original purpose, producing plasmids, which is taking longer than expected. We have also invested time and resources in preparing for regulatory audits and upgrading other sites to CGMP production quality. These actions will generate new business opportunities in the future, but they have had a near term impact on the business. Furthermore, like the Early Discovery acquisition in 2014, the business development process for cell and gene therapy, CDMO services is highly technical and scientifically complex, requiring longer lead times for clients to place new projects and partner with us across our expanded offering. We are making good progress bringing our cell and gene therapy services together and working towards these businesses becoming fully integrated within themselves and with our broader portfolio. With regard to the integration of last year's Cognate and Vigene acquisitions, we have implemented a refined vision and a strategy for our combined CDMO business, which includes developing centers of excellence for plasmids at our Cognate UK operations for viral vectors at Vigene in Rockville, Maryland, and for gene modified cell therapy production in Memphis, Tennessee. We believe this new structure will provide us with a distinct competitive advantage because it will enable us to optimize our internal processes and offer clients greater flexibility, efficiency, and enhanced speed for the development and go-to-market efforts. We have also strengthened the management teams and are rebuilding the CDMO sales teams, creating more contact points with clients as we endeavor to further strengthen the pipeline of new projects. We are also adding new capabilities through modest facility expansions. As we announced in June, we are expanding our Alderley Park, UK operation as part of our center of excellence for plasmids. And we are upscaling other sites for regulatory compliance and commercial readiness. We are very pleased to report that our Memphis site was recently audited and approved by European regulatory authorities or the EMA to commercially manufacture cell therapies. This is a significant accomplishment that prepares us to undertake future commercial projects. We are encouraged that these developments will help improve the performance of the CDMO business next year. Like Early Discovery, we believe our CDMO business is an integral part of our essential portfolio because it enables clients to access a comprehensive solution for cell and gene therapy, research development and production from one scientific partner.  Clients are continuing to require high quality, scientifically differentiated solutions in the cell and gene therapy sector. And this will only intensify as more therapies are commercialized. As a result, we believe that CDMO growth opportunity remains robust, that we have the right scientific capabilities in place to be a uniquely ideal partner for our clients. I will now provide details on the second quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue for the DSA segment was $591.9 million in the second quarter, a 12.9% year-over-year increase on an organic basis. We are very pleased that the DSA organic growth rate improved by 340 basis points from the first quarter level and reached the low double-digit range as previously expected. This performance reinforces our expectation that there will be meaningful DSA growth accelerations throughout the year. Based on demand and backlog trends, including working through higher pricing already booked, we continue to expect that the growth rate will approach 20% in the second half, tracking to our initial plan. Higher demand and meaningful price increases throughout the sequential growth acceleration in the Safety Assessment business in the second quarter.  The second quarter backlog increased on a sequential basis and also continued to be significantly above prior year levels. The backlog, coupled with solid booking activity in a second quarter, firmly supports our second half outlook. Clients are emphasizing speed, steady lead times and the availability of space today more so than price when determining which CRO to partner with for their preclinical programs. This year, several clients have chosen to secure space with us in a take or pay arrangement to reserve this study space in advance. We anticipate that additional clients will agree to similar terms to secure space. Our speed and flexibility when working with clients, our superior client service and our broad scientific expertise, continue to resonate with clients and differentiate us from the competition. With our capacity well utilized both in terms of people and infrastructure, we continue to implement new operational initiatives and evaluate others to enhance labor utilization and infrastructure efficiency, as well as study scheduling. We also believe that we are better positioned to accommodate a higher demand that we are forecasting in the second half of the year because of the significant number of staff that we hired over the past year. And because of the strong backlog, we believe that we have excellent visibility in the Safety Assessment business and are confident that the anticipated DSA growth acceleration will continue in 2022. For next year we already have a large portion of our Safety Assessment revenue booked into backlog. The revenue growth rates of the Discovery Services business, improved meaningfully from the first quarter level, as expected. As I noted, we are experiencing some lengthening in the time clients take to commit to and begin new projects. And given the shorter term nature of the backlog and project cycles for this business, it's expected to slow the Discovery growth rate for the remainder of the year. Our technology partnership strategy has been a very successful means of broadening our portfolio, since it has enabled us to continue to add cutting edge scientific capabilities across many of our businesses with limited risk. We continue to believe our clients willingness to outsource more of their Discovery programs will be predicated on our ability to provide them with innovative capabilities to meet their critical research needs. The DSA operating margin increased by 180 basis points to 25.3% in the second quarter due to increased pricing and leverage from the investments in staff to support higher study volume. For the year we continue to expect DSA operating margin will improve as the growth rate accelerates, and we continue to leverage staffing investments. RMS revenue was $186.4 million, an increase of 8.5% on inorganic basis over the second quarter of 2021 and in line with our high single digit outlook for the year. Organic revenue growth was driven by strong demand and meaningful price increases in the Research Models business in North America, as well as for Global Research Models Services, particularly Insourcing Solutions and GEMS. The RMS growth rate did not improve from the first quarter level as previously anticipated due primarily to the Research Models business in China. Revenue for our China business increased, but due to COVID-related restrictions in the Beijing and Shanghai regions, the growth rate was limited and reduced the RMS growth rate by just under 200 basis points in the second quarter. These restrictions in China have now been eased and the overall revenue impact will be modest. So RMS is still on track to achieve its outlook for the year. Research Models & Services also had another excellent quarter led by the Insourcing Solutions and GEMS businesses. Insourcing Solutions growth was driven by the CRADL initiative or Charles River Accelerator and Development Lab, which provides turnkey research capacity to small and large biopharmaceutical clients in key bio hubs. Clients are increasingly adopting this flexible model to access laboratory space without having to invest in internal infrastructure. The acquisition of Explora BioLabs in April, came at an opportune time enabling us to provide clients with additional capacity and scientific capabilities principally on the West Coast. It also added a new growth engine for the RMS segment by allowing us to accommodate more of our biopharmaceutical clients' needs, particularly biotech clients who have limited or no internal infrastructure in which to conduct research. Demand for CRADL and Explora continues to be robust and Explora had an excellent first quarter as part of Charles River. We are continuing to expand the footprint of CRADL and Explora to support growth and have added new facilities in California and London in the second quarter with the goal of operating at least 25 vivarium facilities with over 300,000 square feet of turnkey rental capacity by the end of 2022. CRADL and Explora also provide us with a new and unique pathway to connect with clients at earlier stages, as these clients will be able to easily access additional services across the comprehensive discovery and non-clinical development portfolio. We are very pleased with the performance of this business and delighted to welcome Explora to Charles River. In the second quarter the RMS operating margin declined by 250 basis points to 24.9% driven primarily by the COVID related revenue impact in China. Explora has healthy margins for a service business and had an excellent second quarter, but is it  it is expected to be a small margin headwind to the RMS segment for the remainder of the year, as it continues to open new sites. Revenue for the manufacturing segment was $194.8 million, an increase of 1% on an organic basis reflecting lower revenue in the CDMO business as discussed, as well as a challenging prior year comparison for the Biologics Testing and Microbial Solutions businesses with a 26.6% segment organic growth in the second quarter of last year. Both of these businesses are expected to generate revenue growth that approach their targeted levels of the year. The growth prospects for these legacy manufacturing quality controlled businesses remain robust, and they will continue to be principally driven by demand for biologic drugs including cell and gene therapies and other complex biologics. Cell and gene therapies will continue to be the primary growth driver for our manufacturing segment, reflecting the rapid increase in the number of cell and gene therapy programs and development. Today more than 3,000 cell and gene therapy programs are in the pipeline, a number which has grown at an average rate above 20% over the last three years. With approximately 70% of programs in a preclinical phase and less than 5% of programs in Phase 3 clinical trials or later we expect these advanced drug modalities will continue to fuel robust biologic testing growth and generate new business opportunities for the CDMO business particularly as additional therapies reach commercial approval. We believe our consolidated Biologics Solutions offering will provide incremental opportunities for clients to streamline their biologics development workflows and conduct their analytical testing, process development and manufacturing activities with Charles River. The manufacturing segments operating margin declined by 460 basis points to 28.6% in the second quarter of 2022, almost entirely driven by the CDMO business. We have taken actions to manage costs and investment both in the CDMO business and in other areas in order to limit the impact of the revenue shortfall for the year. With regard to our company-wide capital priorities, we have built an excellent foundation for cell and gene therapy solutions since 2020 through M&A and we will focus on integrating these enhanced scientific capabilities as well as all of our recent acquisitions. While we will still evaluate strategic acquisitions, we intend to focus on debt repayment for the remainder of the year. We also continue to diligently monitor key performance indicators and modify plans for investments, including hiring and capacity expansions should the growth prospects for business change. In this regard we are strategically aligning our hiring and facility expansion plans for our CDMO business, with the current and projected growth rate. Our goal is to balance the need to continue to make disciplined investments to support our growing businesses while responsibly controlling costs and enhancing value for our shareholders. We have reset our financial outlook for 2022 to account for the escalating headwinds that have emerged throughout the year. We remain well positioned to deliver low-double-digit organic revenue growth for the year and stable operating margins, amidst today's challenging macroeconomic environment. Furthermore, we continue to believe that Charles River is a stronger company today than it has ever been and the partner of choice for our clients' non-clinical development needs. Clients are increasingly choosing to partner with us for our flexible and efficient outsourcing solutions, the scientific depth and breadth of our portfolio and our unwavering focus on seamlessly serving the diverse needs. With that I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their support. Now Flavia will provide additional details on a second quarter financial performance and 2022 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, gains or losses from our venture capital and other strategic investment and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2022. As Jim mentioned, we delivered solid results in the second quarter including 9.5% organic revenue growth and the 100 basis points of operating margin improvement. Despite the challenges related to our CDMO business and unfavorable movements in foreign exchange and interest rates. These headwinds also led to the $0.80 reduction in our earnings per share guidance for the year to a range of $10.70 to $10.95 with half of the reduction resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign exchange and interest expense since early June. Since we provided our initial guidance at the beginning of the year, non-operating items including foreign exchange and interest expense as well as lower than expected tax benefit from stock-based compensation will reduce earnings per share by approximately $0.65 for the year. We expect to generate low-double digit organic revenue growth in a range of 10% to 12% supported by strong trends in most of our businesses. We also expect reported revenue growth in a range of 9% to 11%. As Jim mentioned, lower revenue in our CDMO business is expected to reduce our revenue growth by 150 basis points to 175 basis points. And foreign exchange is expected to reduce the reported growth rate by an additional 200 basis points. Jim spoke about the impact from the CDMO business. So I'll provide more details on foreign exchange and interest expense, which are expected to reduce 2022 EPS by approximately $0.40 since early June. The reason dramatic strengthening of the U.S. dollar has resulted in foreign exchange, being more of a headwind than previously anticipated. Since we revise our outlook in early June, foreign exchange has reduced revenue by an incremental 200 basis points and earnings per share by nearly $0.25 for the year assuming the near current spot rate in our guidance. The foreign exchange rates that we are assuming for the reminder of the year are included on Slide 31. The federal reserve rates increases in mid-June resulted in a meaningful headwind to our 2022 earnings per share guidance with approximately half of our $3 billion debt on a floating rate, rate increases will be the primary driver of the $8 million increase in our adjusted net interest expense for the year, which is now in a range of $106 million to $110 million. In the second quarter total adjusted net interest expense was $22.9 million, an increase of $2.5 million sequentially and $2.1 million year-over-year due primarily to higher debt balances from recent acquisitions and rate increases earlier in the year. The current interest rate on our revolving credit facility are based on library plus 112.5 basis point spread at our current leverage, about 80% of our floating rate debt is denominated in U.S. dollars using the one-month LIBOR rate. We have factored the Federal Reserve's 70 basis point increase in July into our updated outlook and have assumed that rates will increase by an additional 100 basis points before year end. At the end of the second quarter, our $3 billion outstanding debt balance represented a gross leverage ratio of 2.8 times and a net leverage ratio of 2.7 times. As Jim mentioned, we plan to focus our capital deployment priorities on that repayment for the reminder of the year. I will now provide additional details on our financial performance and outlook. On a segment basis our revised revenue growth outlook for 2022 primarily reflects the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and the impact of lower than expected revenue for the CDMO business. On a reported basis we now expect revenue growth rates for the manufacturing segment in the high-single-digit range, DSA in the low-teams, and RMS unchanged in the high single digits. Our organic revenue growth guidance for the DSA and RMS segments remains unchanged at mid-teens and high-single-digits respectively. Based on the previously mentioned headwinds, we have reduced our organic growth outlook for the manufacturing segment to the mid-single-digits. Despite the revised revenue outlook for the year we expect consolidated operating margin to be essentially flat with 2021. We are perfectly managing costs to limit the margin impact and hold operating margin. We continue to expect the DSA segment will generate operating margin improvement in 2022. However, the RMS and manufacturing operating margins are expected to be lower due to the impact of the Explora acquisition and the softer CDMO performance respectively. Lower than expected CDMO results are forecasted to create a second half headwind of nearly 100 basis points to the consolidated operating margin. Lower unallocated corporate costs contributed to the operating margin improvement for the second quarter. Corporate costs total 4.1% of revenue or $40.2 million compared to 5.6% last year with a decrease primarily due to discretionary cost controls reduced fringe related costs and lower performance based compensation costs. As a result, we now expect unallocated costs to be approximately 5% of total revenue for the year compared to our previous guidance of a mid-5% range. The second quarter tax rate was 21.1% representing a 70 basis point increase from the same period last year. The increase was due to lower benefit associated with stock based compensation resulting from the lower stock price partially offset by discrete tax benefit. For the full year, we continue to expect the tax rate will be within the low 20% range on a non-GAAP basis, which is unchanged from the outlook we provided in May. The cash flow was $66.6 million in the second quarter compared to $140.2 million last year. The year-over-year decrease of more than $70 million was primarily due to higher capital expenditures and unfavorable changes in working capital. Capital expenditures were 82.9 million in the second quarter compared to $46.4 million last year, primarily as a result of planned projects to accommodate future growth. Based on our lower earnings expectations for the full year, we have moderated our free cash flow guidance to approximately $360 million or $90 million below our prior outlook. We expect capital expenditures to decline by $20 million from our previous outlook to approximately $340 million in 2022. We always strive to be disciplined with our capital investments and align extension plans with our growth outlook, which led to the modest reduction in CapEx for the year. We also remain confident on our future growth potential. So we intend to continue to perfectly invest in our growing businesses, particularly in safety assessment, which requires additional capacity to accommodate client demands. A summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on Slide 40. For the third quarter we expect revenue growth in the high-single-digits on a reported basis, reflecting the incremental foreign exchange headwinds. On an organic basis we expect at least low double-digit growth as a result of improvement in both the DSA and manufacturing segments from the second quarter levels. Third quarter earnings per share is expected to decline to a high-single-digit rate from last year's $2.70 due to margin pressure on the manufacturing and RMS segments, as well as meaningfully higher interest expense and tax rate, which is creating a combined $0.30 headwind compared to prior year. In closing, we continue to be focused on the focused on the execution of our strategy, enhancing the speed and efficiency in which we operate and delivering solid financial and operational results in today's macroeconomic environment. We believe that significant growth potential continues to exist as our clients seek to find cures for unmet medical needs and do so by using breakthrough technologies and new drug modalities that will only enhance demand for our leading non-clinical development solutions. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments and we will now take questions.
Operator:  We will take our first question from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning everyone.
Jim Foster: Hey Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, so Jim, so the question I'm getting from clients essentially boils down to something like this is like, I mean, given that everyone's sort of concerned about the outlook for biotech and particularly DSA. I mean, why not  why not use this as an opportunity in the quarter to basically trim the guide a little bit more; put another way it's like how much conservatism is built into your DSA guide there? And do you have enough buffer in sort of like offset any headwinds that goes on with it? I mean, I know you're not saving right now, but I mean, just what's the buffer that sort of you built into it?
Jim Foster: Yes. We feel really good about our guidance. We have really strong backlog in safety assessment at escalating prices, higher volume staffing to do it, capacity to do it, and kind of no dialogue at our clients about spending concerns. We're watching our costs closely. We've indicated that it's taken a little bit longer for the Discovery folks to commit and book studies. So that's embedded in this  in the updated guidance. So we think we're calling this accurately. I don't think I would call it conservative. I think I would call it realistic just given the sort of unprecedented length of the backlog and the strength of the pricing.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. And one follow-up if I may. How sustainable the pricing gains? Do you think you can still take price going to 2023?
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean, it's early to comment on 2023 except that we booked meaningful amounts of studies already in 2023 at higher prices. I think our competitive strength and capacity, availability and as I said a moment ago, additional staff and given the complexity  increasing complexity of the studies, particularly kind of specialty work, if we had to call it today we would say that we'll continue to have pricing power well in the next year.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks. Good morning. So I have a couple. First in the DSA segment you've got a  as was just mentioned you have a very strong growth rate expected in the second half. Is this an immediate jump up to that 20% level or is it more weighted to 4Q? I'm curious about the phasing and then as part of that with discovery growth moderated, it appears that the clear signal is that safety actually could be growing above 20%. So a couple of comments on the direction and the color of the growth rate in DSA would be helpful? And then my other question is performance based compensation reduction mentioned in the prepared remarks. How much did that aid 2Q operating profit or is that reduction expected in the second half? So just trying to get a sense on the magnitude of the benefit of reducing accruals for performance space comp? Thanks so much.
Jim Foster: Yes. I'll take the first part. Flavia, you can take the second question. So the safety assessment revenue builds through the back half of the year, third quarter, and then the fourth. Now the pricing gets increasingly stronger and the volume is significant and that continues to be a commentary on the demand quotient on how little internal capacity most of our clients have and their desire and need to get drugs through the preclinical stages and files with the FDA. So we  again we feel  we feel good about that. I think, as we said multiple times, its unprecedented demand. I know the growth rate seems extremely high and it is, but it's compared to slow first quarter with pricing wasn't quite as strong. So we feel good about that and we feel that we've taken into consideration some accommodations slow down in commitments that the discovery folks have indicated. And Discovery is only 15% of the DSA, so it's pretty much how safety goes, so does DSA and we feel really good about that. Flavia, your comment on the second part.
Flavia Pease: Thanks Jim. Good morning, Eric, thanks for the question. And indeed the second quarter corporate cost benefited from lower performance based compensation as you mentioned as we adjusted our forecast for the year we threw up the approval there that is not going to continue in the second half of the year. So it was basically in the second quarter.
Eric Coldwell: Flavia, should we just look at the delta and what you reported versus perhaps where you were or what expectations were as the impact or were there other offsetting factors to consider?
Flavia Pease: In the second half as we pointed out, there will be additional offsetting factors of the CDMO headwinds continuing. So in the second quarter you had the benefit of corporate at lower level that is not going to continue in the second half.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi, thank you very much. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Perhaps a slightly different version of Derik Eric's question on, on your demand outlook, I guess, Jim there's  we see fairly broad kind of acceptance of the idea that that as funds get a little more scarce that clients would kind of circle the wagons around their most important programs, those likely being the ones fairly advanced in the pipeline, and that might that might have some impact on earlier stage, less mature projects. And so I guess I'm wondering as you look at some of the CRO competitors that have commented on slowing decision cycles, you're seeing that in Discovery, why you  why it wouldn't be logical to say or it wouldn't be that surprising, I'll say it that differently. It wouldn't be that surprising if two, three, four months down the road safety assessment started to feel that as well, maybe you could help to shine a little bit more light. I know you're very confident about the demand in that environment, but why couldn't safety slow down and what reactions could you  what levers could you pull quickly to adjust to that if that were to happen?
Jim Foster: Dave, I can't guess as to what the future holds, I can  we can only respond to what we're hearing, what the dialogue is with our clients, pretty much daily or obviously asking these questions. And so we see we see the backlog continuing to build at higher prices. We hear virtually no commentary on the safety side about  concern about pricing. We see people booking way out, well into next year and some in the following year, we're just way out, we've never seen things like this before. We have several take a pay contracts to reserve space, which is totally new. So the demand portion seems to be sort of contrary to the way you ask the question. Having said that safety and Discovery are distinctly different animals, right? So safety is an activity that is essentially highly outsourced, new biotech companies have no internal capacity or desire to build any and big pharma is increasingly and rapidly outsourcing. So the marketplace is highly dependent on us, and we believe that people that have promising drugs will do everything they can to do the preclinical work, the GLP work and to get those to market. Whereas Discovery is a business that's more internally based with the clients both large and small and as you say, it's likely where people will pause or take longer to make commitments. So we  that's the situation in Discovery, we have a totally different situation in safety. We're watching it, if things suddenly began to change; I just don't think they could suddenly change given how far out we're booked. And so we have work to slide in whenever there is slippage or cancellations but obviously we would curtail hiring. And we would pull back our cost structure with travel and other things. We watch that very, very carefully. We do  we've hired people sufficiently to accommodate the work that we have booked and the demand that we have, which makes us feel even better about the back half of the year its capacity is pretty straightforward, headcount is much more complex. So having those people on board, I think gives us the confidence that we'll be able to deliver the guidance that we have just updated today.
Dave Windley: Excellent. If I could  if I could ask last quarter, I know you don't usually do it, but last quarter you did give us an update on that DSA backlog. I wondered if you do that and/or you've mentioned this take or pay deals, what percentage of your backlog do those take or pay deals now represent? Thanks.
Jim Foster: It's small Dave. So they're not significant numbers, but as you and I have talked about for years were surprised people didn't do this a long time ago. So if you didn't have your own internal capacity and space was pretty tight and you had hot drugs and given the fact that it's a relatively small spend the preclinical versus the total spend of a drug, yes, we're a bit incredulous that people haven't done this earlier. But we have a lot of conversations going on. I don't think it's going to be a large proportion of our capacity or revenue, but it's a much more balanced supply/demand portion. I think it makes customers feel better about their ability to start really important studies earlier; I think the pricings really good. While we didn't give the number, the update's $3 billion, so the backlog has increased from the last time we gave those numbers. So it's really, really significant. We've  I understand we're much larger company, but we've never seen this sort of commitment that far out with better pricing. And as we said, in the prepared remarks, the questions are increasingly about do you do this kind of work? Do you have an opening for me? How quickly can we get that opening? And by the way, what's the price? Whereas as you know years ago the pricing conversation seem to be the first line of questioning, so it's a pretty solid demand curve that we're seeing.
Dave Windley: Great. Thank you for the answers.
Jim Foster: Sure Dave.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sandy Draper with Guggenheim.
Sandy Draper: Thanks so much. My question is on the CDMO side. And just trying to understand the dynamics, as you said you had the vaccine trial that that sort of wound down in your retooling and refill and capacity with plasma. I'm just trying to understand once you've done the retooling and the production sites and retrain the staff, is  did you have sort of an immediate backlog, a business that you can rent immediately, or once that's finished do you then go out and start selling that? I'm just trying to understand the timing between the  I'm assuming there's some expense in the retooling, and then when you can start generating that revenue coming back in? Any more commentary on that would be really appreciated. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure Sandy, happy to. We're out marketing this business and our whole CDMO portfolio as thoughtfully as possible. It's a new business for us. It reminds us of our Argenta and BioFocus, early Discovery acquisitions that we made in 2014. So it's an adjacency, it's new for us, in this case that was a chemistry deal in this case, it's new for the world. So there's a limited number of people doing cell therapy work. There's a limited number of people providing the  limited number of people with the drugs, small number of people doing the work and sort of a new regulatory oversight. So I think we're all sort of learning as we go. So I think as a general proposition it's a new area, its complex, the sale cycle is longer than we thought. We're recapitulating a fair amount of management, at sales organization where building out space, we're enhancing our regulatory capability. We were preparing for an audit like the successful EMA audit that we just had. We have clients that are talking to us about going commercial. And with this one particular facility that we talked about, we were primarily using that space for COVID vaccine production. And so I think clients begin to forget that this was a plasma production operation. So now I don't think we have an immediate backlog where people are going to jump on this, but we will ready to space. We will  this company was quite good at, at making this. I do think there's a shortage of plasma production generally in the marketplace and so there's a need for it. Look, everything is taking longer than we had anticipated from an overall integration point of view and from an overall market understanding where we are, but we're quite confident, particularly as we've refined the centers of excellence, which means we've got plasmas in the UK, we've got viral vectors in Maryland. We have cell therapy manufacturing benefits that those will provide a really great footprint to service the clients, particularly in addition, and in combination with our Biologics business, Microbial business to some extent safety. So everything is taking longer than we would like Sandy, definitely exacerbated by this contract and the retooling, but we're confident that the overall demand and the quality of the assets and our marketing acumen will hold us in good stead.
Sandy Draper: Thanks for the commentary Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi guys. Thanks so much for the question. Maybe just sort of following up on Sandy's question a little bit. So it sounds like from what you're saying, sort of between the retooling and the interest in sort of putting everything together that could take a couple of quarters. So is that sort of mean that we're like exiting the year sort of at a similar kind of like low-to-mid single digit kind of growth rate dynamic. Because it seems like from what you're saying in DSA as we exit the year, you're sort of like  from what you're saying about the backlog and the pricing and everything that seems like a set to continue kind of like double-digit growth, research models obviously had to hit from China, but otherwise the demand seems very strong there. So I'm just trying to sort of calibrate where we are sort of exiting the year versus some peoples fears regarding the broader economic environment?
Jim Foster: Is that a question about the whole portfolio or just manufacturing?
Elizabeth Anderson: Well, specifically, no, just like I was just trying to frame the question in general, but like specifically on manufacturing support, it seems like from what you were saying and answer to Sandy's question is that with the sort of the retooling and the certification and things like that, that could be sort of a multi quarter effort, but it sort of  it seems like you might be at sort of like mid-single-digits organic growth like exiting the year there.
Jim Foster: I think that's a good analysis. Probably mid-single the biologics and the microbial businesses will have a much stronger back half of the year and will kind of get back to approaching kind of the usual growth rates. The CDMO businesses, there's several businesses that we bought will do better and improve, but we'll still be way below what we anticipated when we started the year, when we gave you guidance should strengthen materially next year. But yes, I think mid-single is probably the right way to look at manufacturing for the full year.
Elizabeth Anderson: And sort of exit and  and sort of where we also end up at sort of the end of 4Q kind of range?
Jim Foster: Yes.
Flavia Pease: Yes. Maybe I'll jump in here as I think we commented the manufacturing segment as a whole will be forecasted organic growth of mid-single-digits as Jim said for the year. We had about 10% in the first quarter and reported 1% in the second quarter, you can do the math. It's probably going to be a little bit higher than mid-single in the second half if the full year is at mid-single, but so you are in the right fiscal.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christine Rains with William Blair.
Christine Rains: Good morning. And thanks for taking the question. Can you elaborate on the extended decision timelines for the Discovery business? Where are you seeing this is it across the Board in Discovery or any particular areas or client types? Thanks. 
Jim Foster: Now, I wouldn't say it's any particular areas. I would say it's the nature of the client base, it's largely biotech, there is lots of small companies that have no internal ability probably watching very closely their burn rates, working really hard to get things into safety and spending the money there and maybe have some things on hold. So, it's really been a kind of an interesting process, very active proposal levels, still sort of responses that we have the work or they intend to work with us, but taking longer to actually book the work and sign things. So there is a bit of a way to see attitude there. I guess that makes a fair amount of sense as the future is a little bit murky in terms of the funding paradigm. So I would say it's more the nature of the clients and less about the specific work. I think we have a really good portfolio there, fair amount of scale, very good lead into safety, good international footprint and, I think, we've done really good work for these folks for almost a decade now. So I don't think it's a commentary in any part about the business. It's more on just cautious nature of some of the clients.
Christine Rains: Thanks that's helpful.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Bowers with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Bowers: Hi, good morning. Two part questions sticking with manufacturing. So in terms of the EMA audit at the Memphis site, it sounds like you are preparing for another regulatory audit, is that at the same site or an additional site? And then how does that change the thinking around doing commercial production across the portfolio? And then the second part is the change in the outlook in manufacturing is that entirely CDMO or is there any changes in the back half outlook for biologics testing as well?
Jim Foster: So entirely CDMO. Rest of the segment is doing really nicely. And as I said, a moment ago, biologics, microbial will be approaching the kind of usual growth rates by the end of the year. We spent a lot of time getting ready for the CMA audit, that it's a big deal. I don't know whether we have any competition that has that. So the method facilitates, isn't just fabulous shape from enhanced management point of view, new capacity, a bunch of clients, several of whom are talking to us seriously about when they go commercial. I think you understand, I guess, the nature of the question is you have these audits because some company has filed for approval of their drug. So they actually be approved by the European regulatory authorities to commercially manufacture cell therapies is a huge undertaking and should hold us in good steps for commercial projects. I suspect we will have  Im not sure what the second part of your question. I suspect we will have additional audits both from European and U.S. authorities for additional drugs that are coming down the line. You don't have any  we have a lot of conversations with clients, we've had some milestones as these drugs get closer to commercialization. We have no idea if or when they will become commercial, but there is a high likelihood that some of these drugs are for very, very tough diseases with kind of unmet medical needs. And cell therapy looks like potentially the only way to treat them. So pretty optimistic about it and really enthused that we were able to get very successfully through this start up.
Justin Bowers: I appreciate the question.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Hey guys, good morning. And appreciate the time here. Jim back to Safety Assessment here, I know you kind of gave some colour on the DSA backlog, but curious as to what that proposal volume growth number looked like versus the 35% you had shared last time. And then when you think about sort of the pricing increases and those working through the backlog here similar to what you did with interest rates, are there any sort of future inflation increases basically baked into the pricing model or do you essentially move with a little bit of a lag if inflation continues to increase here perhaps in the back half of the year or into 2023?
Jim Foster: Yes, so we price the work that's booked in 2023 accordingly. We're assuming that certain inflation rate increases in our own cost. And so those  we certainly haven't booked those studies at today's prices. We have a meaningful and appropriate increases in cost given the complexity of our own P&L. I don't know the answer to the proposal volume question.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Fair enough.
Jim Foster: I don't think it's a number we generally give out.
Tejas Savant: Got it. And then one quick one on capital deployment makes complete sense that you are sort of prioritizing debt repayment, you are given the macro backdrop. But how are you sort of like offsetting that versus the risks that you perhaps might miss out in an opportunistic capacity add situation, particularly on the CDMO side?
Jim Foster: Yes, I mean we're appropriately investing in CapEx to provide enough capacity to accommodate the increased growth of our businesses. Principally safety, I'd say secondarily CDMO. If we don't have the space, as you say, we can't do the work. So we weren't inferring at all that we're starving any of our businesses. So capital, as you know, we have to drop the CapEx, I don't know, 12 to 24 months in advance. So we have to do today, what we're going to need in a year and a half or two years. So, I think we're funding the growth across multiple facilities, and multiple geographies and multiple businesses at the same time. Were going to focus on  we'll continue to look at M&A, but we're going to focus on paying down our debt in the short term though.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, thanks for taking the questions guys. Jim, obviously there have been a lot of questions about kind of the back half setup and into 2023, maybe if I can ask a little more directly about the 2023 setup, at the Analyst Day, obviously you guys guided towards kind of low double digit organic growth into 2023 and 2024 earnings growth above that. I guess as you sit here today, obviously you talked about the pricing and the backlog build. I guess what's the confidence level of 2023 setup again, being that low double digit organic growth, and then earnings above that given again, some of the moving pieces there with interest expense, inflation, whatever it may be? Can you just talk about the setup as we work our way into 2023? It might be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. It's pretty early to go there. We just kind of starting our 2023 operating plan work and we're kind of in the midst of a strategic plan for the next five years, trying to vet the cost structure of running our business, the macroeconomic environment, the competitive scenario and what the backlog looks like. So, I mean, I think, that all I can say is that we feel the current funding paradigm for most of our clients is really strong. We think that the host of new modalities to treat diseases is really impressive and we're participating pretty much across the Board. We have  half of our business is Safety, we've never seen backlogs like this at prices like this. And our competitive situation, both in terms of taking share and utilizing a broad portfolio continues to be better.  Because it's too early. We've talked about what our growth rate is going to be for this year. And as soon as we have something concrete to tell you we will.
Flavia Pease: I would just add, I think, Jim commented on the demand side of the business. I think I just want to remind everyone that the macroeconomic environment has changed dramatically since we provided our long-term targets over a year ago. So as you said, we will take the time to update our outlook for 2023 and beyond, and get back to you Patrick and everybody in due time.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood. Okay. And then just the quick one on RMS in the back half, you talked about the China headwinds in 2Q. Can you just talk about the back half setup, the key drivers there and what we should expect on the growth front for that business? Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes, that business is in really terrific shape. We've seen really strong sales in North America; China is our highest growth business, unless there is another situation with COVID, we think we're well past that. We have incremental capacity there. Services businesses are unusually strong both GEMS in particular and IS particularly we have the CRADL business. The acquisition that we did of Explora Labs is right on target and accommodating lots of clients who don't want to buy or rent their own facilities and want to use ours. So, that feels like the right acquisition at the right time given the market me. And we have self-supply businesses, better managed with new products and greater ability to attract owners and more turn capacity. So we feel really good about both the current and the back half of the year in that business, both top and bottom line.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jacob Johnson with Stephens.
Jacob Johnson: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Just one question just on going back to the CDMO business, as we think about the kind of reduction in guidance around the CDMO business, is it fair to characterize most of that's related to the COVID roll off the retooling, maybe some integration of that asset, or is there anything in kind of the market macro backdrop that's impacting your ability to grow that business?  I guess the other piece of it is any change in your thinking around the opportunity in cell and gene therapy? Thanks.
Jim Foster: No change at all in the demand quotient. We remain extremely enthused about cell and gene therapy. The utilization of pretty much of almost all of our portfolio in participating in cell and gene therapy to get those drugs into the clinic. And of course, we actually have a business that manufacturers those drugs to get into the clinic are largely impacted by the European entity that is retooling. And I would say that the rest of the business for us is heavy integration of a multiplicity of sites in intensified learning curve which, I think, we're doing very well at, but in some ways more complicated than we had thought and just a newer business for us. But given the EMA audit of the strength of Memphis, the retooling of our Maryland facility, and beginning to remarket the entire portfolio, we feel really good about the build and the potential opportunities for next year.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for that, Jim,
Operator: We'll take our next question from Casey Woodring with J.P. Morgan.
Casey Woodring: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. I'm just curious as to what sort of visibility you have on the CDMO side. So, it was just two months ago where you reiterated the full year organic guide and now you're saying that business will be a 150 to 175 basis point headwind. So just wondering if there is chance or further delays there or more room for downside. And my second question is just to follow-up on the Discovery delays wondering if you had ever seen that dynamic before in the business, and if so, how long did those generally last for? And how much of the pipeline ended up coming through versus getting cancelled? Thank you.
Jim Foster: We've probably seen it before. Discovery newly outsourced clients will have a propensity to keep it in house sometimes. It's kind of a crown jewelled. And if they have any sort of concerns about new spending to develop new drugs, there could be a pause there. So, it's pretty predictable. I would say. So, I'm not sure it's particularly new. I think we still have a great portfolio there and one that's totally distinguished from the competition, given the breadth of it and the pull through into safety. The first part of your question was what?
Flavia Pease: CDMO.
Jim Foster: CDMO sorry.
Casey Woodring: Yes, 
Jim Foster: CDMO visibility. Yes. What's changed is we're living in that business longer, where sort of reformatting multiple companies at the same time, literally we bought a lot relatively quickly, acquisitions often become available when they become available. So, I think we bought very good assets. I think we have a unique set of services. We've worked really hard to give you a realistic, makeable case for the back half of the year is all I can say. We're all over it from a sales point of view, and from capacity point of view, from a spending point of view, from a client interaction point of view. And so we think we have the wagon circle, we think we'll continue to build strength in that business through the back half of the year and be in a much stronger place next year. So, obviously it just has a kind of visibility that safety does, it's a new business for us and basically a new industry for lots of people. So all we can do is stay really close to the clients, which we're doing.
Operator: Well take our next question from John Sourbeer with UBS.
John Sourbeer: Thanks. Two questions here. Just one a clarification on Patrick's question on RMS. Do you specifically have headwinds baked into the RMS guidance in for China in 3Q in any way to quantify that? And then just a follow-up on the take-or-pay contract. Do you think that this is a sustainable trend or just temporary as additional industry capacity has come coming online? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes, not only do we think it's sustainable, I won't call it a sustainable trend, but as we said in prepared remarks, we think we will continue to have additional clients sign up for these take or pay arrangements. Companies tend to be larger. But if you have a hot drug, you want to start your safety trials as soon as possible. And given the capacity limitations, given how busy we are and probably how busy the competition is, you may not be able to do that. I think that's a good way to retard your ability to get a drug into the market. So I think we'll have more of these. By the way we've had more of these since our last quarterly call. I think we had one last time. We have several now and we have a bunch in conversations. So we think that's totally sustainable. We don't anticipate additional headwinds in China. So I don't think we baked  we haven't baked additional headwinds from COVID into the back half of the year. We have that pretty much at kind of usual growth rates and margin contribution. I guess that could change. I think it's unlikely given what the COVID situation is now and how poorly they managed that last time that was enormous overreaction to lockdown cities with 12 million people with 2,500 people had COVID. So, I don't think they are going to revisit that. We're not talking to the government, so we don't know that for a fact, but we haven't conservatized the numbers to anticipate that.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue. I will turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, Shelvin. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences in September. That concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Charles River Laboratories second 2022 earnings call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 14:23:03) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories first quarter 2022 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, I'm joined by Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Flavia Pease, Executive Vice President and incoming Chief Financial Officer. They will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2022. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Thank you, Todd. Good morning. We're pleased to report solid financial results for the first quarter that were precisely in line with our expectations. Organic revenue growth was slightly below the 10% level. Operating margin improved by 70 basis points year-over-year, and earnings per share growth was in the high single-digits. Revenue growth rate is expected to increase from the first quarter level, positioning us well to achieve our robust outlook for the year. There are several factors that we believe support our outlook, including the continued strength of the biopharmaceutical market environment. First, we continue to benefit from strong sustained business trends, particularly in our largest business, Safety Assessment, which represents approximately half of our total revenue. We are booking work well into 2023 and have over $1 billion of backlog already for next year. We continue to get price and anticipate continued share gains. Our scale, scientific expertise and geographic reach continues to resonate with our clients. We have added a significant number of staff in the second half of last year and continued hiring in the first quarter. Coupled with our growing backlog, we are poised to meet the escalating demand, which will result in a DSA organic revenue growth rate approaching 20% in the second half of this year. Another factor that supports our 2022 outlook is our well-funded client base, both large and small. Based on daily conversations with our clients and our key performance indicators, clients are continuing to spend at the rate that we anticipated and moved the nonclinical development programs forward. Given our early-stage focus, we are a canary in the coal mine, should funding become a concern. This is not surprising as we believe biotech clients are resilient and continue to have an average of about three years of cash on hand based on both our internal assessment and our clients and industry sources. The biotech industry is more critical to biomedical innovation than ever. Our clients are generally unaffected by the recent headlines related to public biotech financing. Beyond the public markets, we believe that broader balanced sources of funding will enable many biotechs to continue to access capital from the private sector. Venture capital funds continue to raise new larger funds and invest heavily in start-ups, providing a sustained source of funding for the biotech industry. We believe that pharma M&A and partnering investments are also utilized to help ensure that promising molecules for unmet medical needs are funded and move forward. To provide some color on our biotech client base, roughly one-quarter of our clients can be defined as pre-commercial. Segmenting that further, there is a subset of public biotech clients with less than two years of cash on hand. We estimate that these clients make up only about 10% of the current DSA backlog. We have taken action in recent years to add staff capacity, scientific capabilities and secure resources to accommodate client demand and provide them with exceptional service. These efforts have intensified recently in order to support the robust growth that we are experiencing and continue to forecast. We are confident that we are taking the necessary steps to effectively manage the business in today's market environment and deliver on our commitments to clients. We believe that our ability to support our clients with flexible, efficient outsourcing solutions tailored to their needs and available when they need them has continued to distinguish us from the competition. I'll now provide highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $913.9 million in the first quarter of 2022, a 10.8% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 9.4% was driven by a solid performance from all three business segments and was in line with the outlook that we provided in February. Biotech clients continue to be the primary driver of revenue growth in the first quarter. The operating margin was 21.4%, an increase of 70 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was driven by the RMS segment as well as lower unallocated corporate costs. Earnings per share were $2.75 in the first quarter, an increase of 8.7% from the first quarter last year. Strong mid-teens operating income growth, was partially offset by a higher tax rate and interest expense compared to the prior year. Based on the first quarter performance and an expectation that the robust business trends will continue throughout the year, we are maintaining our organic revenue growth guidance of 12.5% to 14.5% and our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance of $11.50 to $11.75 for 2022. Our guidance has incorporated two unfavorable changes in below the line items since the beginning of the year. The expectation for a slightly higher tax rate this year due to the impact of a lowest stock price and stock based compensation and higher interest expense as a result of the Federal Reserve's recent monetary policy changes. David will discuss both of these items in more detail shortly. I'd like to provide you with the details on the first quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue was $554.3 million in the first quarter, a 9.5% year-over-year increase on an organic basis. As expected, the DSA organic growth rate improved by nearly 300 basis points from the fourth quarter level driven by the Safety Assessment business. We expect that growth to improve to the low double-digits in the second quarter and approach 20% in the second half as the quarterly gating for the year continues to track to our initial plan. The Safety Assessment business continued to benefit from strong business trends as higher pricing and increased demand drove first quarter revenue growth. We are pleased with the sequential improvement in the Safety Assessment growth rate and expect continued acceleration during the year. This is supported by booking and proposal activity, which remained robust. DSA backlog was $2.8 billion at the end of the first quarter, an increase of more than 75% in the first quarter of last year and over 15% since year-end. Proposal dollar volume in the Safety Assessment business increased by 35% year-over-year. We also have an exceptionally high proportion of Safety Assessment revenues booked into backlog already for this year but do have sufficient capacity to start certain studies during the year. These trends reinforce our DSA organic revenue growth expectation for the year and affords us visibility into the strongest future demand that we have ever seen. Capacity is well utilized both in terms of people and infrastructure, and we are continuing to add the necessary staff and space to accommodate these robust demand trends. As I mentioned earlier, we hired a significant number of Safety Assessment staff in the second half of last year, and hiring continued into the first quarter. With the staff now in place, we expect recent hires will help us meet our accelerating DSA growth outlook over the course of the year. Coupled with benefits from higher pricing continuing to work through the backlog, we are very confident in the anticipated DSA growth acceleration and our ability to achieve our mid-teens DSA organic revenue growth outlook for the year, including approaching 20% growth in the second half. Our clients are also accepting longer lead times required to start some of the studies, which is necessitating that they book projects further in advance to ensure they do not delay the drug development. Many are experiencing exploring new creative relationships with us to secure space. These discussions recently led to a large biopharmaceutical client to enter into a multiyear agreement with us to reserve Safety Assessment capacity in a take-or-pay arrangement. We anticipate that other clients will follow suit and believe that these developments demonstrate the sustained strength of the demand environment and our market position as a leading non-clinical contract research organization. Revenue for the Discovery business increased in the first quarter, but growth rate was below its recent low double-digit trend. This was largely the result of difficult comparison to the strong first quarter of last year, which included milestone payments and some COVID-related work. Our integrated Discovery portfolio continues to resonate with clients, and it is imperative that we enable them to have access to cutting-edge scientific capabilities and expertise in major therapeutic areas as well as biologic, so that we can be the scientific partner they work with to advance their research programs to IND filing and beyond. Our technology partnership strategy has been very successful means to do this. It has enabled us to continue to add new capabilities across many of our businesses with limited risk. We believe our clients' willingness to outsource more of their Discovery programs will be predicated on our ability to continue to add innovative capabilities to meet the critical research needs. The DSA operating margin decreased by 90 basis points to 22.9% in the first quarter to primarily the higher staffing costs. We view this largely as a timing issue given the significant number of new hires and wage environment over the past six to 12 months. For the year, we continue to expect the DSA segment will be the primary driver of modest operating margin improvement for the company as leverage from the accelerated DSA growth rate offsets higher compensation costs. RMS revenue was $176.5 million, an increase of 8.7% on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2021 and in line with our high single-digit outlook for the year. Organic revenue growth was driven by broad-based demand and meaningful price increases in the Research Model business, particularly in North America, which performed very well. China also continued to perform well, but the growth rate was impacted by the comparison to the exceptionally strong start last year.  We also experienced some very small RMS revenue impact related to China's COVID restrictions this year and are closely monitoring the situation. At this time, we don't expect it will become a meaningful headwind. Research Model Services was also a significant contributor to the segment's growth led by the Insourcing Solutions business, or IS; our CRADL, or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs initiatives, which is part of our IS business, has further accelerated the growth potential for the RMS segment as both small and large biopharmaceutical clients are increasingly seeking to rent turnkey research capacity in key biohubs. To build upon our CRADL strategy and capitalize on a significant growth opportunity, we acquired Explora Biolabs last month. San Diego-based Explora has a similar focus as CRADL, currently operating more than 15 preclinical vivarium facilities with greater presence on the West Coast. While the demand for turnkey laboratory capacity makes this an attractive transaction on its own, the enhanced value proposition is that clients utilizing CRADL or Explora will be able to easily access additional services across our comprehensive discovery and nonclinical development portfolio, providing us with a new and unique pathway to connect with clients at earlier stages. With expansions currently underway in the United States and internationally, the combined CRADL and Explora operation is expected to include at least 25 vivarium facilities by the end of 2022, providing over 300,000 square feet of turnkey rental capacity in keep biohubs. Explora BioLabs will effectively double the revenue and footprint of our CRADL operation, driving strong double-digit revenue growth that will solidify the RMS segment's position as a sustained growth engine for the company. In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin increased 120 basis points to 29.9% driven primarily by operating leverage from robust sales of research models. RMS operating margin expansion will be limited for the remainder of the year due to the Explora BioLabs acquisition. Explora has healthy margins for service business, but the operating margin is below that of the RMS segment, creating a headwind to the segment margin this year. Explora is opening a number of new sites this year, so we expect the business to leverage these investments and be better positioned to enhance its operating efficiency thereafter.  Revenue for the Manufacturing segment was $193.1 million, a 10.1% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of last year. Biologics Testing services was the primary driver of the increase, with continued robust double-digit revenue growth. Microbial Solutions growth rate was below the 10% level, resulting in the Manufacturing segment's growth rate being below its mid-teens full year target in the first quarter. This was timing-related and will not affect the outlook for the year, as we still expect Microbial revenue growth in the 10% range. Demand for our Biologics Testing services associated with cell and gene therapies and other complex biologics continues to be robust. And we are confident that cell and gene therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers for our business, even as COVID-related vaccine, testing revenue settles into a steady run rate. There is a significant market opportunity for our Biologics Testing business, which provides services that support the safe manufacture of biologics, including process development and quality control. We believe client interest in our consolidated biologics solutions offering, which provides both Biologics Testing and the cell and gene therapy CDMO services, will only increase as the synergies to produce complex biologics and conduct required analytical testing with one scientific partner are more broadly adopted by client. Utilizing our biologics solutions offering will be a strategic advantage for clients, who are looking to reduce bottlenecks and increase efficiency of their drug development and commercialization efforts. Our CDMO business also had a good quarter, and we continue to make excellent progress on our integration efforts. Our gene-modified cell therapy production business has gained traction and generated strong growth in the quarter as it continues to be one of the leaders in this emerging space. We benefited from commercial readiness milestones in the quarter, which are relatively common in the CDMO sector, and demonstrate that clients are continuing to advance their programs into later stages of development and trust us to take the critical next steps with them. We also continue to position our gene therapy product offering, plasma DNA and viral vectors, to be opportunistic in a marketplace that is greatly in need of more supply. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin declined 240 basis points to 33.1% in the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the inclusion of the Cognate and Vigene businesses, which have margins below the overall segment, but expected to improve as we drive efficiency and leverage the significant growth potential for this business. We are operating in a robust business environment that gives us excellent growth potential. We have the best visibility that we have ever had, with an average 12 to 18 months of backlog in our largest business. We have the capacity and the people in place to deliver on the accelerated demand throughout the year. And we are benefiting from escalating pricing. It is opportune that the market dynamics will remain robust at a time when we believe we have built the premier non-clinical contract research and manufacturing organization. Before I conclude, I'd like to provide an update on our CFO transition plan. As we announced last month, Flavia Pease has been named our next Chief Financial Officer, replacing David Smith, who previously announced his plans to retire. I'd like to thank David for his dedicated service to Charles River and a remarkable career. David has been instrumental in Charles River's growth and success since he joined the company through the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition in 2014 and subsequently when he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2015. During his tenure as CFO, Charles Rivers revenue has increased 17% annually and free cash flow by 14% annually, and David has played a critical role in these accomplishments by providing strategic financial counsel and direction to our global organization. David will remain with us through year-end by transition into a role of senior financial adviser shortly after earnings. I'm pleased to announce that Flavia Pease will assume the role of CFO at that time. Flavia is a highly regarded financial leader with more than 20 years of financial leadership experience at Johnson & Johnson. Her deep biopharmaceutical industry knowledge and experience managing the finance organizations of large, growing businesses will greatly benefit Charles River. I look forward to partnering with Flavia as we work to advance the company's growth strategy and mission. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our clients and shareholders for their support. Now Flavia will provide a brief introduction before David gives you additional details on our first quarter financial performance and 2022 guidance.
Flavia Pease: Thank you, Jim. I'm excited to join the Charles River family and become Chief Financial Officer. Charles River presents a compelling opportunity to join a life sciences industry leader, work with a deep and talented finance team and collaborate with experienced senior leaders. I intend to leverage my experience as a trusted business partner to help the company achieve its financial goals, supported significant growth potential and create value for shareholders. I look forward to meeting many of you in the investment community in the coming weeks and months. I would also like to thank David for his support and guidance over the past few weeks, and I will continue to work closely with him to ensure a smooth and seamless transition. Now, I'll turn the call over to David.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, Flavia, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisition, divestitures, foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2022. We are pleased with our first quarter performance, which included revenue and earnings per share growth in line with the outlook we provided in February. Organic revenue growth of 9.4% and operating margin expansion of 70 basis points were partially offset by a higher-than-expected tax rate resulting in an earnings per share increase of 8.7% to $2.75. As Jim mentioned, we have reaffirmed our organic revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share gains for the full year. Our earnings per share guidance of $11.50 to $11.75 was effectively absorbed a higher-than-expected tax rate and interest expense compared to our initial outlook. I will discuss both of these items in more detail shortly. Our organic revenue outlook for the full year is unchanged at 12.5% to 14.5% growth. With the addition of Explora BioLabs, we've increased reported revenue growth guidance to a range of 13.5% to 15.5%. This includes a larger 1.5% headwind on foreign exchange due to the strengthening of the US dollar. Given the robust top line performance, we remain well positioned to moderately expand the operating margin in 2022. As I mentioned, our tax rate and interest expense outlook have increased since the beginning of the year. We expect a slightly higher tax rate in 2022, because the lower stock price during the first quarter resulted in a lower excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation. This led to a first quarter tax rate of 16.8%, a 230 basis point increase year-over-year and above our prior outlook in the mid-teens. Our tax outlook remains within our initial low 20% range for the year but has moved slightly higher due to the stock price movement since February. We now expect adjusted interest expense of $98 million to $102 million in 2022, approximately $15 million higher than our prior outlook. The primary drivers of the increase are nearly evenly split between higher interest rate assumptions associated with the Federal Reserve's outlook provided in March and higher debt balances due to the Explora acquisition in April, which will not have a meaningful impact on non-GAAP earnings per share since the transaction is expected to be earnings-neutral this year. For the first quarter, total adjusted net interest expense was $20.4 million, which were flat sequentially compared to the fourth quarter. At the end of the first quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.7 billion, equating to a gross leverage ratio of 2.5 times and a net leverage ratio of 2.4 times. As planned, we financed the Explora acquisition through our revolving credit facility, and our leverage remains below three times pro forma for the transaction. For the remainder of 2022, we will continue to evaluate M&A opportunities. And absent any additional acquisitions, our capital priorities will be focused on debt repayment. By segment, our organic revenue growth outlook for 2022 remains unchanged. RMS organic revenue growth guidance remains in the high-single-digits. The reported revenue growth outlook for this segment is being increased to a high-single-digit range to include the Explora revenue contribution. We continue to expect the DSA segment to deliver mid-teens organic revenue growth driven by strong contributions from both the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses and the Manufacturing segment to achieve mid-teens organic growth as the Microbial Solutions growth rate improves from the first quarter level and the Cognate and Vigene acquisitions are included in the organic growth rate. Lower unallocated corporate costs totaling 5% of revenue contributed to the first quarter operating margin improvement. This is compared to 6.2% of revenue last year, with the decrease driven by several factors, including favorable fringe-related costs and quarterly fluctuations in the gating of corporate costs. Despite the favorability in the first quarter, we continue to expect unallocated corporate expenses to be in the mid-5% range as a percent of revenue for the full year. Free cash flow was $22.2 million in the first quarter compared to $142.2 million last year. A decrease of $120 million over the prior year was primarily due to planned increase in capital expenditures associated with projects to support future growth and higher performance-based bonus payments related to the strong 2021 results. Capital expenditures were $80.5 million in the first quarter compared to $28 million last year. For the year, our free cash flow and capital gains remain unchanged at approximately $450 million and $360 million, respectively. As previously discussed, CapEx is expected to total approximately 9% of total revenue in 2022. A summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on slide 39. For the second quarter, our outlook reflects a continuation of the strong business trend and for the revenue growth rate to continue to accelerate. We expect the reported and organic revenue growth rate will be in low double-digits. The DSA and RMS organic growth rates are expected to improve sequentially from the first quarter level, while the Manufacturing segment will be slightly lower due to the strong comparison to the nearly 27% growth last year. Earnings per share are expected to increase in the mid to high single-digits year-over-year in the second quarter. In closing, we are very pleased with our first quarter financial performance and are confident about our growth prospects for the remainder of the year. Given the strong DSA business development activity that Jim highlighted, our order book firmly supports our full year financial guidance, including DSA organic revenue growth approaching 20% in the second half of the year. Before concluding, I would like to say a few final words. I'm pleased to welcome Flavia to the Charles River team. In the past few weeks, we've begun the transition of my responsibilities. And as such, this will be my final earnings call as Chief Financial Officer. I'm officially retiring until after year end, but will move into a new role shortly after this earnings call to ensure a smooth transition. It has truly been a privilege to serve as Charles River CFO, and I would like to thank Jim, the Board and all of my colleagues for their support and collaboration during my time at Charles River and for the successes that we have all shared together. I firmly believe I am leaving  this company well-positioned for continued success because of the sustained robust demand environment, our industry-leading portfolio and the highly experienced leadership team. I would also like to thank each of you, the Charles River shareholders and analysts, for the collaborative relationships that we have forged over the years and for your support. It's been a pleasure working with you. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question will come from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Eric Coldwell: My question -- two questions on DSA segment. First one, DSA growth expected to approach 20% in the second half. I'm curious if there's any additional color available on the split between 3Q and 4Q; i.e., would both be at a similar rate? Or would the ramp continue through the year finishing out at or above that range in the fourth quarter? And then my second question, I believe I heard you say there was a take-or-pay deal in DSA done this quarter. Juggling a few calls today, so I missed that section. But I'm curious if you can provide any more detail on that and what you think the client appetite for further take-or-pay deals might be at this time? Thanks very much.
James Foster: Sure. So we do anticipate the ramp will continue through the back half of the year. Each quarter will be progressive -- should be progressively strong and will end well. The back half of the year will be at 20%. That's a combination of significant price, share gain, overall volume and mix, great capacity utilization, utilization of staff, which has been hired but being trained and sort of not contributing to the top or the bottom line in Q1 and just the strength of our competitive position from a scale point of view, geographic proximity point of view and the constituent scientific parts of our business. So we've never had backlog like this. It continues to elongate. It's $1 billion of backlog already for next year. It's -- the volumes are up substantially over the prior year and over the last quarter. So we're quite confident in our numbers and the progression. Take-or-pay thing, Eric, is really interesting. I don't know if I said it to you about it thats sort of been saying at least to ourselves that we were surprised. We weren't hearing more of this. So capacity is kind of appropriately tight. Clients are really busy. Clients are well finance. Lots of new modalities. People are booking pretty far out. The booking pretty far out is a combination of lots of work and making sure they get a slot. And so I've often said if I was running a drug company or the Head of R&D, I certainly would try to lock up some space. So I had some flexibility and could slot things in perhaps -- slot priority things and perhaps earlier than we were giving them slot. So we signed the first one. It's nothing special about the client, except it's a big one and it's multiyear. We feel pretty strongly that others will follow. It's just too much of an appropriate tool for them to use as the demand continues to increase. And that's kind of a safety valve, which I think takes a lot of the pressure off of them. We spent a lot of time with our clients over the last six to 12 months about -- tell us what your real priorities are. Don't tell us every drug is important to start a study next month or it's going to have the same revenue contribution because, of course, that's not true. Help us prioritize and will, a, help slot those in earlier. And b, if you want to really be sure of belts and suspenders and lock up some space on a take-or-pay basis. So not surprised, pleased to see it. I think that's going to make the kind of scheduling more rational, more comfortable for everybody. And we can't project it because it hasn't happened yet, but we would be surprised if we don't see additional large companies do similar things by the end of the year.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, thanks very much for the details. I'll jump back in queue, if I have anything else. Congrats on the outlook.
James Foster: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Johnson with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jacob Johnson: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, I wanted to follow up on something you alluded to in your comments in terms of the cell and gene therapy clients you have in biologics and kind of your ability to I don't know if we want to call it pull-through or cross-sell them into CDMO work. Can you just talk about the initial reception there and what your experience has been?
James Foster: Yes. It was -- I'd say the major strategic rationale for us to pivot back into the CDMO space, having exited several years ago, we find ourselves with this escalating, high growth, improving margin Biologics business on a worldwide basis. So we're testing the drug before it goes into the clinic. We're testing the drug if it's approved after it goes into the clinic, perhaps indefinitely. And we began to have requests from clients to why can't you manufacture the drug. So there's a correlation. So if we -- if someone else manufactures that we could still test it or vice versa, but I think there's a lack of elegance to that for the clients, I think it's less efficient for them and slows things down. So we have competitors who do both -- sorry, who do either but don't do both. So we think this is a strategic benefit for us. Also the same -- the connection to Safety and Discovery is also quite significant. So it's a little bit early to comment on the success except to say that we have a sales force that talks about all of it. We have clients that definitely are resonating to it both ways. So former Biologics clients that are now beginning to talk to us about or use us for CDMO manufacturing or buying gene therapy products or vice versa. So we're quite confident that, that's the ultimate value proposition that we've invested in here. That's sort of the way we get one plus one equals three.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. And then just maybe following up on that. Just on HemaCare and Cellero, can you just talk about the latest trends in cell supply of kind of the COVID headwinds there abated? Are you seeing a rebound in those businesses?
James Foster: So HemaCare and Cellero has new management, has new capacity and has much more sophisticated ways to access and hopefully retain donors. So the slope of that business is positive as we move through the back of the year.
Jacob Johnson: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We do have a question from Elizabeth Anderson. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. And welcome, Flavia. It's nice to speak with you. I was wondering if you could talk to me a little bit more about sort of the OpEx spend in the quarter that came in a little bit under what we were suspecting especially given the inflationary environment. Just any additional puts and takes you can sort of talk about on that so we can sort of think about the run rate for the rest of the year. Thank you.
James Foster: Im sorry. I'm not sure I heard the whole question. Speaking a little quickly. Yes.
David Smith: Operating expenses in the current kind of inflationary environment.
James Foster: Yes. We -- I don't think anybody has a crystal ball, but we feel that we accommodated well for inflationary pressures when we put our operating plan together, and it's embedded in our guidance. And when I say that, I'm obviously talking about supply chain costs. I'm talking principally about numbers of people and salaried levels, hourly rates, whatever, compensation levels and what we anticipate that we have already done and may have to do additionally. There's no question that in the first quarter -- tried to allude to this in my answer to the last question. We had a fair number of people that were hired, for instance, in the Safety Assessment business. So more people, higher salary levels, very much tied up in training and not really contributing to either revenue or profitability. So you'll see that sort of, ameliorate through the back half of the year. You'll see pricing for a lot of studies that we book later in the year to come through. So what we've said -- and I'll state this again carefully is that the modest anticipated operating margin accretion that we believe that we'll get for this year will be principally as a result of the Safety Assessment business, and we think that those costs are embedded in that analysis.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Elizabeth  with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. My name is Christine. Thanks for the question. I was hoping you could give me an update on your plasma DNA business, if this is an area of investment for Charles River. And how does it fit into your end-to-end offering for cell therapy innovators in that strategy? Thanks.
James Foster: Yes. So working hard to enhance the management of all of these businesses that we bought to, sort of, refine the strategy for both our plasma DNA and viral vector businesses, which are going to be, sort of, geographically-based sort of moving away from some of the work that one of those businesses was doing. That was very much COVID-related both before we bought it and right after we bought it and now that we have capacity available for our plasma DNA. So we -- we're positioned really well for this gene therapy product offering, which is going to allow us to be opportunistic in the marketplace where there appears to be insufficient supply to meet the demand. So -- and we feel really good about our ability to provide those essential products to our clients in this space.
Operator: And does that answer your question?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Dave Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. David, congrats on your great career and best wishes in retirement. I wish I was following you. The question I have -- I wanted to focus -- Jim, appreciate your data on your client mix. Venture funding has actually, I think, held up even a little bit better than the public market. I wondered if, in addition, you had any sense of what the mix is of your -- probably your precommercial that are venture versus public. Any sense of that?
James Foster: I don't think we size this yet. I mean, we said less than 10% for the small pre-revenue businesses. I think a lot of those are public. I think that -- as you said in your question, we have a lot of formal and informal relationships with pretty much all of the major healthcare venture capital firms, as I think you know. They're raising funds much more quickly than they used to. So the five to seven-year raises are now two to three-year raises. It seems like those companies are two things, which are good for us, extremely well-financed and have no desire, ability, capability or interest in developing any of their own internal capacity to frankly do any of the things that we do. So they're the, in some ways, the best clients. They're always in least get to proof of concept. They're less price-sensitive. They're well financed, and they're 100% outsourced at least -- yes, almost all of them are. So we feel that -- just to give you a broader answer to the -- maybe the broader question that was going to be a follow-up that we feel that the clients have three years of cash generally. We feel that those that may have less than two years of cash -- I think three things. I think that pharmaceutical industry will bank a lot of those companies and a lot of those technologies and/or the VCs. I think any new potential drug to deal with unmet medical needs that really is promising, I just don't think that the pharmaceutical industry is going to let that language and not support it. So I think it's highly unlikely that these companies does somehow flourish, does somehow get funding and does somehow continue to work with us. Having said all of that, based upon the numbers that we just gave you in our prepared remarks, we see elongating backlogs. We see enhanced pricing. We see increased demand. We see our first client do a deal on a take-or-pay basis. So, it seems like our client base is strong that has full product portfolio and is not concerned about their ability to fund those going forward. .
Dave Windley: Thank you. Yes. That segues into my follow-up, which was take-or-pay. Eric asked this a little bit. It's been a while -- you've talked about it recently, but it's been a while since we've seen one. I guess, practically speaking, I'm wondering -- you did give us a backlog number this quarter that you don't usually do. How is that take-or-pay contract reflected in backlog, if at all? I guess for the locking in the space, given demand, should we assume that you got kind of spot rate pricing on that take-or-pay contract? Or does the client ask them for that much, get a little bit of discount?
James Foster: I mean we're pleased with the pricing on this contract. It's part of our -- it's a client that has -- it's part of our backlog. I mean it's only a single client. So we don't want to overstate it. We wanted to call it out because, as I said earlier, we've been anticipating it. I'm surprised nobody has done this sooner. I do think lots of others will follow. And I do think this is probably a template, not that we got to share with anyone else, template for others to have the confidence that for the highest priority studies, they can spot things in earlier. And also that we get on the same side of the table with them and have a much better strategic dialogue about what's coming out of the type to them, when they'll need the space. Just gives us great visibility. It enhances our plans for how much incremental space we're building. It enhances our plans for how much incremental staff we'll continue to add, just provides a much more rational working relationship. So we're thrilled with it. It's not like we weren't looking for it, but it came up in the conversation. And our job is to listen carefully to what clients want to provide them with flexible solutions. They don't all want the same solution, but I do think that some of the larger companies with larger portfolios whose so can afford this, I mean, the whole sort of pricing conversation so we actually be, pharmaceutical companies with billions -- like tens of billions dollars on the balance sheet. They can afford it whatever they want. So as I said before and probably to, you, specifically, Dave, so many of these drug companies have given up their internal capacity or reduced it somewhat. It's a very, very smart thing for them to do and was pretty much foreseeable and predictable.
Dave Windley: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Casey Woodring with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Casey Woodring: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations, David. I guess, so on DSA, you talked a lot about Safety Assessment, but can you elaborate on what you saw in Discovery? You noted the growth rate was below the recent double-digit trend there. So wondering how much of that is related to the tough comp versus maybe some shift in customer spend or pipeline rationalization from customers?
James Foster: Yes. I mean the Discovery business continues to be a strong business. It was  includes more slowly than it has previously. The comps were really, really tough. As we said, we had a bunch of COVID-related work, which we were happy to have and proud to have, but not sustainable. And we had some one-time events that are repeatable. So if you take that out, we feel good about the growth rate of that business going forward. Again, that's a service -- a series of services that so many of our clients need, large or small, and an important service in terms of selling into the Safety Assessment business. So we like to look at DSA in whole, which is why we haven't peeled the deck any further than that, but we did give a little bit of color that quarter was a bit slower but we anticipate the strong finish for DSA sequentially and a very strong back half of the year for that whole segment.
Casey Woodring: Got it. And then I'm just wondering how much of the RMS demand you saw in North America is catch-up work from canceled or delayed projects from COVID. And can you also quantify what the China lockdown impact was to RMS in 1Q? What's implied there in 2Q and for the full year? And any other color around China? Thank you. 
James Foster: So all we can tell you about China is kind of a tale of two cities. The demand is -- continues to be considerable. So we have a growth rate in China that totally outstrips growth rate in other parts of the world, had a nice first quarter, tiny impact from the lockdowns. We don't anticipate, as we said in our prepared remarks, that it will have a meaningful impact in the second quarter, but it's a little bit impossible to predict. Our overall feeling is that the RMS segment is so strong that unless the impact is greater than we anticipate, we'll be able to offset it. So we'll see. But right now, we feel quite good about it. We were particularly pleased with North America. I would say that's not a rebound from anything in particular COVID-related. I would say that it's about the spending by our North American clients. It's about our strength versus the competition. It's about our continued investment in that business and the sophistication of the product line. It's about significant pricing, some mix and share gains. So I can't tell you how delighted we are. So you didn't ask this, but I'm going to say it anyway. I mean I do think that we are living in the renaissance in the RMS business, which between China, legacy businesses, the service businesses, particularly IS, now enhanced by this Explora acquisition that we've done, that we're going to see that business squarely in the high-single-digits as we move forward with hopefully strong operating margin. So we're really thrilled actually with pretty much all of the constituent parts and pieces of that business, which it's been a while coming. So we feel really good about that. We'll obviously continue to give you updates on the China situation vis--vis RMS, we think, will be fine.
Casey Woodring: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Bowers with JPMorgan -- I'm sorry, Deutsche Bank. Sorry about that.
Justin Bowers: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just was hoping to get a little more context around the backlog growth in DSA. I think you said that you have $1 billion booked out to -- for 2023 at this point. And versus my model, that's probably 40% of forecasting revenue, plus or minus. And you really don't have to go too far back to where your total backlog for the year was $1 billion. So I was just hoping to kind of understand how far out you're willing to go and also provide some historical context maybe around like how much you would have booked at this point for the following year, a few years back, for example.
James Foster: I mean it's unprecedented. The best years we had were six, seven and eight. This is way better. But it's a totally different industry. Competitive scenario has totally changed. Strength of Charles River has totally changed. The numbers of clients have total changed, and biotech as a driver has changed at all. So, we have most of the revenue book -- we have a backlog this year that will accommodate our guidance in Safety. I'm not going to validate your number, but you can do the math as to how big you think our Safety Assessment business is, what will grow next year and how much is in backlog. It's much higher than we would see at this point in the year. And I would anticipate that will continue to grow. So, hopefully, we'll have a similar situation when we get into next year, which is most of it is already in backlog. And that's enhanced by the highest pricing that we've been able to achieve, which is appropriate. It's commensurate with the fact that the studies are more complex than they've ever been. Capacity is appropriately tight. The clients have more drugs to work on than ever. And the availability of competitive capacity is somewhat limited. So, it's obviously a very nice demand curve for us, and our job is to try to do all of it, to try to build enough space now to the end of 2023 and 2024 to accommodate incremental demand to hire people slightly ahead of when they need them, to drive our digital portfolio such that we are more efficient and are more responsive to our clients, to kind of price appropriately and rationally to continue to have more clients have these take-or-pay relationships if that's what they want and also to continue to always save enough space for both shorter-term and longer-term studies. It just simply absolutely have to start earlier for clients. And we're having -- as I've said now for several quarters, we're getting together with all of our clients and say, just tell us what's what your priorities are in our portfolio, and we'll try to accommodate it. So, it's a very attractive business model. We're spending all of our time trying to execute against that demand, but we've never seen a demand like this. So we're not going to take it for granted. We're going to respond really well. Our execution is going to be as well as possible. And we're going to have both people and physical capacity in place ahead of what we needed.
Justin Bowers: Appreciate the color there. Ill hop back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys. Good morning. And Dave, congrats on your tenure and best of luck in retirement. And Flavia, looking forward to working with you. Jim, maybe to start things off, did you disclose what organic constant currency growth look like when adjusting for the COVID impact last year? Any color you could share on that at the segment level perhaps would be helpful.
David Smith: Yes. I'll take that, Jim. So yes, we did call out the COVID impact by segment when we gave -- went through 2001. And actually, at the end of the year, we gave that color. So we had 980 basis points in RMS. We had 80 basis points in DSA and 210 basis points in Manufacturing. So hopefully, that gives you the numbers you're looking for.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Jim, as we think about sort of operating margin expansion here, you did talk about continuing to expect modest expansion year-over-year. Can you just walk us through the impact from Explora, sounds like, it's going to be a little bit of a headwind on RMS? And then to Dave's point earlier and your commentary around expecting a lot more of these take-or-pay contracts, how confident are you that the magnitude of the pricing increases that you foresee working their way through the backlog here can help offset any take-or-pay sort of headwinds in addition to staffing costs and wage inflation?
James Foster: Yes. So we don't look at the take-or-pay deals as headwinds. We'll -- clients are very much in need of that sort of accommodation structure for us. They're going to pay us well for that -- for those combinations and to have that space available. So I think those -- that would be just part of the portfolio. It's impossible to predict how big it will be, but I think some of the larger clients will want to do the same thing. So I don't see that as a headwind. I mean Explora is a really nice strategic deal. It's going to double the size of our CRADL life business. It's going to be a slight headwind to margins in that business. We have had very high margins in the Charles River businesses, and the scale at which they are opening up new facilities and just their overall structure has slightly lower margins, which should improve over time. So that's already baked into our guidance. So again, we feel confident that we'll deliver this modest improvement that we talked about that's going to come principally from Safety. I hope it comes from other places, but that's not what we're guiding to right now. But we do feel that the demand pretty much across the board is quite significant or a strong competitive position. We don't really see any external disruptors to that overall demand.
Tejas Savant: Got it. That's helpful, Jim. And one final one on Biologics Safety Testing. You spoke about, sort of, vaccine lot-release work you're settling into steady state for the COVID component heading into back half of this year in 2023. Can you just help share some more color on what your assumptions are in terms of that steady state demand? And if there were to be a relatively sharp drop-off, should we be thinking of a slight moderation here versus that, sort of, 20% growth target you've spoken about for BST?
James Foster: No, I would anticipate softening demand. And I think we said last year that -- and I think we had a 30% growth quarter. And I think we said if you take all the COVID workout, it's still growing at 20%. So it's a really strong growth business. It's all driven by large molecules. There's a multiplicity of different ways large molecules are utilized. Cell and gene therapy is definitely a big driver of our growth, so as our geographic scale. So we're going to do some vaccine work, COVID and not COVID. It's part of the portfolio, but we won't be whip-sided by any fundamental change in COVID vaccine revenue or testing.
Tejas Savant: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in queue. I will turn the conference back to Todd Spencer for any closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 21:46:07) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. . Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. .  I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2021 earnings and 2022 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2021 and our financial guidance for 2022. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.  There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today, and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call.  I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated.  During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to, or a substitute for, results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website.  I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. I'm very pleased to speak with you today about another exceptional year for Charles River and our expectations for 2022. We believe that Charles River is a stronger company today than it has ever been.  We were extremely pleased to report organic revenue growth of 15% for the full year or low-double digit growth when normalizing for the COVID-19 impact in 2020 and a second consecutive year of 100 basis points of operating margin expansion.  We have seen unprecedented demand across most of our businesses, and we believe that this demand coupled with robust industry fundamentals will fuel low teens revenue growth in 2022. As a result, we're continuing to invest to add people and capacity to accommodate growing client demand and to build a scalable operating model to enhance our scientifically distinguished portfolio and to strengthen our relationships with clients through our flexible efficient outsourcing solutions.  To further differentiate ourselves from the competition, we have strategically expanded our portfolio to provide clients with the critical capabilities they require to discover, develop and safely manufacture new drugs.  We have enhanced our scientific capabilities for advanced therapies in areas that offer significant growth potential with six acquisitions over the past two years. By doing so, we have built an end-to-end non-clinical portfolio of cell and gene therapy solutions to support clients from early stage research through cGMP production, and we expect to generate nearly 15% of our total revenue in 2022.  The greater complexity of scientific research is encouraging the biopharmaceutical industry to rely on Charles River's bioscience capabilities when choosing an outsourcing partner. Because of our extensive scientific expertise, client-centric approach, and unique non-clinical portfolio, we worked on more than 85% of the FDA approved drugs in 2021, including all of the CNS drugs and more than 90% of the oncology drugs. We are proud that our biopharmaceutical clients continue to choose to partner with us as they recognize the value that we provide.  Now, let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year. We reported revenue of $905.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2021, an increase of 14.4% on a reported basis. Organic revenue growth of 10.5% was driven primarily by continued double-digit growth in the manufacturing and RMS segments. The COVID impact in 2020 resulted in a modest 50 basis point increase to the organic revenue growth rate.  The 2021 revenue was $3.54 billion, with a reported growth rate of 21.1% and an organic growth rate of 15.1%. On an annual basis, the COVID impact in 2020 resulted in a 280 basis point increase to the organic revenue growth rate. Adjusted for the COVID impact, we were very pleased that we achieved low-double digit normalized growth on a consolidated basis, and that each segment achieved its longer-term organic growth target in 2021.  The operating margin was 20.9% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 10 basis points year-over-year. For the full year, we met our outlook of 21%, representing the second consecutive year of 100 basis points of operating margin improvement. This demonstrates the operating leverage inherent in our business, as well as our continued efforts to drive operating efficiency and build a more scalable infrastructure. We expect to generate modest operating margin improvement in 2022, which will moderate from the past two years as we continue to make the investments needed to support growth, principally related to staffing and because of a 20 basis point headwind from the 53rd week this year. Earnings per share were $2.49 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 4.2% from $2.39 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Strong revenue and operating income growth were partially offset by a higher tax rate and interest expense. For the full year, earnings per share were $10.32, a 26.9% increase over the prior year. We exceeded our prior guidance range of $10.20 to $10.30 and reported a second consecutive year with earnings growth above the 20% level.  Our outlook for 2022, which we initially provided in January, demonstrates our firm belief that the sustained demand environment will continue this year. We believe this trend, combined with higher pricing, will drive organic revenue growth in the range of 12.5% to 14.5% in 2022.  We continue to expect non-GAAP earnings per share will be in a range of $11.50 to $11.75. Earnings per share are expected to grow at a similar rate to revenue, as modest operating margin improvement will be largely offset by less favorable below-the-line items, including a higher tax rate. We are enthusiastic about the year ahead and look forward to new opportunities to scientifically differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, enhance our ability to meet clients' needs and achieve our financial goals.  I'd like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance and our expectations for 2022, beginning with the DSA segment's results. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $534.1 million, a 6.7% increase on an organic basis. Biotechnology clients remain the primary driver of DSA growth in the fourth quarter, as the industry remains well funded and ended the year on a strong note. As anticipated, the DSA segment's organic growth rate for the quarter was below 10%. But also as expected, DSA achieved a low-double digit growth rate for the year at 12.2%. As we've said before, growth rates for our businesses are not linear. So, quarterly fluctuations should be expected.  In 2022, we expect DSA organic revenue growth will be in the mid-teens. The increase from last year's growth rate is based on our belief that sustained client demand will continue and higher price increases than in 2021 will help offset higher compensation costs and other inflationary cost pressures. The DSA growth rate is expected to accelerate during 2022 due in large part to the current pricing working through the backlog. The first quarter growth rate is also expected to improve from the fourth quarter level.  Our Safety Assessment business continued to perform very well, benefiting from strong demand and price increases. Bookings and proposal volume remain at record levels, with total DSA backlog increasing 70% or by $1 billion to $2.4 billion at year-end 2021. We are booking work into 2023, which translates to greater visibility and a strong book of business that supports our growth expectations.  The acceleration of demand during 2021 was reflected in the fact that we added nearly twice as many Safety Assessment staff in the second half of 2021 as we did in the first half. We expect these recent hires will help us accommodate client demand in 2022.  In addition to closely managing the workload by continuing to add staff, we are taking a similar approach to capacity additions, investing in new space in a disciplined manner to ensure we meet future demand.  Our Discovery Services business also continued to perform well, with strong performances for early discovery and CNS services. Similar to the Safety Assessment business, we are accommodating robust client demand for Discovery Services by closely managing staffing levels and adding cutting-edge capabilities. We believe this will continue to enable us to achieve an annual growth rate in the low-double digits or better.  Our efforts to broaden and strengthen our discovery capabilities and enhance our scientific expertise are enabling us to expand the support we provide for our clients' discovery research. As a result, clients increasingly view Charles River as a premier scientific partner who can support their efforts to identify new drug targets and discover novel therapeutics.  This is leading to new opportunities for our Discovery business, including significant client interest in integrated drug discovery programs, in which clients trust us with multiple services or their entire discovery program to advance their early stage therapeutics.  We intend to continue to build our discovery portfolio, including through strategic partnerships and acquisitions. Acquired in early 2021, Retrogenix, with its proprietary cell microarray technology and off-target screening services, had a very successful first year as part of the Charles River family. Combined with Distributed Bio's large molecule discovery platform, clients can now partner with us for integrated end-to-end solutions for therapeutic antibody and cell and gene therapy discovery and development. Our partnership strategy has proven to be a successful approach to staying current with cutting-edge technologies and adding innovative capabilities with limited upfront risk.  We recently signed a new partnership with Valo Health to deliver a new type of offering that combines Valo's artificial intelligence or AI-enabled drug discovery and development platform with our own capabilities to expedite the discovery of small molecule therapies for clients. This partnership has the potential to accelerate the discovery process as we utilize Valo's Opal closed-loop in silico platform to rapidly identify compounds and optimize them using our leading in vitro and in vivo capabilities.  We also recently announced an expanded partnership with SAMDI Tech's innovative assay technology to further expedite the discovery process around high throughput screening of lead compounds. Our innovative discovery toolkit will enable us to become a technological disruptor in the industry and positions us as an indispensable research partner who can enable clients to identify and discover new drugs faster, which will ultimately reduce their time to market.  The DSA operating margin was essentially unchanged at 23.1% in the fourth quarter, despite a 40 basis point headwind related to foreign currency translation. For 2021, the DSA operating margin improved by 30 basis points to 23.7%. Foreign exchange has an 80 basis point headwind. The DSA segment is expected to be the primary contributor to the company's operating margin improvement in 2022.  RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $165.6 million, an increase of 13.3% on an organic basis, which excludes the RMS Japan divestiture. The comparison to the COVID impact in 2020 increased the fourth quarter growth rate by 2.3%.  For the year, RMS organic revenue increased by 19.5%, with approximately half the increase or 9.8% being driven by the comparison to the COVID impact in 2020. Normalized for the COVID impact, we reported high-single digit growth in 2021, which is consistent with the RMS organic growth outlook for 2022.  Our 2022 outlook reflects a continuation of the strong global demand for research models and associated services generated by the ongoing robust early stage research activity within the biopharmaceutical industry, as well as at academic and government institutions. This outlook includes robust growth for our in-sourcing solutions business as we continue to expand our cradle footprint. It also assumes improvement in the cell supply growth right throughout 2022 as our efforts to enhance the operating performance of HemaCare and Cellero gained traction during the year. The underlying industry fundamentals within the cell therapy sector remain strong.  Research models remain foundational regulatory required tools for early stage research and toxicology and a vital component of our ability to support our client. Revenue for research models has increased globally during the COVID-19 pandemic due to both higher pricing and improved demand, reflecting the renewed focus on scientific innovation and the critical role that research models play in generating scientific breakthroughs and ensuring the safety of life saving therapy.  Demand in China was exceptionally strong in 2021, reflecting the resurgence of biomedical research activity following China's emergence from COVID-related shutdowns in 2020, as well as a shift towards a mid-tier biopharma and CRO client base and our expanded product offering.  While we expect the growth rate in China will moderate in 2022, including in the first quarter after an exceptionally strong stat last year, we are continuing to expand our geographic footprint to support the continued double-digit revenue growth that is expected in this region. The heightened level of research activities also driving demand for our research model services, which continued to perform very well in the fourth quarter and full year.  We are a natural partner for GEMS and in-sourcing solutions, or IS. With our extensive animal husbandry expertise and our ability to provide clients with flexible and efficient solutions, GEMS is benefiting from strong outsourcing demand, driven by the greater complexity of scientific research and the proprietary models that our clients are creating.  IS is benefiting from the continued growth of our cradle initiative, which provides both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity at our sites and facilitates the use of other Charles River services as their research progresses. We intend to continue to expand our existing cradle footprint in the Boston, Cambridge and South San Francisco bio hubs and also into new regions in 2022, including Southern California and China due to significant client interest in the service.  The RMS operating margin was 26.9% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 180 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2020. The increase was driven by operating leverage from higher sales volume in the research models business, particularly in China. Through 2021, the RMS operating margin increased by 530 basis points to 27.3%. The significant improvement was primarily due to the comparison to the depressed margin in 2020 associated with COVID-related client disruptions.  Manufacturing revenue was $205.3 million in the fourth quarter, a growth rate of 21.2%. on an organic basis, driven primarily by double-digit organic growth across the microbial solutions, biologics testing and avian vaccine businesses. For the full year, organic revenue growth was 20.6%, with 210 basis points of the increase coming from the comparison to the COVID impact in 2020. In 2022, we expect mid-teens organic growth for the Manufacturing segment. The moderation from the exceptional 2021 performance reflects a return to more normalized growth rates for the microbial solutions business after an incremental benefit from COVID-related instrument and cartridge replenishment in 2021 and in the biologics testing business due to a reduction in some COVID vaccine testing revenue, as that revenue stream settles into a steadier state.  We're very pleased with the mid-teens growth rate forecast for 2022 and expect the Manufacturing segment will achieve its 2024 target of approaching 20% growth once the benefit of the high growth CDMO businesses fully reflected in the organic growth rate and the CDMO scale continues to increase.  Microbial solutions growth rate in the fourth quarter and for the year remained well above 10%, reflecting strong demand across our portfolio of critical quality control testing solutions. We were pleased with the strength of the demand for our endotoxin testing systems and cartridges, which perform FDA-mandated lot release testing on injectable drugs and medical devices. The advantages of our comprehensive portfolio continue to resonate with our clients, and we believe that our ability to provide a total microbial solution will enable microbial solutions to continue to deliver revenue growth at or above the 10% level.  The biologics testing business reported another exceptional quarter and year of strong double-digit revenue growth. Robust demand for cell and gene therapy testing services continued to be the primary growth driver, with COVID-19 vaccines and traditional biologics also being meaningful contributors.  While we expect a moderation of the COVID vaccine testing revenue in 2022, we believe cell and gene therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers over the longer term to support our 20% target for the biologics business this year and beyond.  Our CDMO business is continuing to make great progress on the integrations as we gain traction on business development activities to support its robust growth outlook in 2022. We've established an end-to-end gene modified cell therapy solution, which we believe is critical to support our clients more seamlessly. Our comprehensive cell and gene therapy portfolio is resonating with clients and they continue to explore opportunities to streamline their biologics development workflows and drive greater efficiencies by outsourcing to us.  The strength of demand for CDMO services necessitates our continued investment and capacity to ensure we have available space to serve our clients and to build upon our extensive portfolio of manufacturing services.  The Manufacturing segment's operating margin declined by 160 basis points to 35.7% in the fourth quarter of 2021 and by 320 basis points to 34.2% for the full year. These declines primarily reflect the inclusion of the CDMO acquisitions in 2021 of Cognate and Vigene. These businesses are profitable, but their margins are below overall Manufacturing segment. We expect this margin headwind to gradually dissipate as we drive efficiency and as the significant growth we anticipate generates greater economies of scale and optimize the throughput at our CDMO sites.  In 2022, we will continue to move on growth strategy forward. Disciplined M&A and strategic partnerships remain vital components of our strategy as we endeavor to further enhance the scientific expertise, global reach and innovative technologies that we can offer clients across all three of our business segments.  We will also focus our efforts internally on ensuring that we have the necessary staff and resources to meet the needs of our clients and support the robust growth in our market, on enhancing real time digital connectivity with clients and on continuing to integrate our end-to-end non-clinical offering to create a more seamless solution across all drug modalities.  It's incumbent upon us to be the scientific partner who can help clients move their programs forward from concept to non-clinical development to the safe manufacture of their life-saving therapies.  By providing exceptional value to our clients, we believe we will continue to achieve our financial targets and deliver greater value to our shareholders.  In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment.  Now, I'd like David Smith to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2022 guidance. 
David Smith: Thank you, Jim. And good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related changes, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the gain on the sale of RMS Japan, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items.  Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency translation, and the 53rd week in 2022.  My discussion this morning will focus primarily on additional details regarding our financial guidance for 2022, which was originally provided on January 11. We continue to expect reported revenue growth of 13% to 15% in 2022 and organic revenue growth of 12.5% to 14.5%. Our revenue growth outlook for 2022 is supported by the continuation of unprecedented client demand and a healthy funding environment along with price increases to help offset higher inflationary cost pressures.  We remain well positioned to expand margins while continuing to invest in the business, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share between $11.50 and $11.75 per share, or approximately 11% to 14% growth compared to 2021.  By segment, our outlook is also unchanged from last month. We expect organic revenue growth in the high-single digits of the RMS segment, the result of continued robust global demand for research models and associated services, as well as improvement in the cell supply growth rate. This will be partially offset by a moderation in the RMS China growth rate after an exceptional performance in 2021.  For the DSA segment, we expect mid-teens organic revenue growth, driven by continued strong contributions from both the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. The growth rate of the safety assessment business is expected to accelerate during the year, principally as current pricing works through the backlog.  We also expect a mid-teens organic revenue growth in the manufacturing segment, reflecting a slice moderation in the microbial solutions and biologics growth rates, along with the incremental contribution from the high growth cell and gene therapy CDMO business once we anniversary the Cognate and Vigene acquisitions.  The CDMO business is expected to contribute nearly 150 basis points to our consolidated organic revenue growth rate in the second half of the year. We continue to expect foreign exchange to provide a headwind of approximately 100 basis points to our reported revenue guidance in 2022 as a result of the strengthening of the US dollar.  FX rate estimates are based on the bank forecasts for the year, which are currently very close to the spot rates on those currencies. Based on our current rate assumptions, FX will be a moderate headwind to earnings per share. We have provided information on our 2021 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rate that we are assuming for 2022 on slide 32, and we'll continue to monitor fluctuations in the currency market as we progress through the year. We were pleased with the operating margin of 21% last year and the fact that it was the second consecutive year with 100 basis points of margin improvement. We remain well positioned to drive modest operating margin improvements in 2022, although the improvement will be less than the prior two years due to two principal factors  higher compensation costs due to both hiring and wage increases and the impact of the 53rd week which is expected to reduce the operating margin by approximately 20 basis points.  On a segment basis, the DSA operating margin is expected to be the primary contributor to the margin improvement in 2022 and the leverage from higher revenue growth is expected to drive the operating margin towards its longer-term target in the mid 20% range.  Corporate expenses are expected to be in the mid 5% range, as well as slightly below the 2021 level of 5.6% of the total revenue. We expect unallocated corporate expenses to be a small contributor to the margin expansion this year because our scalable infrastructure and investments, including in our digital enterprise, enable us to drive greater efficiencies and leverage corporate costs.  The non-GAAP tax rate for 2022 is expected to be in the low 20% range, which will be a slight increase from 18.9% in 2021. The increase is principally due to the discrete tax benefits in 2021, associated with R&D tax credits, and the favorable excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation, neither of which is expected to recur at the same level. Our 2022 tax rate guidance assumes no impact from potential US tax reform initiatives at this time.  As a reminder, the first quarter tax rate has been meaningfully lower in recent years due primarily to the excess tax benefit related to stock compensation. Given our current stock price, we expect this to continue to be true in 2022, resulting in a non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-teens for the first quarter.  Total adjusted net interest expense in 2022 is expected to increase to a range of $83 million to $87 million compared to $79 million last year. We expect a year-over-year increase to be driven by the outlook for higher variable interest rates, primarily in the US, partly offset by repayment of debt.  Our assumptions for interest rates include several rate increases this year, which is generally consistent with the Federal Reserve's guidance. It is important to note that the interest rate impact will be somewhat muted by the fact that slightly more than 50% of our debt is in fixed rate bonds that will not fluctuate.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.7 billion, equating to gross and net leverage ratios of approximately 2.5 times. We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and, as always, intend to deploy capital to the areas that we think will generate the greatest returns.  Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation. Absent any meaningful M&A, we will evaluate other uses of capital, including debt repayment. Our expectations for the diluted share count will be to exit the year, with slightly more than 52 million shares outstanding, which does not assume any stock repurchases at this time.  In 2021, free cash flow was $532 million, an increase of 40% from the preceding year and above our prior outlook of approximately $500 million due to the strong operating performance and working capital management. As indicated in January, we expect free cash flows for 2022 to be approximately $450 million. This is a decrease of $80 million from last year due entirely to an anticipated $130 million increase in capital expenditures or expected to total approximately $360 million in 2022.  With robust client demand exceeding our expectations in 2021 and expected to continue, we believe we will require CapEx of approximately 9% of total revenue in 2022 to provide the additional capacity needed to keep pace with demand.  Legacy businesses are driving most of the year-over-year capital increase, with safety assessment responsible for approximately two-thirds of the increase and the remaining from the manufacturing segment.  A summary of our 2022 financial guidance can be found on slide 40. As a reminder, we will add a 53rd week at the end of the fourth quarter of 2022, which is periodically required to true-up our fiscal year to a December 31 calendar year end. The 53rd week has historically been characterized as a partial week of revenue simply because during the holiday  full week of costs.  Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2022, our outlook includes year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 10% on both a reported and organic basis. As Jim mentioned, the DSA revenue growth rate is expected to improve in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter level. This will be offset by a low RMS growth rate, reflecting the comparison to an exceptionally strong start in China last year.  We are also confident that the revenue growth rate will accelerate during the year, reflecting the robust DSA order book which extends into 2023 and includes higher pricing as well as the anticipated improvement in the RMS growth rate from the first quarter level. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to increase at a high-single digit rate from $2.53 last year, reflecting a mid-teens tax rate and year-over-year increase in interest expense.  In conclusion, we are very pleased with our financial performance in 2021 and believe that we are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2022. Our expected 2022 performance reflects our ongoing focus on disciplined investing to support the growth of our businesses, our efforts to drive efficiency, the speed and responsiveness with which we operate and our goal to continually enhance our relationships with our clients.  We are also confident in our ability to achieve our 2022 financial targets, including approximately 150 basis points of operating margin expansions from the 2021 level.  Thank you. 
Todd Spencer : That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik de Bruin: Jim, just getting some questions this morning from people that are trying to square your commentary on the really high bookings number. And I think some people think that maybe the fourth quarter DSA came in a little bit light and the Q1 guide is a little bit below what some people thinking. Can you just sort of walk through the sort of like how to reconcile the bullish outlook in the bookings number with what people are perceiving as maybe a little bit softer numbers?
James Foster: It's a further manifestation of our continued articulation that these studies sort of star and when they start and stop, and then they don't care about our fiscal quarters. But by the same token, we've been able, I think, to call the years pretty accurately  or very accurately. So, we had over 12% growth in DSA segment last year, which we're proud of and we just got it to stronger growth mid-teens this year. So I can say several things.  So, it kind of ended the year where it ended. We just said that the first quarter will be better. We have a lot of things going on, Derek. We have literally studies booking into 2023. You've known us a long time. That's sort of new. We ended 2021 with a backlog that was a billion dollars higher than the prior year, which is also quite extraordinary. We're getting a lot of price. We're going to stop short as usual of breaking out that price, but we're getting a significant amount of price. And a lot of that price sort of builds through the back half of the year as we've had all these studies book into the back half of the year.  So, we have, I would say, the best visibility we've ever had. We've had bookings elongated out more than they ever had with, I don't know, if it's the best pricing. I think it's probably the best pricing that we've seen as well. And very strong conversations about clients, about focus primarily on do you have a slot for me and when can you start and do you perform this sort of work rather than always starting with price. So, we're very pleased that we're getting paid for what has become, and I know you understand this well, very, very complex studies. The studies have grown increasingly more complex as you're looking at immunological impacts or genetic impacts.  So, we feel really good about DSA, really good about safety assessment, in particular really good about having hired more people in the second half of the year  I'm talking now about 2021, than the beginning of the year, which means that we're rolling into 2022 with a higher workforce that's trained and available to do the work. So, I hope that helps. We feel particularly strong about how we've guided you all for the year in that business.
Derik de Bruin: I know you normally don't give bookings numbers, but is there any sort of like color you can give on the quarter-to-quarter improvement?
James Foster: Tests, we do it on a quarterly basis. But I think that backlog number is quite interesting. That's a big pop year-over-year, quite solid, a lot of pricing in there. So, we will see it continue to improve as the year unfolds.
Derik de Bruin: If I can squeeze in one follow up, and I'll leave the biotech financing question to somebody else. But I'm getting a bunch of questions on cell and gene therapy demand and just your confidence in that demand for that market sort of being there. I think some investors are a little skeptical of the cell and gene therapy, the expectations about demand being built out of capacity out there is ultimately to be filled, just given the complexities of that market. I guess, what's your confidence that the capacity you're building out, the demands you're assuming for cell and gene therapy is going to materialize?
James Foster: We're relatively early days here, but deep into the integration of all of these assets we bought last year. I would say that our client-facing capability and design is being well received. Demand is increasing and business is improving in most of those businesses. For us, it's about getting the word out that we have these services and what the breadth of the portfolio is. But we think we're in a very strong competitive position, particularly if you link that with the rest of the portfolio. 15% of our revenue is going to come from there.  So, we're seeing good demand from cell and gene therapy. We're going to see that exemplified in the Manufacturing segments, both in biologics, both in the CDMO space, we're also going to see that play through some aspects of discovery and safety. So, we're seeing anticipated level of demand that we expected when we did those deals. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: I'll ask the biotech funding question. Jim, you said in your comments that funding is great. It looks like the first quarter, at least from an IPO standpoint, will maybe be the first quarter that it will be down quite a bit. From your standpoint, does that sort of impact the way you guys think about the year and budgeting or do you think funding from other sources is still big enough to offset slowness there?
James Foster: It really doesn't. It really doesn't, John. Last year was a very strong year. I don't know, I feel it's the second strongest. Even the fourth quarter was, I think, in the top five strongest. We've done a very bottoms-up careful analysis of some balance sheets of all of our clients. We think there is at least still three years of cash available for them from a sort of capital markets, I guess, from a variety of sources. And so, they've got the capital markets, they've got direct inflows into the VC funds, and of course, they've got direct inflows from pharma, as they always have.  As I think we are literally the canary in the coal mine, I can tell you that we have no conversations at all with any clients about their concern, about several things, about any sort of articulation of a pullback or slippage, overweight or we can't prosecute our full portfolio with none of that, either current or forward looking. We have nobody that's not paying the bills.  I do think that  as I said for many years, the biotech industry, particularly  not wastefully. I think they're very well banked right now. I think the multiple modalities, particularly many of the new ones, particularly cell and gene therapy and the RNAi drove  continued to strengthen the outlook and funding capabilities to these companies. And I think a quarter blip, if it even lasts a quarter in the IPO market relative to interest rates and all the other stuff that's going on, I understand why you asked the question. People looking at, I think it's potentially over reading the situation or kind of waiting for things to be less robust, but we think they're very well financed going forward and they're not articulating any concern.  We pay attention to that stuff every day and we listen for it as well. And we make sure that we're communicating with our clients in a way that we understand how they're looking out into the future. I guess, conversely, if somehow this situation I just described, would it change in any meaningful way or significant way, which I absolutely don't think it will, I think we'd hear it first, given our footprint and given how much interface we have with so many clients. So, no indications at all that there's any concern, and I don't really think there's any significant impact of the spending abilities. 
John Kreger: Quick follow-up on CapEx. It looks like your budget is about $130 million. Can you just talk about where those investments are going?
James Foster: I think first thing to just think about is just the scale of the company. So, it's a much larger company and we're growing faster. So, those are sort of two kind of basic comments. Third is that we have a pretty big infrastructure, whatever it is, 5 million square feet of space. So, on a maintenance basis, we have a lot of facilities to take care of.  Having said that, most of the increase is for new growth and development. It's incremental work. And most of that is in legacy businesses, and particularly in safety assessment. So, we are working really hard as the safety assessment continues to escalate, growth that escalates, which it is, again, with all the pricing, all the things we just talked about.  We have to get the capacity in place relatively well in advance. So, as we said, previously, kind of 18 to 24 months in advance. So, increasing that capacity builds for probably the back half of 2023 and 2024, which is what we're doing now because we've already built what we need for 2022 and the first half of 2023, isn't optional. As you know, we're very careful not to over step our bounds and not to overbuild by the same token, and we definitely don't want to be capacity constrained with a market that's growing quickly. And we're gaining share and encountering more work. So, I think there we have new businesses, particularly the cell and gene therapy, CDMO businesses which are adding to that, but they aren't adding to that in a way that somehow intensifies the span, but just it's part of a larger business. So, I'd say the principal determinant is the growth rate and space need for safety assessment business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. 
Tycho Peterson: Ain't to split hairs here, but are you going to talk at all about January trends or year-to-date trends? I understand you're booking studies out to 2023 and you're expecting . But can you just talk as to whether things did hold up the beginning of the year so far?
James Foster: We typically don't do that. I think I'd rather say that we ended the year strong, we anticipate improvement in several of our businesses in the first quarter, principally, and particularly the DSA business. The demand is certainly there for those businesses, in particular. And as I said a moment ago answering another question, we see those bookings and the escalation and the price continuing to unfold through the back half of the year. And we don't see any logical rationale why that won't happen. These are the first time we booked that far out into the next year, I think ever, and that's a commentary on the volume of work, how well capacity is utilized across the system, not just the Charles River, and how much the robust nature of the discovery pipelines that these clients have. So, we're looking for sequential improvement principally in DSA in the first quarter.
Tycho Peterson: And the follow-up, I know you've shied away in the past from kind of quantifying price increases, but is there any way you can just help us think about kind of the magnitude, whether this could be a source of friction with clients? And then, I guess, in your view, what constitutes margin improvement? And how do we think about the trade-offs here between wage inflation, CDMO you're integrating and the price increases you talked about?
James Foster: I'll let David jump in in a minute, but, again, without giving the explicit pricing increases, our price increases, principally in safety assessment, which I think is at the root of your question, increased 2021 over 2020 meaningfully and will increase meaningfully again 2022 over 2021. And that's like fact. These are booked studies. And as I said, they actually improve in the back half of the year  continue improving in the back half of the year.  It's all a function and a manifestation, demand and capacity, available space and the complexity of the work that's going on. So, we feel very good about that pricing and we feel that it's at appropriate levels. David, why don't you take the sort of offsetting nature of price increase and inflation, et cetera. 
David Smith: Just to pick up on that price conversation, it's best to say that the segment where we have the highest price increases is actually in our largest segment, which is DSA. And you've already heard, Jim mentioned earlier that we've seen a billion dollar increase in the order book going out into 2023. So, we've got our biggest segment as a massive step up in the order books, and we have the highest price increases in the area.  So, that helps us offset some of these higher inflationary costs that everybody's seeing in 2022. And we've also got continued investments in our business, not least of which are digital. And it's worth calling out that despite that, we expect to deliver a modest margin improvement. And we have a 20 basis point headwind from the 53rd week this year. So, it would be nice if we didn't have the 53rd week because we could add that 20 basis points in and we might get a bit more than the modest improvement over last year. And we still believe in the long-term targets for 2024, another 150 basis points if you take this year and the next couple of years. So, we do feel that we're in a position that we can pass on, if you like, some of these cost pressures to our customers through the pricing. So, it's nice to be in a position that we can do that. 
Operator: Our next question from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: I wanted to try to tie a couple of themes together and questions that I'm also getting. So, thinking about growth in the progression of growth, it sounds like, particularly in DSA, you're expecting to improve off a  I think it's about an 8% number in the fourth quarter. But if I'm to read the tea leaves, it sounds like maybe not quite reaching double digits. Your full-year expectation is mid-teens for DSA. So maybe you could help us understand, you've mentioned pricing unfolds as the year progresses, but help us understand how you get to the mid-teens target for the full year against comps that get a little tougher as we progress through 2Q and 3Q, starting off at a level that maybe is about a little better than half that growth rate.
James Foster: We get there by increased demand, so accelerating demand, with sufficient capacity, with considerably higher price points and the knowledge that this will occur, given how far back into the back end of the year this is booked. So, it's actually the best visibility we've had in an awfully long time. So, that's how we get there.
David Smith: Let me just add some points there. So, Dave, Q1 is somewhat handicapped by a drop in RMS, which we called out because of the strong computations that we had in Q1 last year with China. Right? So, in a way that kind of compresses Q1. At the same time, DSA is doing well from our perspective as we pick up from Q4 position. So, that's one thought just to bear in mind. Another way of putting it, if we didn't have that compression from RMS, we would be posting higher numbers.  Another point to bear in mind is that, as we get into the second half of the year, we do have the CDMO businesses becoming organic. And we did call out that there's 150 basis points improvement in the second half of the year or broadly that, that sort of  in the second half of the year. So that also helps with the second half of the year. So those are two of the softer points to point out. The major point is the one that Jim pointed out that we've got more demand, more price, great visibility, we can see it, we can see what's being booked in Q3 and Q4. And we know what prices that I'll put into those places too.  So, from our perspective, the Q1 is somewhat depressed because of RMS, but as you go through the remainder of the year, you get that bounce from the CDMO becoming organic. But the real driver here, the core driver here is the improvement in DSO with the volume and pricing
David Windley: Again, focusing on DSA, in particular, Jim, you said earlier that the  to John's question on CapEx that the spending you're embarking on now is more for late 2023, 2024 capacity, you have the 2022 and 2023 capacity in place. I guess I'm wondering, does that mean now? Or is it rolling out through the year? Another way to ask the question is, are you somewhat capacity constrained from a volume standpoint to start off the year until maybe some new capacity comes on? Or yet another way to ask the question is when your clients are approaching you and saying do you have a spot for me, why isn't the answer yes, I do in 1Q to start off the year even faster?
James Foster: I would describe it that we're not capacity constrained. We have lots of long-term studies that are booking out for a long period of time. We have reserved spots for shorter term studies to get people in earlier. It's a very positive situation, just in terms of kind of a supply/demand quotient that we have. We have sufficient space to accommodate our clients' needs. We're also getting our clients to prioritize what studies they actually need to start early, as opposed to saying we have 10 studies, we want them all to start in two months, which is typically what we've had in years past.  So, I'd say it's a much better dialogue with where we're causing and requiring our clients to plan, which is not something historically they've done well. We've caused them to prioritize, which is very, very powerful for us. And we've been able to slot them in throughout the year. So, I wouldn't say that we're capacity constrained. I would say that the capacity for the industry, if you can call us an industry, is sort of appropriate, so the demand curve is enough to accommodate new work, but not tomorrow. There's some waiting period.  And, of course, we build space slightly in advance of how much we think we'll need. Which, of course, we have a plan for the next five years and we have to extrapolate that and build it out accordingly. So, I think we've done a very good job for probably 10 years now staying ahead of the demand curve, which is obviously and clearly intensifying, just as we've become a bigger player.  I feel very good about the capacity, both in terms of overall square footage, but perhaps more importantly, the proximity of our sites to clients, which puts us in a stronger position than the competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. 
Patrick Donnelly: Jim, maybe one on China? Obviously, you guys have exposure areas like RMS there more than the corporate average. So, can you just talk about the outlook there? Obviously, not a direct impact, but there's been some disruption on the CDMO side with the unverified list and things like that. So, can you talk about your outlook there? It's been a nice growth vertical for you guys in RMS. I'm just curious the outlook on that front.
James Foster: It's pretty much the same as it always has been. We have another small business, the microbial business. So, basically, with the research models and services play for us in China and we really have no plans to expand that. I'd say the research model and services business is performing so well just from a quality point of view that we have  I don't know how to put it, I have no interference or support from the government to put it that way, but I think there's an acknowledgement that we are an important element in the whole drug research and development paradigm in China that there's real professionalism and ensuring bacteriological and virological and genetic quality of animals. And so, it's a market that is very big, it's huge investments, recently sort of a mid-tier. And in biotech, there's CROs cropping up, investment obviously also in the pharmaceutical industries and sort of a bunch of lower quality government-owned competitors that we've had for a period of years.  So the business is growing to double-digit growth business, has very good operating margins, it's very capacity dependent because it's a big country. So, the necessity and our ability to expand geographically is sort of underlying our growth rate. So, we continue to add new sites. There's a pretty much an immediate uptake  or uptick in the demand, rather than trucking or flying animals over very long distances, we're very close by.  I've said for a number of years, it sort of feels the way Europe and the US did several decades ago. So, I think it's a long runway. I think this will be a meaningful business for us. We're beginning to branch out. We start with the research model, production side of the business, just making models. And now we're in all of our services, including GEMS and RED and IS, and now we have a cradle operation over there. So, all of the things that we do in that business in a worldwide basis, we brought to China.  So, the government either doesn't care about us or kind of quietly acknowledges that we're enhancing the level of play or the quality of research in China and is supporting us. And I'll just remind you, just so that that will totally make sense to you, is that we bought a preexisting Chinese company. And we didn't buy all of it. We own almost all of it now, but we didn't buy all of it at the beginning. So, we do think that that asset has always been looked at by the Chinese government as a Chinese company, even though it's owned by a US company. And so, we're enjoying our run there. I think it's an important business. It's one of the growth drivers of our research model business. We don't anticipate any sort of government difficulty or intervention. We think the competitive scenario is quite favorable for us. 
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just a quick follow-up on the capital allocation side. I know you mentioned share repurchases are possible, given where the stock is. Maybe just on the M&A side, can you talk a little bit about your philosophy? It certainly doesn't sound like you're wavering  leaning in on areas like cell and gene therapy, areas that are a little more tied to the high growth funding environment. Any changes to your desire to continue to increase exposure to those types of areas inorganically here? 
A - James Foster: And some of the areas that we're in, we'd like to have larger capabilities. And some of the areas that we're in, we'd like to have broader geographic reach. So, we're staying focused in the areas in which we play, in which we have oftentimes the leadership position or at least a strong position, and which is responsive to continued demands from our clients or expectations from our clients in terms of the products or services that we provide them that they either can't get elsewhere or can't get it all or don't want to do themselves.  So, yeah. I guess, additionally, I would add that we have these 16 technology deals that we've done. Some of those deals, like a Distributed Bio, which is a large molecule discovery platform, will become acquisitions. Some of those will fall by the wayside because the technologies don't work, but some of those will become acquisitions after very thorough due diligence. So, yeah, we aim to continue to strengthen the portfolio principally through M&A.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI. 
Elizabeth Anderson: I guess on the first side, just on the sort of bookings commentary that you mentioned, is there anything you can say in terms of mix of clients? Like, has there been any changes in terms of more larger clients or larger biotechs or anything like that that's sort of different from historical trends that you've been seeing?
James Foster: Probably not. We don't give that fine-tuned clarity. We talked about it with you folks, except to say that pharma continues to outsource more work, they continue to  they definitely don't build any new space to do the things we do. I would say they are rapidly outsourcing most of the things that we do with, with some, but very few exceptions. They look to biotech to be the discovery engines, for sure. So they provide funding. And then, I would say that biotech, both large, medium and small, is a disproportionate driver of our growth, for obvious reasons.  The obvious reasons are that biotech companies, with a handful  literally one handful of exceptions, and you can name all five of those companies, and even those companies are principally outsourcers, but any biotech startup, even a biotech company that's a few years old, that's gone public and pre-revenue, they have no internal capability to do anything that we do. None. And they have no internal capability  forget us, they have no internal capability to develop their own drug. So, they have to go outside, they have to externalize it's not optional. They have to decide who they're going to work with.  And interestingly  and I know you've heard this before, but I think it's worth repeating. Interestingly, I would say, as a class of clients, they are less price sensitive than big pharmaceutical companies, just because they're in a race to get to market, they often have one shot on goal, they often have a single drug or single modality or a single concept that maybe they have IP on and getting a slot, working with a company like us that actually understands the science and the regulatory environment and getting them over the finish line is more important to them than the price of the study. Because if they don't do it in a timely fashion, if it's not done well, they can miss getting to market.  So, we like the blend of clients. There is  what is it? Maybe there's 10 big drug companies left in the world. And I think there will be further consolidation. So, we love them. They're very big clients, they're very big outsourcers. But on a fully going basis, biotech will continue to be the principal driver of our growth.
Elizabeth Anderson: I think if we look back historically, last time, there was sort of like a decline in biotech funding on the order that we're seeing was sort of maybe the 2016 kind of timeframe. And it did seem that that year, actually, your organic growth accelerated and then the growth actually slowed in the subsequent year. And I know, obviously, your business mix is different versus then. But is there anything you can point to in terms of visibility into say 2023? I know you've talked about some of your DSA being booked sort of through that time period that could sort of help give us comfort into sort of that longer term growth profile?
James Foster: Just to sort of reflect further, I guess what I said earlier, it's unprecedented to be booking this far in advance. The strength of the pricing paradigm is quite interesting. I think that's a commentary on how much work there is out there and limited number of providers and the complexity of the work, for sure, because we basically said, your studies were way more complex, you need to pay us for that because you can't do it yourself with regard to big pharma and biotech. Certainly can't do it themselves.  I'd say, we have multiple years of cash, much of which came from the capital markets, but pharma will continue to be a principal source of funding as well, money that's going into the VC sector. We have a lot of work from VC clients. I think we said it the last time we had one of these calls around  or slightly more than 10% of our revenue is coming from VC portfolio companies. So, that's quite positive.  And just again, we have no dialogue about pricing or concerns about funding. We only have a dialogue about, can you accommodate our work. So, I don't have a crystal ball that provides great clarity on what's going to happen for the future. But given the strength of the modalities, given the strength of our competitive posture, given the funding environment, even if it moderates a bit, we think we're in a very strong position to continue to grow our franchise at levels that we've talked about, low-double digits, like I think we said through 2024, operating margin is getting to 22.5%. We remain very confident about that. And I'd say that the current situation was starting the year with bookings that much higher than the prior year, billion dollars higher and start booking  work booking into the next year is a bit unusual and I think a sort of a manifestation of the demand curve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.
Tejas Savant: Just one quick follow-up there, Jim, on Elizabeth's question regarding customer mix. Is there any sort of data points that you can share on what your exposure is to pre-commercial stage customers? I guess the question we're all getting is the, this public market funding slowdown might sort of disproportionately impact customers in that category versus large or mid-sized pharma that already have products in the market. So just curious as to anything you can share along those lines.
James Foster: We've never broken it down that way. And obviously, lots of companies, maybe most  not maybe, most companies in the biotech space have pre-revenue. So, I'm not sure how helpful that distinction would be for you. So, if the companies are well funded, if the companies, more importantly, have breakthrough technology, if the companies have technology that could provide either a therapy or a cure for an unmet medical need, it's sort of inconceivable to us that there would be funding either directly from the capital markets or from big pharma who will want those assets. Again, we built up our analysis on how much money available to the client  that client. And we talk to these clients every day and we hear no concern at all about funding, either immediate or in the future. Just none, not part of the dialogue.  So, I have no idea if or when that would change. I don't see why it would, given that there are several years of cash available to them. So, we have sort of a meaningful amount of our clients probably fit that category. I don't know the exact percentage, and we've never broken it down that way probably.
Tejas Savant: On HemaCare and Cellero, Jim, I think you called out sort of hoping for an improvement here through 2022. Can you just give us an update on some of the initiatives you have in place outside of the market dynamics itself that can help you get there?
James Foster: We continue to strengthen and enhance the management team there. I'd say kind of particularly on the sales side and connected with other parts of the company. Both the specific cell and gene therapy assets that we have bought, but also other parts of the business,. so that we have this sort of elegant pull-through. I'd say that's number one. Number two, we've redesigned our donor rooms to accommodate for some of the COVID concerns. And perhaps more importantly than that, we've opened additional donor rooms. So, our capacity has expanded dramatically.  And the last thing that we've done is dramatically sort of enhanced our social media outreach to both identify donors and qualify them. So, much more rigor in that process or rigor in the capacity. Much more, I think, elegant and conservative outlook as the demand remains quite strong. And so, we're more mindful of the fact that that business will continue to improve throughout 2022.
Tejas Savant: One final cleanup for me on biologic safety testing. I know you mentioned this COVID vaccine lot release testing revenue that's expected to moderate in 2022. Can you just help put some numbers around what it was like in 2021 and where we should expect that to go this year?
James Foster: We won't give you the numbers, except to say that those were big contracts that have moderated. They blew the biologics revenue up to a 30% growth rate we reported in the second and third quarter. If you back those out, that business is growing at about 20%, which we reiterated this morning. So, it was nice to have it. We'll still have some of that because, obviously, there's considerable work still going on with the older vaccines and perhaps some new ones, anticipating some variants and just sort of vaccine work generally. But the principal driver of growth for the biologics business is, obviously, the plethora of large molecules generally, but specifically demand for cell and gene therapy drugs. So, we continue to feel very good about the short and long-term growth part of that business. We anticipate improving operating margins in that business and we have a very strong competitive capability, particularly enhanced by the cell and gene therapy assets that we bought.  From a competitive point of view, we just have a much broader portfolio of products and services that we can sell.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: A lot of questions have been asked here. I'll just stick with kind of one for me kind of high level, Jim. You've been asked this a number of times, but I'll ask it again, just to hear any updated thoughts. You called that Valo, the partnership there in the AI/ML space. I'm just wondering if you can provide any updates around any case studies using AI and ML and different ways that actually can impact what you're doing and more than just theory? And is there any kind of pushback from staff around change management to the extent that any of that stuff disrupts people's daily workflows?
James Foster: It's very, very early days. So, that deal was just signed. That company looks to have some promising technology that should help get to a lead compound quicker. Or put it conversely, to kill the potential lead compounds that really won't pan out. And that technology in concert with some of the things that we do, both in vivo and in vitro, should benefit the discovery part of our business, in particular, but also the services that we provide to clients who are looking  all of them are looking to get things to market faster.  So, it's very early days. This won't be the only AI deal that we do. There are multiple AI technologies out there. So, we're probably going to have several shots on goal. But this is a  the company is pretty advanced and quite sophisticated and the technology looks extremely promising.  If it works, I think that's not disruptive at all to what we do. I think it's an enhancement to what we do to provide that as part of our service and our portfolio to probably  not probably, to reduce the timeframe. I would anticipate increased revenue and profit as a result of being able to pull things forward since time is certainly money for these folks. And yeah, to your question, I think so much of AI is anecdotal. But so much of AI should work and should benefit both preclinical and clinical aspects of drug development by designing better trials with better predicted outcomes. I think everybody believes that some aspect of that is possible. The question is, how long will it take and how profound will it be and how much will it transform things. We're looking at it sort of very surgically that that would help us with certain aspects of our discovery business to get to get to a lead candidate faster. So, we'll give updates as this relationship develops. Valo will probably give its own updates. We'll try to do some things on a combined basis, but it's going to take a while to prove the thesis out, for sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sourbeer with UBS.
John Sourbeer: Microbial is expected to normalize growth this year after some of the COVID benefits, but still grow 10%? Can you talk a little bit on the sustainability of that outlook and what is the current market penetration and any way to think about what percentage of the manufacturing segment is microbial?
James Foster: It's a business that has pretty much for the entire time we've owned it, which is 25 years, grown at double-digit rate. So, it's an extraordinary business. It's the only business that we do pure R&D and we have IP on all of our technology, and we're generation or two ahead of the competition. And so, we have very good visibility. A lot of that business now is the sort of razor and razor blade structure. We have these handheld devices that we sell that have cartridges that are used and thrown away, usually daily. So, we have this built in base and we have thousands of those machines out there. And once clients validate working with our machine, which by the way, is a higher price per test than the competition or even our own historical technology, but gives you a much faster answer, which the speed is money to the client.  So, had a little bit of disruption from COVID as machine deliveries and reagents were back up, but we're past that. We have several technologies in that business. We have an endotoxin testing business, but also business that looks for bacterial contamination and also identifies what the bacterial contamination was. So, if you produced a lot of drug and it was contaminated, you need to know how it got contaminated and where it got contaminated. We're able to do that. It's all required by law, by the way.  So, business has enormous long-term benefits. We're by far the market leader. I'm not going to give you explicit numbers because we've never done it. But we're in the process of transferring some a lot of clients that have used our historical technology to this new technology. And we still have a long way to go in that transformation. And it will be at much higher price points and much higher margins. So, we're well into it, providing advancements to the technology all the time, staying close to the regulatory authorities all the time and really continuing to have terrific penetration into some very, very big pharma companies that utilize this in a whole host of both medical device and drug companies as well. In some ways, it's the most stable, high growth business. We've just been growing at this double digit level, as I said, the whole time we've owned it. It's going to be a very big business now. I think we've given some details. You may be able to figure out the size of it, as what portion of the manufacturing piece, but we don't explicitly or specifically break that out. 
David Smith: If you consider microbial, biologics testing, CDMO and avian, the four units, of those four units, microbial is the largest piece. We have called that out.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer : Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. This concludes the call. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 13:02:02) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  I will now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Todd Spencer, Vice President Investor Relations. You may begin.
Todd Spencer: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories 3rd Quarter 2021 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the 3rd Quarter of 2021. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call today, and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor.  All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During the call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance.  The non-GAAP financial measures are meant -- not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Our strong third quarter results demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and the progress we've made on its execution, as well as the sustained strength of the industry fundamentals. As anticipated, third quarter revenue increased at a low teens rate organically and we reported mid-teens earnings per share growth. We believe that Charles River is a stronger Company today than it has ever been. We have seen unprecedented demand across most of our businesses and we believe that this coupled with the strength of our leading non-clinical portfolio will enable us to achieve our low double-digit Organic revenue growth target over the longer term, as well as in 2022.  As a result, we are continuing to invest, to add people on capacity, to accommodate growing client demand, and to build a scalable operating model. To enhance our scientifically distinguished portfolio, to strengthen our relationship with clients, and to work with them to device outsourcing solutions which enabled them to increase productivity and speed to market. We have maintained our focus on non-clinical drug research and manufacturing solutions. Strategically expanding our portfolio to provide clients with the critical capabilities that require to discover, develop, and safely manufacture new drugs. Last month, we divested our RMS operations in Japan and our CDMO site in Sweden for a total of approximately $115 million plus potential contingent payments of up to an additional $25 million.  We routinely evaluate the strategic fit and fundamental performance of our global infrastructure for acquisitions and legacy sites alike, and have sold or closed operations that didn't meet our key business criteria but may have been underperforming financially. The decision to divest these 2 operations was consistent with our evaluation process. And we intend to redeploy the capital in other growth areas of our business. Moving to the third quarter, highlights of our financial performance are as follows. We reported revenue of $895.9 million in the third quarter of '21. A 20.5% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth was 13.6% with each of our business segments contributing a strong performance.  Last year's COVID, impact resulted in a modest 170 basis point increase to Organic revenue growth. From a client perspective, biotech's continued to drive revenue growth with global biopharmaceutical clients also making solid contributions to the quarter. Third quarter reported revenue growth was affected by a $10 million foreign exchange headwind compared to our prior outlook. Notwithstanding the FX impact, we continue to see strong, sustained client demand across most of our businesses with trends largely consistent with the first two quarters of this year. The operating margin was 21.4%, a decrease of a 130-basis points year-over-year.  As anticipated, the decline was primarily driven by the comparison to the strong third quarter of last year, which benefited from COVID cost controls, as well as the impact of a Cognate and Vigene acquisitions on the manufacturing segment's operating margin. With an operating margin 21% for the first 9 months of the year, we are squarely on track to achieve our goal of approximately 21% for 2021, which represents a 100-basis point increase over the prior year. This also demonstrates our commitment to driving efficiency and achieving our longer-term margin target of 22.5% in 2024.  Earnings per share were $2.40 in the third quarter, an increase of 15.9% from $2.33 in the third quarter of last year. This result was favorable to our prior outlook to in large part to a lower-than-expected tax rate. David will provide some additional details on the tax rate shortly. With the sustained strength of the demand environment, our revised financial guidance for '21 reflects 3 primary factors. Unfavorable movements in foreign exchange, a lower tax rate, and the divestitures. Reported revenue growth was lowered by approximately a 150 basis points at midpoint to a range of 19.5% to 20.5% to primarily reflect current FX rates, as well as the impact of these RMS Japan and CDMO Sweden divestitures.  We have narrowed our Organic revenue growth outlook to 13.5 to 14.5% with approximately 275 basis points of this increase generated by the comparison to last year's COVID-19 impact. Normalized organic growth is expected to be squarely in the low double-digits range this year, and that is consistent with our targeted growth rate next year as well. We also narrowed non-GAAP earnings-per-share guidance to a range of $10.20 to $10.30, which represents just over 25% year-over-year growth. We are pleased to have maintained our EPS growth within the previous range, even after absorbing the impact of the divestitures. I'd like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment.  DSA revenue in the third quarter was $531.83 million, a 13% increase on an organic basis, with Strength and Safety Assessment including Lab Sciences and Bio-analytical Services and Discovery Services. Demand for our services and price increases are driving low double-digit organic growth in the DSA segment, which is a trend that we expect to continue into next year. Biotech clients are leveraging our expertise rather than investing in internal capabilities and global biopharmaceutical clients are choosing to partner with us because it's more efficient to leverage our flexible infrastructure instead of maintaining or expanding their own.  We believe we have become the principal partner of choice for biotech clients of all sizes. Demand for our services is high because the sustained level of biotech funding is enabling clients to meaningfully invest in early-stage research at an accelerated pace. And because they don't have the internal capabilities to do the type of work that we perform for them. To meet our client's growing needs, we have focused our business on unmatched scientific expertise, rapid turnaround times, flexible creative solutions, and the ability to accommodate the increasing complexity of our clients research programs.  The Safety Assessment business continued to perform very well in the third quarter. And bookings and proposal volume continued to track at record levels. As we have mentioned throughout the year, clients are choosing to book the Safety Assessment studies further in advance, which enhances their ability to start working with us as soon as the molecules are ready. These early bookings which now extend well into 2022 translate into greater visibility and a stronger book of business for us. Strong demand for our services requires us to closely manage the current workload by adding staff, capacity and other necessary resources while managing the continual shifts in client timelines and study protocols that are associated with booking work further out.  Because of our client focused business approach, we believe we can balance their priorities and our capabilities effectively, making Charles River an even more indispensable research partner of the clients, both large and small. We're also making progress on our goals to continually improve our connectivity with clients. including through digital enhancements as we strive to take an additional year out of our clients drug development timelines. The discovery business had a strong year driven by our comprehensive portfolio of oncology CNS, early discovery, and antibodies discovery capabilities. Biotech clients continue to choose to invest in their pipelines instead of infrastructure.  And utilize our integrated services to move their programs forward. Global biopharmaceutical companies are continuing to increase their reliance on outsourcing strategies for the Discovery Programs, because they prefer to leverage our cutting-edge and industrialized discovery capabilities, and flexible solutions to create a more efficient R&D model. We are pleased to be working with both biotech and global biopharma clients, partnering with them to discover develop, and bring critical therapies to patients who need them.  To support the robust demand from these clients, we will continue to strengthen our portfolio by expanding our scale, our science and clients our innovative technologies through a combination of internal investment M&A and our strategic partnership strategy. By doing so, we are enabling our clients to remain with one scientific partner from target identification through IND filing, and beyond and solidifying our position as the leading non-clinical CRO. The DSA operating margin decreased by 90 basis points to 24.3% in the third quarter, but increased sequentially. The year-over-year decline was due to foreign exchange which reduced the DSA operating margin by approximately 70 basis points and a Discovery milestone payment which contributed 50 basis points to last year's DSA operating margin.  RMS revenue was $171.3 million, an increase of 10.7% on an organic basis over the third quarter of 2020, with approximately 200 basis points of the increase attributable to the comparison to last year's COVID-related revenue impact. The RMS performance largely reflects the trends that we have experienced all year. Robust demand for research models, particularly in China, broad-based growth across Research Model Services partially offset by continued headwinds for the cell supply business.  The Research Model's Business continued to experience strong double-digit growth in China, as well as solid performance in North America, which we believe correlates with the increased level of non-clinical research activity that's being conducted by biopharmaceutical and academic clients. We believe the global focus on scientific innovation is sustainable and will continue to drive client demand. However, the biopharmaceutical market in Japan has not participated in this trend. As a result, we chose to divest our RMS operation to Japan with an opportunistic sale to the Jackson Laboratories. We have established a licensing agreement under which Jacks will produce and distribute our models in Japan.  Research Model Services performed very well. GEMS has benefiting from strong outsourcing demand as our clients seek the greater flexibility and efficiency they gain when we managed their proprietary model colonies. The greater complexity of scientific research and our proprietary models that our clients are creating further reinforced the value proposition for the GEMS business. Our clients need for greater flexibility and efficiency is also driving demand for our Insourcing Solutions or IS business, our CRADL initiative, which provides both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity at Charles River sites.  Last month, we announced the expansion of our cradle footprint in the Boston Cambridge biohubs and will continue to expand in other regions including South San Francisco in South San Francisco, to provide a flexible capacity solution for our clients globally. Utilizing cradle also provides clients with collaborative opportunities to seamlessly access other Charles River services, which further enhances the speed and efficiency of the research programs. The self-supply business, which consists of HemaCare Cellero continues to be affected by limitations on donor availability as it has not fully recovered from last year's COVID-related restrictions.  We have implemented several improvement initiatives including expansion of donor capacity across multiple sites, productivity initiatives, and enhancing the digital engagement with donors. We anticipate that revenue will improve in the coming quarters because the robust demand in the cell therapy market sector remains firmly intact. The RMS operating margin decreased by a 160 basis points year-over-year to 26.1%, primarily due to the cell supply business. Like many of our businesses, cell supply is leveraged to sales volume. So we expect profitability will meaningfully improve once donor availability and the growth rate rebound. Revenue for the manufacturing segment was a $192.9 million, a 19.1% increase on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year.  The increase was primarily driven by continued strong double-digit revenue growth in both the Biologics Testing Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses as well as approximately 350 basis points attributable to the comparison to last year's COVID-related revenue impact. Microbial Solutions growth rate in the third quarter remained well above 10%, reflecting strong demand across our portfolio of critical quality control testing solutions.  We were pleased with the strength of the underlying demand for our endotoxin testing systems and Cartridges, which performed FDA mandated low -release testing on injectable drugs and medical devices. The advantages of our comprehensive portfolio, continue to resonate with our clients and we believe that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution will enable Microbial Solutions to deliver at least low double-digit Organic revenue growth this year and beyond. The Biologics Testing business reported another exceptional quarter of strong double-digit revenue, growth. Robust demand for Cell & Gene Therapy Testing Services continued to be the primary growth drivers with COVID-19 vaccines and traditional Biologics also being meaningful contributors.  We believe Cell & Gene Therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers over the longer term to support our 20% growth target for this business. Strength of the demand for these services necessitates that we continue to build our extensive portfolio of manufacturing services to ensure we have available capacity to accommodate client demand. The third quarter marks the first full quarter of the Cognate and Vigene, were pilot at Charles River. As anticipated, when we acquired Cognate, a large COVID -related project was completed in the second quarter, and we are actively adding new projects in its place.  We continue to make great progress on the integrations and believe our cell and gene therapy CDMO business will be highly complementary to our Biologics business and our portfolio as a whole. We also believe that we now have a comprehensive cell and gene therapy portfolio, which spans each of the major CDMO platforms, gene-modified cell therapy, viral vector, and plasmid DNA production. Our goal is to enable clients to conduct analytical testing, process development, and manufacturing for these advanced drugs modalities with the same scientific cadre, allowing them to achieve a goal of driving greater efficiency and accelerating their speed to market.  As mentioned earlier, the decision to divest our CDMO site in Sweden was based on several factors. For us, its capabilities including plasmid DNA were already duplicated at other CDMO sites in the U.K. and U.S. Second, we determined it would be advantageous to invest in and expand capacity at our other CDMO hubs that are more centrally located and proximate to clients. And finally, this was our smallest and least profitable CDMO site. This divestiture does not reflect any changes in client demand or the Cell & Gene Therapy CDMO sector, as we firmly believe that growth profile for this business remains at or above 25% over the longer-term.  The manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin declined by 640 basis points to 32.7%. The primary driver of the decline was the inclusion above Cognate and Vigene for the full quarter. These businesses are profitable, but their margin is below the overall manufacturing segment. As noted last quarter, we continue to expect the full-year manufacturing margin will be slightly below the mid 30% range reflecting the addition of the CDMO business. However, beyond 2021, we expect this headwind to gradually dissipate as we drive efficiency and as the significant growth we anticipate generates greater economies of scale and optimizes throughput at our CDMO sites.  We are operating in a robust business environment with excellent growth potential. Biotech finding in 2021 is continuing to track at or above the robust pre-COVID levels. The sustained funding environment, both from the capital markets in the biopharmaceutical industry, and the biotech industry's cash reserves are enabling and accelerated pace of scientific innovation. Clients, both large and small view us as their partner of choice from concept, to non-clinical development, to the safe manufacturer of their life-saving therapeutics.  To continue to successfully execute our strategy to maintain and enhance Charles River position as the leading non-clinical CRO and accommodate our clients growth needs. It's essential that we continue to make investments in our scientific capabilities through M&A technology partnerships and internal development enhance our digital enterprise to provide real-time access to critical data who both internal and client use, and also to expand our capacity and staff.  Demand for our services in the current market environment has outpaced our expectations and we have been hiring ahead of our initial plan this year to accommodate this growth. We have hired 4,000 talented people this year to both support growth and offset attrition and plan to hire an additional 1,000 people in the fourth quarter. We believe we attract qualified employees because our mission and the critical work that we do to help our clients develop life-saving therapies, distinguishes us from other companies. For a business like Charles River, staffing is a consistent challenge and which we have placed a disproportion focus. We believe we are effectively managing staffing levels, including increased cost.  And we will continue to be thoughtful with respect to compensation heading into 2022, as we strive to maintain or reduce turnover and remain competitive in the marketplace. It will be a headwind, but one that will help us to support the robust client demand and achieve our low-double-digit organic growth target that we expect in 2022. By focusing intently on our strategy, we have become a trusted scientific partner for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and non-government organizations worldwide.  We have demonstrated the value we can provide the clients and believe that is why they have trusted us to work on more than 80% of the drugs approved by the FDA over the last three years. We believe that our steady focused on our strategy to continue to enhance our portfolio will enable us to continue to achieve our long-term financial targets and deliver greater value to shareholders. In conclusion, I would like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment. I'll now ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results and updated 2021 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim. And good morning. Before we begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which execute amortization and other transaction-related challenges, cost-related primarily to our global efficiency initiative, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and . Many of my comments will also refer to Organic revenue growth which excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency translation. We are pleased with our strong results for the third quarter, which included 13.6% organic revenue growth and the 15.9% increase in earnings per share.  Operating margin in the third quarter was 21.4%, while lower than the prior year as anticipated. It represented a 60-basis point sequential increase and was in line with our full-year target of approximately 21%. In addition to the COVID cost controls last year and the CDMO acquisition this year that Jim mentioned, the third quarter operating margin was also lower than last year's robust 22.7% level because of our foreign exchange headwind, and last year's discovery milestone payment.  Although cost inflation and supply chain pressure have made headlines recently, we believe we are effectively managing the tighter labor market in our supply chain and higher cost in these areas have been reflected in our updated guidance. Lower unallocated corporate costs contributed to the third quarter operating margin coming in at 5% of revenue or $45 million compared to 5.5% of revenue last year. Corporate costs on non-linear fluctuating from quarter-to-quarter due to several factors, including health and fringe related costs and performance-based compensation.  Despite the third quarter capability, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs in the mid-5% range as a percentage of revenue for the full year. The third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 17%, representing a 490 basis point decrease from 21.9% in the third quarter of last year. A lower tax rate was due primarily to two factors, discrete tax benefits associated with R&D tax credits, and a favorable excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation associated with the higher stock price.  These benefits will also result in a reduction of our full-year non-GAAP tax rate to a range of 18% to 19% from our prior outlook of 19.5% to 20.5%. Total adjusted net interest expense in the third quarter was $20.7 million, an increase of $2 million year-over-year, reflecting higher debt balances to fund the Cognate and Vigene acquisitions but was essentially flat sequentially. At the end of third quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.9 billion representing a gross leverage ratio of 2.7 times, and a net leverage ratio of 2.6 times. For the full year, we now expect total adjusted net interest expense to be slightly lower than our prior outlook in the range of $80 to $82 million, reflecting debt repayment and continued low-variable interest rates.  Free cash flow was a $119.2 million in the third quarter, representing a decrease of 21% over a $151.1 million for the same period last year. The lower free cash flow was primarily due to higher capital expenditures, which increased by nearly $13 million to $55.5 million. For the 2 reasons for the increase in capital expenditure, we continued to invest in capacity additions and other growth projects to meet client demand, and last year's level was still constrained on COVID-related project delays. For the year, our free cash flow in CapEx guidance remains unchanged at approximately $500 million and $220 million respectively.  CapEx is expected to total over 6% of total revenue in 2021 with the robust demand environment exceeding our expectation this year, and expected to continue across our portfolio. we now believe CapEx will be about 9% of total revenue next year as we continue to add capacity to support our growth, particularly in our legacy businesses including Safety Assessment. With respect to 2021 guidance, we are updating our full-year revenue growth outlook to a range of 19.5% to 20.5% on a reported basis, reflecting the impact of the divestitures and foreign exchange and Organic revenue growth to 13.5% to 14.5%.  Foreign exchange is now expected to be less of a benefit than previously anticipated due to the strengthening of U.S. dollar over the last three months, particularly when compared to the British pound and Euro. We now expect a 150 to 200 basis point basis from FX for the year compared to our prior outlook of approximately 250 basis points. As Jim mentioned, the strength of the dollar resulted in a headwind that reduced third quarter reported revenue by approximately $10 million compared to our prior outlook. We have narrowed our earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.20 to $10.30 primarily due to the lower tax rate outlook partially offset by the divestitures.  Please keep in mind that the divestitures are expected to reduce revenue by nearly $20 million and non-GAAP earnings per share by less than $0.10 in the fourth quarter, which is reflected in the full-year 2021 financial guidance. By segment, our updated outlook for 2021 continues to reflect a sustained and healthy business environment. With our Organic revenue growth outlook narrowed within our previous range, we have maintained our segment growth expectations, including Organic revenue growth in the high-teens for the RMS segment, low-double-digit for the DSA segment, and high-teens for the manufacturing segment. On a reported basis, we moderated the segment outlook to reflect updated FX rates and the divestitures. We now expect revenue growth of the RMS segment in the high-teens range, manufacturing in the low 40% range, and DSA unchanged in the mid-teens. With regard to operating margin, our segment outlook remains effectively unchanged from our prior outlook. A detailed summary of our updated financial guidance for the full year can be found on slide 39. With one quarter remaining in the year, our fourth-quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our guidance for the full year.  The RMS Japan divestiture will affect the year-over-year comparison in the fourth quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we expect Organic revenue growth will be in the high-single-digit and reported revenue growth in the low-double-digits range. When normalized for the COVID impact, we expect our Organic revenue growth for the full-year will be squarely in below double-digit range, which is also consistent with the growth that of next year. Non - GAAP earnings per share is expected to be flat to a low single-digit increase in the fourth quarter when compared to last year's level of $2.39.  The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to return to the low 20% range, which along with the divestitures, will meaningfully constrain the earnings-per-share growth rate. I would love to provide one modeling comment with regards to next year. We will add a 53rd week at the end of the fourth quarter of 2022, which is periodically required to true up our fiscal year to a December 31st calendar year-end. A 53rd week has historically been characterized the partial week revenue since it occurs during the holiday, but a full week of costs.  To conclude, and before we try  to next year, we intend to finish the fourth quarter on a strong note and achieve our updated financial guidance for this year. Our expected 2021 performance demonstrates the progress that we're making, as well as the investments that are necessary to achieve the 2020 financial targets that we provided at our Investor Day in May, which include low-double-digit organic revenue growth, an operating margin of approximately 22.5% and non-GAAP earnings-per-share growth at a faster rate in revenue. Thank you.
Jim Foster: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: Hey, thanks very much. Jim and David, I heard you guys make a few comments about '22. Just wanted to make sure we heard that right. I think you said low double-digit organic growth expected and CapEx spending of around 9%. Anything else you can add to that early 2022 look? And maybe where should we expect the higher CapEx investing to be targeted? Thanks.
David Smith: So where? We did say that, John and we're enjoying really extraordinary demand pretty much across the whole portfolio. And we anticipate given the spending paradigm, given the strength of new scientific modalities, given Cell & Gene Therapy,
Jim Foster: given the nature of our portfolio the demand will continue through next year at least, so giving early indications of that. What we're experiencing this year is -- it's quite interesting and unique. We had a pretty thoughtful and positive plan for this year. We are well in excess of our operating plan. As evidenced by our couple of guidance raises and just the changes in the top-line guidance. And so we have been working really hard to plan for additional capacity and higher enough people to do the work.
David Smith: I think we're doing well, but as we look at next year and beyond, we do think that the capacity needs will continue to be significant and it's not something you can do at the 11th hour, and the scale and size of the business is just getting to the point where not only did we think it was appropriate, but our early roll-up is showing that our CapEx on a percentage basis will be meaningfully higher than last time we had spoken to you folks. I would say it's the nature of the portfolio as a whole, probably more legacy portions of the portfolio and more probably Safety Assessment than anything else, so does that Safety Assessment goes so does the Company these days.
Jim Foster: So we have terrific growth rates in the Safety Assessment business. We're by far the market leader. A lot of clients depending on us, we have always new biotech companies created and minted, and have no internal capability to do the work. So we thought that both at 9% and a double-digit would be a good early glimpse than what we anticipate for next year.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
David Smith: I'll had a bit more color on the puts and takes as well, because I think that's clearly of interest to a number of people, and while we're not going to talk about the 2022 full guidance, there are a number of things that we have called out, but there's a lot of materials this morning to go through. Jim talked about the strong demand environment so I won't repeat about that. But that low double digital organic growth does help fuel some of the headwinds that we're seeing. And by the way, you're aware of micro glacious' headwinds that we've had this year, which is behind us, the cell supply, we would hope that would be fully behind just want to get into 2022, as well because that's another tailwind.  And of course that buoyant double-digit growth helps with our margin expansion goals. You know that we're trying to get to a 150 basis points over the next 3 years. That won't be linear. For instance, the investments that we're making in digital, we won't see the returns really kick in until the out-year. And next year, we have this modest headwind from the 53rd week, which I called out in my remarks. And then there are other known headwinds that we've got. We'll continue to invest in people, capacity, digital. You're all familiar with the global pressures that we're staring on hiring and inflation. It's impacting many sectors and regions, so won't leave at that point. But we'll have our share of that.  However, we are fortunate to be in the industry that we're in. We're not as buffeted by those issues as some, but neither are we immune. So that said, we believe for effective in managing those tighter labor markets into supply chains. But it will take asset and it will take investment. And then there are things which we can't call out today, simple ones like FX. That's one of the last pieces we put in the jigsaw piece. We've got that unique item around potential for U.S. tax reform, should it be enacted. But I am hearing that there's a good chance that we punch it into 2023. And then we've got theorical questions about Is it short-term as some people would have it the least or is it more sustained and I think that's too early to call. And finally, Great Resignation as is being called has to come to an end but at what point,. We're working on finalizing the plan. In February well put those pieces together and share that with you. But as I said. Strong demand that we're seeing that should help us progress towards these long-term targets, and we should have appropriate numbers for you in 22.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hey, Jim, can you talk a little bit about the Cell & Gene Therapy business and the demands in that area and particularly how that's flowing through on the margin profile. And just -- how should we think about the growth in that segment in '22 than the rest of this year and into next year?
Jim Foster: Yes. Hi Derik. We've put together relatively swept through M&A several Cell & Gene Therapy assets for that cell product businesses and the CDMO assets and of course they show up in 2 different segments. They're working really hard to integrate and connect in those businesses. I think we're doing really well at that. We're also working really hard to connect those businesses, particularly the CDMO piece to our Biologics business, because being able to manufacture the drug and test it are really important capability that distinguishes us from most of our competitors. The cell supply business, as we call those, its growth rate is being hampered right now by COVID-related donor restrictions for donors. But that should emolliate over time. And growth rate, it should be 25% or 30% on an ongoing basis. And we haven't said that much about the margin. The margin should not be dilutive to RMS, let's put it that way. On the CDMO piece, we've been really clear that manufacturing segment has had mid to high 30% operating margin.  Not a lot of businesses that would be accretive to that so it's a bit of a headwind, although that will improve meaningfully and systematically over time as we as we increase volume, as hopefully a few clients go from clinical stage to commercial as we have more digital capability. It should be less of a drag. It's tough to say what CDMO will look like from a margin profile out a few years, particularly if we're doing multiple commercial runs for clients. So, you obviously have just greater efficiency and throughput and consistency of supply.  And I think that could invigorates the margin. So, pleased with the growth rates, directionally pleased with the margin rates, we think we put together a nice portfolio on its own, and are connecting it thoughtfully and carefully with our legacy businesses, particularly Biologics.
Derik De Bruin: Which do you need to invest more heavily in technologies in this area, particularly in Discovery. It's still like the Wild West, so I'm just wondering if it's an extra heavy technology investment relative to what you're typically used to?
Jim Foster: I wouldn't say that. I think that we're going to continue to have to invest in technology across the portfolio, particularly in areas like AI and machine learning and next-generation sequencing, and certain the aspects of pathology and antibody discovery. AI is a bit of a wildcard. There's so many shots on goal that we could take and so much impact that this can have on the portfolio, but it's still relatively early days. So I think that we will have meaningful investments particularly in AI machine learning. I do think that can be beneficial to the whole portfolio, maybe particularly Cell & Gene Therapy. Look the whole this -- per your question, the whole discovery platform is obviously much heavier science, much more cutting edge science, and I'd say the majority of our strategic deals are discovery-related. so, I guess from that scientist point, yes, we're very much focused on it. I don't think the price points will be necessarily higher though.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson Peterson with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I want to revisit the 2022 discussion for a minute, because I think you also talked about earnings leverage. And David, as you talked about, obviously, you've got some headwinds here with the extra week, in wage inflation and three quarters of the divestiture headwinds. Can you help us think about the leverage you can pull to drive that earnings leverage next year and Street takes you up about 11.5% on earnings in line effectively with revenue. But if you're actually going to have the earnings leverage. You mentioned digital, I'm just curious what other leverage you have to pull to drive margin expansion, and earnings leverage next year? And how should we think about tax rate at this point for next year?
David Smith: look, we've got really strong revenue demand. This year as the demand is increased more than we expected, which is great. It's setting us nicely for the future. And we've made meaningful investments this year. So we can continue to make meaningful up investments in the business with that revenue . And that's one of the benefits of having high revenue and double-digit growth. But we do need to invest some of that additional property, if you like, into the business, not just for the short-term in terms of headcount for those who enter the medium  in terms of digital. So we will continue to do that. And I don't see next year difference in that respect, except we might not see -- we're not going to see a 100 basis points margin improvement in 2022 that we've seen in the last two years, in particularly this year where we've got a 100 basis points improvement despite the investments that we've made in the business. So that's helpful. That's a helpful headwind that could like help cover some of the tailwinds. In terms of tax well it like depends where we end up with Biden. We did call out on our investor call back in May that while we're low 20 traditionally at the moment. Okay, this year we've had a few discrete items that brought us down. But without those discrete items, we would have expected for 2022 to be the low 20's. With Biden that would have moved us up to the -- we expect it to move up to the mid-20s. And as I've said a few moments ago, I'm hearing that subject to a vote in the house, we should see the Biden reforms pushed down to '22 and to '23. I'll go if that happen, tax rate would be back to where we've positioned to be in the low 20. Actually, while I have to call again people talking about puts and takes, in terms of the divestitures that we called out. We called out what that impacted for this year. But I'll share with you that some broadly, we would expect that to be a $0.20 to $0.25 headwind for 2022 as well.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. That's helpful. And then if I could ask just one clarification for Jim on the DSA capacity expansion. You talked about the patients increases on prior calls. Are we at a point now where customers are pushing back on pricing in your heavy debt expand capacity? How do you think about that tradeoffs?
Jim Foster: Pricing is -- we're very pleased with the price that we're getting. We continue to be pleased. And now I would say that generally speaking clients are the most interested right now in when they can start a study available study slots. sometimes or many times the geography or with our status study so do you have run for me? Do you have the scientific capability for me? Can you read my turnaround times? And oh, by the way, what is the price? I'm not saying that I'm interested in price, I would say it's significantly de -emphasized as an important issue. So if you think of the client base with hundreds of new biotech companies being created every year, with literally no internal capacity and big pharma continuing to rapidly reduce their internal capacity, the role it's just become -- has become increasingly more significant. That's what we're trying to say about this year.  This is a high-class problem, right? High-class challenge that we are working really hard to have enough people, and to build enough space to accommodate the demand which is right now significantly ahead of where we thought our business plan would be. As we put the final touches on next year's operating plan, we just have to be very thoughtful and make sure that we have capacity and then some.  And of course, by the way, anything we built even now is probably not available until 2023 anyway, so we have to get ahead of that. So it's a very -- it's the most attractive supply-demand paradigm that we've ever seen across most of our businesses, but particularly new ones on safety just given our scale and scientific doubt. And so it's incumbent upon us if this marketplace is going to depend on us to make the necessary investments in capacity and people to accommodate them.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Maybe just to follow-up on that one slightly. If we think about the CAPEX expenditures next year. How do you see that, I mean broadly trending, you said you obviously increased capacity across a variety of facilities, but do you see that 9% maybe tapering back down, or is that the new run rate to go with? Thank you.
Jim Foster: I think it would be -- I'm not sure  here. I think it will be difficult to predict that. But I think if, we had to call it today, we think that demand will continue. We look at the world in 5-year chunks, 5-year strategic plan. We've be public about being able to double the size of the Company, etc. We certainly don't think this growth rate is going to slow given the Biotech funding, given all the new modalities, given our competitive prowess, given the fact that we'll probably do additional M&A to make our portfolio stronger. Given the scale of our business and the demand on our business, I think we would anticipate that that's the new normal, that we'll have CapEx as percentage of sales, around that level going forward. And there's no logical demand reason that that should slow, but from where we are now, that looks like the right rates to accommodate client demand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks. Good morning, David a second ago, you mentioned another 22 factor which was the impact of the divestitures at $0.20 to $0.25. We were curious if that was a full-year impact, or that was the incremental impact after adjusting for the fourth quarter here this year?
David Smith: Yeah. Simple, that's a full-year impact. It's --
Eric Coldwell: So full-year, 20 to 25, so incremental would be roughly something less than 10 to 15?
David Smith: Correct, it's the impact on the '22. Yeah, correct. If we were taking it out of '22, it'd be the $0.20 to $0.25. And the reason why it's not the Q4 multiplied by 4, is broadly the work that we've divested in the Swedish side can actually be done elsewhere within our organization. So we're making an assumption as to how much of that work we can pick out.
Eric Coldwell: Got it. And then I had a follow-up on the cell supply business. And I know those units have been impacted by the pandemic and donor access in particular, but look, I'm going to people's advocate. We covered the healthcare supply chain broadly. We look at a lot of healthcare sectors, just about every category I can think of is near or above pre -pandemic levels and some healthcare sectors are actually growing fairly nicely at the moment. It just seems like the world has opened up more than these numbers are representing. And I'm curious if there isn't something more going on in the cell supply business that's holding it back?
Jim Foster: There really is nothing more going on, Eric. It's a function of donor access. The demand is still quite significant. The good news is that we had a better October. We've opened additional donor rooms, given that we did two acquisitions in that space. So initially, the California facility, we have capabilities in Massachusetts, and Washington State, that obviously is and will continue to improve during our access in certain areas. As we said, that business should continue to improve hopefully sequentially as we move through the back half of this year and into next year to get to the growth levels that we anticipated when we did these deals that amount which was around 30% topline. We're confident we'll get back to that.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, last one for me. Thank you for that. Your largest competitor in the Research Model Animal supply side of the business is in the midst of a combination with another Company in the space, is there any knock-on impact from that to you? I don't suspect that there is, but I'm just curious. We often talk about clinical CRO mergers and the impact across clinical CROs. It's much less common to talk about larger competitors and research models coming together. And I know that's a more of a vertical deal than a horizontal one. But I am curious if you see any potential impact from the changes over at Envigo?
Jim Foster: We really doubt, that's been an enterprise that we've competed with for a long period of time. I would say principally and always on price as opposed to quality. So we've always been scientific prime, with a broader geographic footprint and so the different level of service with our clients in a broader portfolio. And that Company has been less of an impactful competitor I would say over the years than they were historically, so I would expect that situation and that fact pattern really doesn't change at all as a result of this.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much.
Jim Foster: Sure
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Tejas Savant: Hey, guys, good morning. Just one follow-up there also related to RMS, Jim. Are you seeing any pickup in disruptions in China from some of the COVID -related shutdown there or are customers generally in better shape to handle the surge this time around. And one for Dave on the guide, to what extent in '22 can you push through pricing increases to your customers to absorb some of the headwinds you've outlined on the call here.
Jim Foster: We're not seeing any new or additional COVID -related dislocations in China. Is obviously the first place we saw back when it all hit, and the first place it improved. I would say that that marketplace for us at least is back minimally their pre-COVID levels and probably stronger than that both in the academic tired and the biopharmaceutical part. We make -- continue to make significant investments in capacity, and we're growing that business nicely and nicely geographically, both in the core Research Model piece, and related services, now that business is going really well.
David Smith: And then in terms of pricing for '22, that's part about low double-digit growth assumptions. So as you know, we don't break out price anymore anyway, and we're still sharpening our pencils as to what exactly the 2022 plan will look like in terms of price. But yea, it's part of the low double-digit growth that we've mentioned before.
Tejas Savant: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Jim, is it possible to quantify in some way the benefit to your visibility, particularly in Safety Assessment, but the benefit to your visibility in '22 from clients booking out further like -- how much more percent of revenue do you think you have visibility to in '22 versus what would be normal?
Jim Foster: It's probably quantifiable Dave, but --
David Windley: But not for us, right?
Jim Foster: No, probably Dave will say the quantifier. I would say that there continues to be more pronounced. But that's a very good thing for us in terms of -- some of the things I've talked about, hiring capacity, and timing, and scheduling, and utilization of our various facilities. It just -- it gives us several things. It gives us a better look to the future. It also gives us a much closer working relationship with the clients who now have to really do a better job planning, a better job nuancing their priorities and portfolio, and a better job messaging to us what's really essential to be done quickly, whatever that means for them, and what could wait. It feels like while it's a pretty feverish and the demand is great, it's more rational planning paradigm. So I think that it's actually enhancing our relationship with the clients. It feels like the sort of leverage that we have and they have is on an equal playing field now, and that we're much more communicative. So we like it from a planning point of view when a visibility point of view.
David Windley: Then a related follow-up question is around the mix in that business. I'm thinking broadly about a pipeline that's moving toward large molecule in general but also maybe at the bleeding-edge moving towards Cell & Gene Therapy and you've highlighted that part of your business. And so the shifting mix, but also in that, the supply chain for that shifting mix, how does that change the type of animal models that you need to use in those studies? And do you have access to all of those?
Jim Foster: Yeah. There's -- we work really hard making sure we have sufficient supply of all our models, particularly some of the larger models. And we've had to identify and validate multiple new sources of supply at multiple countries, to accommodate just the increase in demand and the pace of demand and just to ensure that the supply is there. It's an ongoing complex challenge, one that I think we're managing well, and we feel that we are directionally managing it quite well in terms of having sufficient numbers for '22. Yes, I mean -- I think the annual models will become increasingly more complex, particularly some of the large ones for the Biologics in particular, I think that's been the case for some period of time.
David Windley: But just to be clear that the implication in your response to that, that the shift or you are seeing a shift toward large animal -- or I'm sorry, like non-human primate and large animal within the mix, is that the right way to think about it with large?
Jim Foster: Yeah, and I think that's a continuation of the shift that started some time ago. I think it's just -- it's more intensified these days, just given the nature of the drugs.
David Windley: Sure. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks for taking the question, guys. David, maybe one more on the margin side, just trying to figure out again the moving pieces for '22 versus the long-term guide you gave. Does '22 have potentially a bit more reviewed year given, again, some of the increasing costs of labor side, obviously significant investments in manufacturing, just trying to figure that bridge in terms of 2022, it seems like there's some pressures. So just talk through that one more time, it'd be appreciated.
David Smith: You broke a little bit. You said -- I missed the middle part of the question which I think was key to the question.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. It was around the '22 margins and then just the cadence in terms of the long-term guide. Does '22 have potentially be a bit more muted given the labor pressures, investments in manufacturing and all the other moving pieces?
David Smith: Yes. I mean, as I had said earlier, anybody that's expecting us to get a 100 basis points next year, we consider that please. And equally, even if you take a 150 basis points and you said that's going to be linear, I think you do to consider that as well, given the commentary that we've made about some of the pressures this year, in terms of wage at particular and inflation. But we made some meaningful investments this year in 2021. I wouldn't want you to feel that we have conium pressures on us. We have a portion of pressure as everybody else in the world does. We think we can cope with that well.  But I wouldn't want to leave you with the impression that the last two years lesser margin is going to continue. And indeed, we did try to say a lot at the Investor Day that we would be looking at $150 over 3 years. And we've also got that headwind from the 53rd week. In 2022, digital investments that we can make in which have been quite sizable in amount. We'll be kicking in in the out year. And then of course that we've got on top of that, some of the compensation pressures that we've mentioned. Our key here is to make sure that we can supply the needs of our clients, continue to get that growth, continue to win new share, make sure that we're in a great position that we become the first call in terms of doing the work for  doing research.
Patrick Donnelly: Understood, thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Sevier with UBS. Your line is open.
John Sevier: Thanks for taking my question. I guess just in the Cell & Gene therapy manufacturing portfolio, are there any areas there that you see gaps or areas that could be complementary to invest with the existing portfolio? And any thoughts on where to maybe deploy the divestiture proceeds from the  transactions?
Jim Foster: We would hope to deploy the divestitures in further M&A but money is fungible, so I would say generally, we're just going to deploy it and to grow our business generally, if, obviously -- if we have a deal sooner than later, we can directly can directly apply it. The Cell & Gene Therapy portfolio is pretty robust right now. I think there's some subtle -- I don't want to list them off, because we're looking at additional M&A there. But there's some certain areas that we can improve and enhance just to have a broader connectivity, so we never have to outsource anything ourselves.  Having said that, I think it's more about the scale of the current portfolio and the geographic footprint of the current portfolio that will market, we'll primarily do organically although it's possible we'll do some M&A. If you take the businesses that we bought, which are 5, maybe 6, depending on what you think Retrogenix is. And then you add our Biologics business and some of our safety and discovery capabilities. It's a very broad portfolio now, and certainly from a service point-of-view, it's the broadest of anyone in the industry.  So we have a good base right now and can accommodate a lot of lot of demand from a diverse client base. And so we'll invest aggressively organically, if we can get some of these niche deals done that we're looking at from an M&A point of view then some of the subtle gaps that would actually be that obvious will be filled.
John Sevier: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. I am not shown any further questions in the queue, I will now turn the call back over to Todd for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to speak with you during our upcoming investor conference. That concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 23:10:07) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories International Q2 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After this speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the call over to your host, Todd Spencer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' second quarter 2021 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning; Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2021. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations' section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after the call today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations' website. The replay will be available through next quarters' conference call. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under these Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations' section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Thanks, Todd. Good morning. The strength of our leading non-clinical portfolio was clearly demonstrated in our second quarter financial performance. Robust industry fundamentals are leading to unprecedented client demand across most of our businesses and we're extremely well positioned to succeed in this environment. Second quarter organic growth - revenue growth was in the mid-teens, even after normalizing for last year's COVID-19 impact and exceeded the long-term low double-digit target that we recently provided at our Investor Day in May. Clients are increasingly choosing to partner with us for a flexible and efficient outsourcing solutions, the scientific depth and breadth of our portfolio, and our unwavering focus on flawlessly serving their diverse needs. Utilizing our capabilities enables them to drive greater efficiency and accelerate the speed of their research, non-clinical development and manufacturing programs. We believe that the efforts we have made and continue to make to differentiate ourselves from the competition are critical as clients choose to work with a smaller number of CROs, who offer broader scientific capabilities. Due to this sustained demand, we are keenly focused on the execution of our strategy. We are strengthening our portfolio as we did through the acquisition of gene therapy CDMO, Vigene Biosciences in late June. Strategically adding staff and capacity to accommodate the robust demand and support our clients and enhancing our digital enterprise to provide greater connectivity and exceptional service to them. We believe we will make these investments and remain well positioned to achieve our operating margin target of 22.5% in 2024. We believe the success of our strategy is reflected in our second quarter performance. So let me provide some of the highlights. Quarterly revenues surpassed $900 million for the first time and a $914.6 million in the second quarter of '21, represented a 34% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 24.1% was increased by approximately 8% when compared to last year's COVID-19 impact in the second quarter of 2020, with the greatest impact in the Research Models and Services segment. Even after normalizing for the COVID impact, we reported mid-teens organic growth with double-digit increases across all three business segments. The operating margin was 20.8% an increase of 350 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was principally driven by the RMS segment, reflecting operating leverage from significantly higher sales volume for research models, due in part to the comparison to last year's COVID-19 impact. Notwithstanding this favorable year-over-year comparison, we were pleased with the margin progression in the first half of the year and are on track to achieve a full year operating margin of approximately 21% or a 100 basis points higher than last year. Earnings per share were $2.61 in the second quarter, an increase of 65.2% from $1.58 in the second quarter of last year. This result widely exceeded our prior outlook of more than 50% in earnings growth for the quarter, primarily as a result of the exceptional demand environment. Based on the second quarter performance and our expectation for sustained demand through the remainder of the year, we are increasing our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2021. We now expect organic revenue growth in a range of 13% to 15%, a 100 basis point increase from our prior range. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range from $10.10 to $10.35, which represents 24% to 27% year-over-year growth and an increase of $0.35 at midpoint from our prior outlook. We attribute this exceptional performance and outlook to the success of our ongoing efforts to enhance our position as the leading non-clinical contract research and manufacturing organization, as well as the pace of scientific innovation that's fueling a significant increase in biotech funding and FDA approvals, both of which are tracking to near record levels through the first half of the year. I'd like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue is $540.1 million in the second quarter, an 18.1% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of '20, driven by broad-based demand for both Discovery and Safety Assessment services. COVID only had a small impact on the DSA segment last year, so it wasn't a meaningful driver of the year-over-year growth. Safety Assessment business continued to perform exceptionally well, reflecting robust demand from both biotech and global biopharma clients and price increases. Bookings and proposal volume continued to achieve record highs in the second quarter, with strength across all regions and major service areas. The strength of biotech funding is enabling clients to meaningfully invest in early-stage programs and due to the unprecedented demand, we are now booking work into next year. As I mentioned last quarter, clients are expanding their preclinical pipelines and intensifying their focus on complex biologics. To ensure they do not delay their research, we believe clients are securing space with us further in advance, which in turn provides us with greater visibility. To support our clients, we are continuing to add staff, capacity and the resources necessary to effectively manage the current demand environment and provide our clients with a timely, efficient and high quality service that they have come to expect from Charles River. We believe these investments position Safety Assessment business well and will support low double-digit organic revenue growth in the DSA segment this year. We believe the combination of the robust funding environment as well as our deep scientific expertise, and willingness to forge flexible relationships with our clients, led to another exceptional quarter for the Discovery business. Our comprehensive portfolio of oncology, CNS, early discovery and antibody discovery capabilities, which we recently enhanced with Distributed Bio and Retrogenix acquisitions is resonating with clients and clients are increasingly choosing to outsource to integrated discovery partners like Charles River. Despite the robust funding, biotech clients continue to maintain limited or no internal infrastructure, opting instead to invest in their pipelines and utilize our services to move their programs forward. To support the robust demand from biotech and global biopharmaceutical clients, we will continue to strengthen our portfolio by expanding our scale, our science and our innovative technologies through a combination of internal investment, M&A and our strategic partnership strategy. By doing so, we are enabling our clients to remain with one scientific partner from target ID through IND filing and beyond and solidifying our position as the leading, non-clinical CRO. The DSA operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 23.5% in the second quarter. Leverage from the robust DSA revenue growth was the primary driver of the margin improvement. Foreign exchange reduced the DSA operating margin by 150 basis points in the quarter, as revenue and costs are not naturally hedged at certain DSA sites, including our Safety Assessment operations in Canada. We continue to expect the DSA margin will be in the mid-20% range for the year. RMS revenue was $176.7 million, an increase of 44.5% on an organic basis over the second quarter of '20, approximately 33.4% of this growth was attributable to the comparison to last year's COVID related revenue impact from clients site closures and disruptions, which reduced research model order activity. Adjusted for the COVID impact, the RMS growth rate was above 10%, as strong research activity across biopharmaceutical, academic and government clients led most RMS businesses to grow above the targeted growth rates. Robust demand for research models in China continued to be the primary driver of RMS revenue growth. There has been a resurgence in research activity this year and model volumes far exceed pre-COVID levels. Similar to Western markets, the client base in China has transitioned from one dominated by academic and government clients, to a vibrant mid-tier biotech and CRO client base, which now represents the majority of our clients in China. We believe the expansion of our client base is fueling increased demand and to accommodate the growth, we are continuing to expand our model and services offering and our geographic footprint in Western and Southern China. We are currently experiencing strong double-digit revenue growth in China. Demand for research models outside of China was also quite strong. We believe this correlates with the increased level of non-clinical research that's being conducted by biopharmaceutical and academic clients in Western markets. Research investments have led to biomedical breakthroughs and new drug modalities, and we believe the global focus on scientific innovation is sustainable. We also continued to win new academic clients in the second quarter, resulting from the COVID-19 related clients shutdowns last year and more recently from digital engagements targeting the academic client base. Research Model services also performed very well. GEMS is benefiting from strong outsourcing demand, as our clients seek for greater flexibility and efficiency they gain when we manage their proprietary model colonies. The greater complexity of scientific research and the proprietary models that our clients are creating further reinforce the value proposition for the GEMS business. Clients need for greater flexibility and efficiency is also driving demand for our Insourcing Solutions or IS business, particularly for our CRADL initiative, which provides both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity at Charles River sites. In addition to expanding our existing CRADL presence and adding clients in the Boston, Cambridge and South San Francisco biohubs, we're also looking to expand into other regions to provide a flexible capacity solution for our clients in emerging biohubs. Utilizing CRADL also provides clients with collaborative opportunities to seamlessly access other Charles River services, which further enhances the speed and efficiency of their research programs. The revenue growth rate for our cell supply businesses, HemaCare and Cellero improved in the second quarter, but remained below the target level due to continued limitations on donor access. We believe cell supply revenue will increase during the second half of the year as donor availability and capacity improves. We have expanded capabilities, including donor capacity at our cell supply sites in Massachusetts and Washington State, which we believe will enable us to further expand our donor base in the US and accommodate the robust demand in the broader cell therapy market. We expect HemaCare and Cellero will provide the critical tools for our new Cell & Gene Therapy CDMO business, Cognate and Vigene. We believe this will be highly synergistic for both Charles River and our clients, because it will enable us to move clients' cell therapy programs forward using the same cellular products from research to CGMP production. The RMS operating margin increased to 27.4% from - 9.1% in the second quarter of last year. This significant improvement was primarily due to the comparison to last year's depressed margin associated with COVID-related client disruptions and the corresponding reduction in research model order activity. Revenue from the manufacturing segment was $197.8 million, a 26.6% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of last year. The increase was driven by strong double-digit revenue growth in both the Biologics Testing Solutions and Microbial Solutions businesses. COVID-19 did not have a meaningful impact on the segments' revenue last year. But testing on COVID vaccine - COVID-19 vaccines has helped accelerate Biologics' revenue growth rate this year. Consistent with the first quarter, Microbial Solutions' growth rate in the second quarter was well above the 10% level, reflecting strong demand for our Endosafe endotoxin testing systems, cartridges and core reagents in all geographic regions, as well as Accugenix microbial identification services. With COVID-related client access restrictions effectively behind us, we were pleased with the strength of the underlying demand for our endotoxin testing platform, which performs FDA-mandated, lot release testing for our clients' critical quality-control testing needs. The advantages of our comprehensive portfolio continue to resonate with clients. And we believe that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution will enable Microbial Solutions to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth this year and beyond, which is consistent with the historical trend pre-COVID. The Biologics Testing business reported another exceptional quarter of strong revenue growth that was well above the 20% growth target for this business. Robust demand to Cell & Gene Therapy Testing Services continue to be the primary growth driver. There has been a rapid increase in the number of Cell & Gene Therapy programs in development to approximately 3,000 programs now in the pipeline, with approximately two-thirds in the preclinical phase which is expected to continue to fuel the strong growth. COVID-19 vaccine work was also a meaningful driver for Biologics' second quarter growth, but the underlying Biologics' growth trends remained above the 20% level even without the incremental COVID-19 testing revenue. We believe Cell & Gene Therapies will continue to be significant growth drivers over the long-term and demand for COVID-19 vaccine testing is showing no signs of abating. We believe the commercial production of COVID vaccines will continue for many years to come, supporting the demand for our services. These factors are contributing to the strength of the demand environment and we continue to build our extensive portfolio of manufacturing services to ensure we have available capacity to accommodate client demand. The Manufacturing segments' second quarter operating margin declined by 420 basis points to 33.2%. The primary driver of the decline was the addition of Cognate CDMO business, as well as higher production costs in the Microbial Business. Cognate is a profitable business with a solid operating margin, but its margin is below the Manufacturing segment. Coupled with the addition of Vigene in the third quarter, we expect a full year Manufacturing margins slightly below the mid-30% range. However, beyond 2021, we expect this headwind to gradually dissipate as we drive efficiency, and as the significant growth we anticipate generates greater economies of scale and optimizes throughout our CDMO sites. Early in the second quarter, Cognate BioServices officially joined Charles River, followed by Vigene Biosciences in late June, we were very pleased to welcome both teams to the company. Aligned with HemaCare and Cellero, these businesses form the core of our Cell & Gene Therapy offering and we believe they will be highly complementary to our Biologics business and our portfolio as a whole. We are pleased with the initial progress on the integrations and the addition of the Cell & Gene Therapy CDMO services to our comprehensive portfolio which is resonating with clients. Our clients are beginning to explore opportunities to streamline their Biologics development workflows, by using Cognate's and Vigene's services. And their legacy clients are already looking to utilize other products and services within the Charles River portfolio to drive greater efficiency in their development and manufacturing activities. We believe the acquisition of Vigene Biosciences, with its viral vector-based gene delivery solutions fulfills our objective to create a comprehensive Cell & Gene Therapy portfolio which spans each of the major CDMO platforms. Gene-modified cell therapy, viral vector and plasmid DNA production. In combination with Cognate's Memphis-based operations, we have established an end-to-end, gene-modified cell therapy solution in the US, which we believe is critical to support our clients more seamlessly. Our goal is to enable clients to conduct the analytical testing, process development and manufacturing for these advanced modalities with the same scientific partner, enabling them to achieve their goal of driving greater efficiency and accelerating the speed to market. As a result of the successful execution of our strategy to-date, we believe that our portfolio is the strongest it has ever been. Our efforts to enhance our scientific capabilities, deliver flexible outsourcing solutions and provide greater value to our clients have made Charles River an important partner for our clients. With the biopharmaceutical industry benefiting from record funding levels, we are experiencing robust demand for our essential products and services. To support this demand and to continue to enhance the value we provide to clients, we will continue to move our growth strategy forward. Our acquisitions and strategic partnerships remain vital components of our strategy, as we endeavor to expand the scientific expertise, global reach and innovative technologies that we can offer clients across all three are of our business segments. Investing in our scientific capabilities, as well as internally on the necessary staff, resources and our digital enterprise, will help us ensure that we can meet the needs of our clients. The successful execution of our strategy will not only enable us to enhance our position as our clients' partner of choice from concept to non-clinical development to the safe manufacture of their life-saving therapeutics. It will also allow us to achieve our longer-term financial targets of low double-digit organic revenue growth, and an average of approximately 50 basis points of operating margin improvement beyond 2021. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment. And now, I'll ask David to give you additional details on our second quarter results and updated 2021 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. Once again, we are very pleased with another strong performance in the second quarter. Robust revenue and earnings per share growth outperformed our prior outlook. Organic revenue growth of 24.1%, including 8% related to last year's COVID-19 impact, and operating margin expansion of 350 basis points were the primary drivers behind earnings per share growth of 65.2% to $2.61. These results also reflect a favorable comparison to the second quarter of last year, in which, we experienced the peak of the COVID-related impact and client disruptions. Based on our strong second quarter results and expectations for the underlying strength of demand to continue, we have increased our full year financial guidance and now expect to deliver organic revenue growth in a range of 13% to 15% for the full year. Primarily as a result of the enhanced growth prospects this year, and to a lesser extent, favorable tax rate, we raised our earnings per share guidance by $0.35 to a range of $10.10 to $10.35, which represents a year-over-year growth of 24% to 27%. By segment, our updated outlook for 2021 reflects the strong business environment. For RMS, we continue to expect organic revenue growth in the high-teens, driven by the recovery in Research Model order activity from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic last year, as well as exceptional growth in China. Our outlook for DSA is unchanged, with low double-digit organic revenue growth for the full year, reflecting continued strength in early-stage research activity. For the Manufacturing segment, we now expect to achieve high-teens organic revenue growth. Our revised outlook is based on exceptionally strong demand in Biologics, driven primarily by Cell & Gene Therapy programs, and an increase in contribution from the Microbial Solutions business, which is expected to return to at least low double-digit growth for the full year. Including the acquisitions of Cognate and more recently, Vigene Biosciences, Manufacturing's reported revenue growth rate is expected to be in the low to mid-40% range. With regard to operating margin, our expectations for segment contributions remain mostly unchanged from our prior outlook, with the RMS operating margin meaningfully above 25% for the full year. DSA in the mid-20% range and Manufacturing slightly below the prior mid-30% outlook, principally reflecting the addition of Vigene in late June. Lower unallocated corporate costs contributed to the second quarter margin expansion, totaling 5.6% of revenue or $51.2 million in the second quarter, compared to 6.1% of revenue last year. Our scalable infrastructure enables us to drive greater efficiencies, even as we continue to make investments to support the growth of our businesses and meet the needs of our clients. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be in the mid-5% range as a percentage of revenue for the full year. The second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 20.4%, representing a 60 basis point decline from 21% in the second quarter of last year. The decrease was due to a favorable excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, which resulted from increased equity exercise and award activity at higher stock price levels during the quarter. This benefit was partially offset by higher tax expense associated with the UK tax will change. For the full year, we are reducing our tax rate outlook to a range of 19.5% to 20.5% from our prior outlook of a tax rate in the low-20% range, principally driven by a higher benefit on stock-based compensation. Total adjusted net interest expense for the second quarter was $20.8 million, an increase of $3.7 million sequentially and $1.7 million year-over-year due to higher debt balances primarily to fund the Cognate acquisition. At the end of the second quarter, we have an outstanding debt balance of $2.7 billion, representing gross and net leverage ratios of about 2.5 times. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we completed the acquisition of Vigene on June 28th. On a pro forma basis, including Vigene, our gross leverage ratio remained below 3 times which we attribute to our robust free cash flow generation that has enabled us to repeat that ahead of our expectations. For the full year, we now expect total adjusted net interest expense to be slightly below our prior outlook in a range of $82 million to $85 million, primarily reflecting the accelerated debt repayment. Free cash flow was $140.2 million in the second quarter, an increase of 3.5% over the $135.5 million for the same period last year. The primary drivers of the increase were our strong second quarter operating performance and distributions from our VC investments, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. In view of our robust results in the first half of the year, we have increased our free cash flow outlook by $65 million, and now expect free cash flow of approximately $500 million for the full year. CapEx was $46.4 million in the second quarter, compared to $26.8 million last year. The increase was due primarily to the timing of projects. Some investments which were slowed or deferred during the COVID-19 disruptions last year and are back on track. We continue to expect CapEx to be approximately $220 million for the full year. A summary of our revised financial guidance for the full year, including all recent acquisitions can be found on Slide 39. For the third quarter, our outlook reflects the continuation of a strong demand environment. We do expect that growth rates will normalize from the second quarter levels, because we have anniversaried the peak of the COVID-19 related revenue loss last year. Accordingly, we expect organic revenue growth in the low to mid-teens range and reported revenue growth in the low-20% range. You should note that we are not forecasting a meaningful difference between the first half and second half organic growth rates after normalizing last year's COVID impact, which is not surprising, as we believe the robust demand environment is showing no signs of abating. We expect low double-digit earnings per share growth when compared to last year's third quarter level of $2.33. I will remind you that the DSA operating margin in the third quarter of last year included a 50 basis point benefit from the Discovery milestone payments, which will impact the year-over-year comparison. In closing, we are very pleased with our second quarter results, which included another quarter of robust revenue, earnings and free cash flow growth. We continue to be focused on the continued execution of our strategy and achieving our financial and operational targets, which will move us forward to what our longer-term targets for 2024. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator:  And your first question come from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you. Good morning. Main question is on preclinical safety assessment. We are hearing in our various channel checks that sites are booked well into 2022. I know you made a comment on that in your call. We're hearing that more broadly. We're also hearing that some of your competitors have been placing massive long-term model purchase commitments, multiyear commitments very large, which I think is a sign of the strength of the industry. But, it really comes down to the question of capacity, and you know, where you stand, what kind of investments you're making? How do you balance this supply-demand imbalance, so your clients don't try to seek other solutions in the marketplace? Just any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Jim Foster: Yeah, Eric. We're investing capacity thoughtfully, aggressively, geographically multiple sites at once, not dissimilar to what we've done historically. We're continually reviewing where we think the demand will be for the next few years and ensuring that our capacity meets our - because that capacity is sufficient to accommodate that. I don't think it's a bad thing that clients are reserving space earlier, which allows us to plan better, and obviously gets us greater visibility from a staffing and expense point of view. It also provides a more orderly business model, frankly, and it's not all that dissimilar to the way it was years ago, where we had similar types of demand even other client base was quite different. So, where, you know I'd say the principal conversations around here are ensuring - working hard and ensuring that we have sufficient headcount and physical capacity to accommodate the demand, not just in safety by the way, obviously, safety is our biggest business. So principally, the conversation goes there, but certainly across Biologics and Discovery and other business and certainly China as well where it's relatively focusing on - and ensuring  sufficient capacity, it's what we put this portfolio together for to service the clients that they outsource more work. So, we are very much on top of that, Eric.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, Jim if I could squeeze one more in. I noticed in the press release a comment about higher production costs in Microbials. I was hoping to get a little more color on that.
Jim Foster: Yeah, nothing really significant, just certain raw material costs are kind of higher at the moment. So supply chain issues that, you know, lots of businesses are having I think that's quite transitory. Mic that is still quite good within that business and the growth rate really was terrific. So just kind of kind of short-term blip.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, thanks very much. Good job with the quarter.
Jim Foster: Sure. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. I'll start with question on Manufacturing. You know, on the back of the Vigene deal, you noted, you know, clients are beginning to explore opportunities to streamline you know development with you. I guess, as you look at your Cell & Gene Therapy portfolio today, you know are there any existing gaps? And can you talk a little bit more about how Vigene fits in with the rest of that business?
Jim Foster: Yeah, I think it's a pretty solid portfolio, Tycho. You know, we have the cells, which it's a Cell Therapy, obviously, there is no Cell Therapy R&D, will scale up without that. So we'd like that we started first with that, we now have significant capability in Cell Therapy, Manufacturing, particularly modified cell therapies. And you know we have this viral vector and plasmid DNA capability on both sides of the pond now in the US and Europe, which give us a substantial capability as well. There may be some nuances. And of course, we're always looking at M&A opportunity. So I want to get too specific stuff, just to say that I think that M&A will be principally around in just increased scale and enhanced geographic dispersion and diversity and growth. I do think that not unlike other businesses, geographic proximity, you know, when you're dealing with live cells is not unimportant and would be beneficial. And clients still like the ability to be relatively close to their external providers of services, if possible. So there still a fair number of assets out there that we're quite interested in, there are a variety of sizes, I'd say most of them are on a smaller side, several hundred ones, we may have one of course and those are no longer available. If we are unable, for whatever reason or unwilling because of the price point, to buy and meet the targets we currently have, I think we do have a very - we have a terrific installed base and the growth rates will be such that will become a big business. And of course, just want to remind you that we look at the Cell & Gene Therapy assets, which are whatever it is now 18 months to 24 months old, we look at those very much in combination with our Biologics business, which is very high growth right now, you heard us talk about north of 20%, terrific capacity here, those businesses that join that they have to the testing of those Cell & Gene Therapy products before they go into the clinic, and hopefully, after they're approved, before they go into patients will be just as essential as the contract manufacturing pieces of it. So, we're thrilled to be able to piece those together. Pretty big portfolio now. I think that - we didn't update it on this call, but we said you know it's Cell & Gene Therapy revenues are greater than 10% of the total Charles River, is a big number and it's going to grow disproportionately fast. So, very pleased with the portfolio.
Tycho Peterson: All right, and then a follow-up on RMS, you know, obviously a number of those businesses, you know, benefited over the past year from the challenges around the pandemic. If you look at the you know the GEMS outsourcing and also, you know, the CRADL and insourcing initiatives, I guess, as we're kind of, you know, past the halfway point part of this year and working through, you know getting back to labs up and running, you know, how do you feel about the durability of some of those trends? You know, in particular, around GEMS and then CRADL insourcing?
Jim Foster: Really good. While we certainly got, and are enjoying enhanced outsourcing from clients that did work themselves or didn't use us or used us partially, and we really proved the value proposition that we have by staying open and doing this great work. The mark - by putting aside that COVID pop, as it were, this significant demand - increasing demand for GEMS models and specialty models and more complex models and more translational models, for sure. This IS businesses increasingly more interesting. The CRADL you know, these CRADL locations and principally in Cambridge, Mass and South San Francisco and eventually other important parts of the world, above high revenue generators, high margin businesses and significant feeders to other parts of our business, particularly service enterprises. So being in those environments, but you know, being part of that Cambridge, cameo - sort of Kendall Square universe has been critically important to ourselves. I think the growth rates and margin contributions are absolutely sustainable in those businesses, and we will continue to expand capacity growth in the current places that we are located, but also we're going to add new sites as well.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next, you have a question from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Close enough, I guess. Good morning. Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to Jim ask about China tie a couple things together there. You mentioned that the demand in China has kind of rotated from the academic and government sector to more private sector client base. I'd be curious your comments about how that influences your price points and margins for your business in China? And then the second part of my question would be, you know, given the success there in models and the evolution and you know strengthen the investment in biopharma in China in general, is it time just to rethink or start thinking about planting other business lines in China to leverage off of your existing base?
Jim Foster: Yeah. So huge investments by the Chinese government in the life sciences, venture capital firms are aplenty and so we're seeing significant investment in sort of classic and new pharma companies and mostly biotech companies. So but while I don't personally think the market will overtake the US, I think it's going to be the second largest market for sure. Yeah, I mean, provides enormous demand for us. You know, I think look, we'll always try to get more price to general proposition, including in China. So, I wouldn't say, otherwise. You know, that the cost structure is significantly lower than other parts of the world as to the price points, but the margins are comparable. We have to be careful, given the fact that we have lower - you know, we have a lot of local Chinese competitors, who I think in part or in whole financed by the government, and so they have the ability to really go after us always on price, just like we've seen in the US and Europe. I mean, our RMS competitors worldwide principally compete with us on price and not so much of quality or service. But having said that, you know, we'll continue to drive price as much as we can, because of course, costs go up in China as well. And of course, we've - we're growing at least the RMS franchise very nicely. So lots of investments and services, IS, GEMS, et cetera, lab testing in China, and significant investments in new production facilities. Your second question is a tough one to answer. So, I just remind you, we have a large and growing RMS business, we have - we actually have a large Microbial business. It's just that since the testing isn't regulated over there, the total revenue contribution is relatively modest. And we have recently within the last 12 months, done sort of a joint venture in our Biologics business which we're pretty excited about, because we have many of our major competitors over there. I think as a general proposition we would like to do everything that we do in China. And we certainly would like to do Discovery and Safety. And as we've said countless times, M&A multiples are a real deterrent for us. I mean, there's no way we can rationally buy companies over there to build out our portfolio without crushing our return. So we're not going to do that. So the issue for us is, when do we want to enter? And how do we do that thoughtfully and fiscally responsibly with sort of a JV type thing like we've done with Biologics that's always a possibility and/or greenfield, our activities there, which is, you know, it's slower which we wouldn't like that. It's obviously the less money than buying a company. But it's not insignificant. We're just going to have to keep continue to evaluate the market demand, I would tell you that we are so busy, as you know, from our numbers in the US and Europe that we have lots of work and great growth rates and escalating operating margins without the complexity and some of the challenges of doing work in China. So we're not particularly frustrated with it right now. I would say it's a longer-term strategic conversation that we're having all the time within Charles River.
Dave Windley: Very helpful. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure. Sure, Dave.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Jim, my question relates to the capacity availability for Cognate and Vigene. Can you just remind us where those programs are in terms of their capacity build out? Should we be assuming a necessary step up in CapEx in the next couple of years? Or is that already sort of in the long-term plan?
Jim Foster: Definitely in our guidance. So what we've told you about the accretion of those businesses to our top line to our EPS and improving operating margin, is real. Both of those businesses have a significant amount of available capacity, by that, I mean, you know, they were in that process of expanding capacity when we bought both of them more actually. So that will continue. It's a significant amount of space. It's - you know it's an interesting one, John, the business is so potentially so explosive, the ability to take clients, particularly in the Manufacturing pieces in the pure CDMO piece for modified cell therapies to take those from clinical production to commercial, which we can see with a couple of the clients, at least, depending on how impactful those new drugs are, will lead up a lot of capacity. So we're just going to have to live through, we're going to always have to have incremental capacity available, by that, I mean, you know, rent space have a plan to finish it either all at once or in slices sort of, you know, chunk that's out there and stay very close to the clients, how the drugs are doing, what phase they're in, how well financed, are they - what's the competitive scenario and you know we're doing that really well. So, I think we're in a very good place right now, as we see capacity for the next I don't know, a couple of years. But we're going to have to stay ahead of it. You know, the guidance that we gave recently about, we anticipate that CapEx will be you know around 7% of our revenue that incorporates and accommodates for significant growth, certainly in Safety, certainly in Discovery and certainly in the CDMO business, which is obviously a new business for us. I don't think it's particularly more capital-intensive in lots of other things that we do, and I know that. But - and particularly that, that the Cell Therapy type of work that we're doing is, I'm not saying it's not capital-intensive, but it's not as intensive as some other aspects of the CDMO space. So, we think we have our arms around for the scale, growth and cost.
John Kreger: Sounds great. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next question come from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering if you could expand on Tycho's question a little bit and sort of talk more about the cross-sell opportunity in Cell & Gene Therapy between RMS and the CDO - CDMO business so far, sort of where are you in terms of the interest of clients to sort of do the whole spectrum with you, and then sort of how do you see that progressing over the next few years? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yeah, I mean, you know, we see it progressing well. If you look at - just if you look certainly at most of our large clients, I would say that they buy most and some buy everything that we sell, all our products and all of our services. So, you know, we are an increasingly - increasingly more important provider, significant spend with those companies we're dealing with very senior people there, and they look at us as an essential provider of a whole bunch of things that they need. The smaller the clients get, particularly our biotech clients while many of them are pre-revenue, lots of them are public and they've got $10 billion or $15 billion or $20 billion market caps. So they're not smaller companies. And they have - while they may have the money, they have no, as I said in my prepared remarks, zero desire to build these things out internally. And I think that's going to get increasingly more nuanced, that they're going to have less of a desire, particularly in things like Cell & Gene Therapy or Biologics Testing or for sure, Safety. So, the broader the portfolio, I think, the more client capture that we have. We're already seeing almost immediately, as I commented on briefly in my remarks, clients who are working with Cognate and Vigene interested in the broader range of services that Charles River has. And conversely, clients that we're working with Charles River very interested that we now have the Cell & Gene Therapy capabilities. So you know, everything is about speed to market with all of these companies, regardless of their size, and the ability to work with a - as much - to as much as possible with a single source to kind of get the pricing behind you. And I have to renegotiate every step of the way, definitely accelerates the whole process. Also as some of these small companies, our regulatory capabilities really helpful to them to kind of guide them for their FDA filings or filings with other regulatory agencies around the world. So, given the fact that there were 3,000 Cell & Gene Therapy drugs in development, two-thirds of which are in preclinical, a lot of how - hopefully a large number of which we are already working with that we'll to work with, having these capabilities was really essential for us to participate in a really large portion of the marketplace.
Elizabeth Anderson: Got it. That's really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: Hi, thank you for the question. Regarding your margin targets in 2021 and 2024, what would you say is the likelihood or a risk the Manufacturing support margins could remain in the low-30s given the investments that need to take place in this area? And how do you see the negative impact of foreign exchange on DSA margins playing out for the rest of this year and in relation to your 2024 margin target?
David Smith: Okay, I'll take that, Jim. So I'll take the FX one on DSA data. So you've seen a 150 basis point headwind in DSA for Q2, and basically averages out just roundabout 100 basis points for the first half of the year. And actually, we actually think the second half of the year would be somewhat similar. That said, in respect to your question about how the FX might turn out in the longer-term, as we've seen through history, we should see that reverse. I can't predict when that FX will reverse. But at some point, we should see some benefits coming in certainly over the period of 2024. In respect to the question around, you know, the CDMO drag on the margins, and in particular, you know, Cognate, we - well, to start, we're not expecting to see a meaningful impact on the consolidated operating margin. But to your question, yes, there is a drag on the Manufacturing segments' margin. And as we said before, you know, we expect to see modest margin improvement over the next few years you know as we deliver the acquisition synergies, you know, there's, we've got a great procurement department, we've got good back office functions that can bring some synergies to those businesses. We will continue to enhance the scale of the business and like we do with every operating unit, we know we're looking to drive operating efficiency. And with the high revenue growth, where we're expecting north of 25% for the foreseeable future, we would get economies as those you feel like the fixed costs become less prevalent respect to the whole of business. So, in terms of margin progression, we would expect to see with time, the Manufacturing business improve, certainly from today's position. And in terms of long-term guidance that we gave just two months ago, we did say that we were expecting to get into the mid-30% range. Clearly, we will do what we can to improve that further. But at this stage, we're posting over the next few years mid-30s from Manufacturing.
Juan Avendano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: Great, good morning, I was curious if you all could elaborate a bit on any potential inflationary pressures, obviously tremendous demand for what you're doing. I'm wondering if, you know, it might be more expensive to hire the scientific talent now than it was before - have you see any trends there? How do you manage that?
Jim Foster: Want to take that, David?
David Smith: Yeah, I'll take that. So while we take - I'll take the broader question, first on just wage and inflation pressures. I mean, you know I'd like, many people who picked up that many companies, you know, it's a global issue, pressures across most industries. I can't say every industry, but certainly most industries and regions. And certainly wage pressure and recruitment, for Charles River has been and always in terms of, you know, we're continually growing and we got to keep up with that. We've spoken about this at many of our earnings calls, you know, we've discussed some of the investments that we've made and initiatives to address that in the past like the live and wage, you know, work-life balance initiatives that's form. And yet, we're seeing our revenue growth is ahead of our initial expectations. So as you can imagine, we're working very hard in multiple geographies to actually make sure we're hiring and meeting that real most event. So really, the - to your question about looking that between workgroups, it's more about bringing in the staff of the sort of the wider growth that we're seeing as opposed to specific category. Of course, with, you know, 19,000 people, there's going to be some departments where we may feel that there are some needs to pay more to make sure that we can, you know, get that type of resource in. But we're not seeing a blanket issue with respect to scientific staff or with other staff, it's more about just managing the sheer growth within Charles River vis-a-vis the wider churn that we're seeing in the wider economy, because of COVID people, many people are looking for change. So we continue to drive some of these work-life balance type issues, because that will go a long way to helping with retention as well. But notwithstanding all of that, that I've described, you know, we've factored that into the guidance for this year, we still feel that that's still relevant in respect of the longer-term guidance that we've given. So we should still see that 150 basis points increase over the next three years, not for this year, how that will pan out within the years too early to call. But certainly we feel with the extra growth that we're benefiting from that helps pay for some of these global issues that we're all facing.
Donald Hooker: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, thanks for taking the questions, guys. Jim, maybe just on kind of an increased demand in the backlog going out for next year? Can you just talk a little bit about the pricing environment? You know are you seeing clients book on things like pay  basis just to reserve space when they need it? And what kind of pricing are you guys kind of talking about in some of these you know bookings to the out years?
Jim Foster: No, take a pay yet. Frankly surprises me if I was in the client's shoes, I would do that. Just to protect myself, so I could go to the front of the line and not have to get in line. But that's their business and their call. So yeah every once in a while we get quite a serious question about that. So what would that look like? And we give them a quote and I guess it's too expensive. We're really pleased with the price. You know, we're not going to disclose the prices we haven't for years, but we're really pleased with the pricing you know we're getting in Safety. You know, with the studies continued to be incredibly complex, more complex than it used to be oftentimes, end points are added as the drug progresses and looks more promising those days get more expensive. And, you know, we continue to have a nice mix between what we call, general toxicology and special toxicology which provides sort of an enhancement to the overall price paradigm. You know, we have to be conscious cognizant and professional about the pricing, because not unlike so many of our other businesses, like RMS for instance, we have competitors, particularly smaller ones that compete with us principally on price, allegedly on speed and flexibility, which is not true, I like to play the card that Charles River must be too slow, because it's so big that's just not true. So and when we have new opportunities to get on new work, unless we're trying to take work from our competitor, we're pretty much always driving the price out. So I would say that pricing is increasingly, it's certainly an important focus of our clients. But I would say as demand has intensified and as capacity continues to fill, even with new capacity being built, that price is not the first thing that clients talk about, and I think that provide some opportunities for us. We've been pretty pleased with that pricing yield for the last, I'd say three years anyway, and I wouldn't anticipate any change in that going forward.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time.
Todd Spencer: Great. Well, thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you during an upcoming investor conference. This concludes the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 16:43:31) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Todd Spencer, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2021. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.
Jim Foster: Thanks, Todd. Good morning. I'm very pleased to speak with you today about another exceptional quarter at Charles River. Our robust first quarter financial performance, highlighted by 13% organic revenue growth and 170 basis points of year-over-year operating margin improvement demonstrates the strength of the biopharmaceutical market environment and the power of our unique portfolio, both of which we believe are as strong as they have ever been. We believe clients are increasingly choosing to partner with us for our flexible and efficient outsourcing solutions, with scientific depth and breadth of our portfolio and our unwavering focus on seamlessly serving their diverse needs. Clients are opting to work with a smaller number of CROs who offer broader scientific capabilities which enables them to drive greater efficiency and accelerate the speed of the research, nonclinical development and manufacturing programs. The complexity of scientific research is also increasing our clients' reliance on a high-science outsourcing partner like Charles River. To further differentiate ourselves from the competition, we are strategically expanding our portfolio in areas that deliver the greatest value to clients and offers significant growth potential. Already this year, we have enhanced our scientific capabilities for advanced drug modalities through the acquisitions of Distributed Bio, Cognate BioServices and Retrogenix. Distributed Bio and Retrogenix strengthen our discovery portfolio.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. We're very pleased with our accomplishments in the first quarter, which widely outperformed our outlook. We delivered strong revenue growth, well above the 10% level on an organic basis and significant operating margin expansion of 170 basis points, which drove earnings-per-share growth of 37.5% to $2.53. The operating margin performance was particularly encouraging as the consistent margin improvement reflects our efforts to build a more scalable and efficient infrastructure and leverage the robust growth in our end market. As Jim mentioned, we have increased this year's financial guidance to reflect the enhanced growth profile for the full year, including the strong performance for the first quarter and the addition of Cognate and other acquisitions that we have completed. We now expect to deliver reported revenue growth of 19% to 21% and organic revenue growth in a range of 12% to 14% for the full year. Given the robust top line performance, we expect to drive meaningful operating margin improvement this year with the full year margin approaching 21. This is expected to drive better-than-expected earnings per share in a range of $9.25 to $10, which represents year-over-year growth above 20%. By segment, our outlook for 2021 continues to reflect the strong business environment and the differentiated capabilities we provide to support our clients' needs. RMS organic revenue growth guidance for the year is unchanged from our initial high-teens outlook, reflecting recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic last year, exceptional growth in China and the expectation of our cell supply revenue growth will improve during the year. The DSA segment is now expected to deliver low double-digit growth for the full year, reflecting the strong first quarter performance and intensified early stage research activity. For the Manufacturing segment, we now expect to achieve mid-teens organic revenue growth, with both the Biologics and Microbial Solution businesses contributing. Including the acquisition of Cognate, Manufacturing's reported revenue growth rate is expected to be in the high-30% range. With regard to operating margin, RMS will continue to be a primary contributor to the overall improvement for the year, with the segment margin meaningfully above 25%. We also expect the DSA segment operating margin to increase over the prior year into the mid-20% range. When factoring in Cognite, the Manufacturing segment's operating margin is expected to be in the mid-30% range this year or moderately below its 2020 level. Unallocated corporate costs was slightly higher than our expectations, totaling 6.2% of total revenue or $51.2 million in the first quarter compared to 5.6% of revenue in the first quarter of last year. The increase was primarily the result of continued investments to support the growth of our businesses and higher performance-based compensation costs due in part to the first quarter operating outperformance. Despite the higher expenses in the first quarter, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be in the mid-5% range as a percentage of revenue for the full year. The first quarter tax rate was 14.5%, a 20 basis point increase year-over-year and consistent with our outlook in February, which calls for a tax rate in the mid-teens due to the gating of the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be in the low-20% range on a non-GAAP basis, which is unchanged from our outlook provided in February. Total adjusted net interest expense for the first quarter was $17.1 million, which was essentially flat sequentially and a decrease of nearly $2 million year-over-year due to lower average debt levels, which resulted in interest rate savings based on our leverage ratio. At the end of the first quarter, we had $2.2 billion of outstanding debt, representing a gross leverage ratio of 2.3 times and a net leverage ratio of 1.9 times. In March, we issued $1 billion of senior notes to further optimize our capital structure and take advantage of the attractive interest rate environment. The proceeds of this bond offering we used to redeem a previously issued higher-rate $500 million bond to pay down the existing term loan and a portion of the revolving credit facility and to finance a portion of the Cognate acquisition. In April, we also amended our existing credit agreement to establish a new revolver with borrowing capacity of up to $3 billion. The net result of these actions will reduce our average interest rate on debt by approximately 50 basis points to 2.65%. An overview of our current capital structure is provided on slide 36. On a pro forma basis, including the Cognate and Retrogenix acquisitions, our gross leverage ratio was just under three times, and we had total debt outstanding of slightly below $3 billion. For the year, the higher debt balances due primarily to Cognate acquisition will be partially offset by the lower average interest rate from these refinancing activities, which is expected to result in total adjusted net interest expense of $83 million to $86 million. Free cash flow was $142.2 million in the first quarter, a significant increase compared to $42.9 million last year. The primary reason for the improvement was the strong first quarter operating performance, along with our continued focus on working capital management. Capital expenditures were $28 million in the first quarter compared to $25.7 million last year. Looking ahead, we are increasing our capex guidance for 2021 by $40 million to approximately $220 million. The increase primarily reflects the investments we are making in Cognate to support its high-growth business. Even with the additional capital, we expect capex will remain below 7% of our total revenue this year, which is consistent with the target that we provided at our last Investor Day in 2019. For the full year, we are updating our free cash flow guidance to the upper end of the prior range and now expect free cash flow of approximately $435 million for the full year. We are pleased to be able to increase free cash flow due primarily to the strong first quarter operating performance, even after incorporating the transaction costs and capital needs of Cognate. A summary of our revised financial guidance for the full year, including Cognate, can be found on slide 38. For the second quarter, our updated outlook reflects a continuation of the strong demand environment. We now expect second quarter reported revenue growth at or near the 30% level, including the contribution of Cognate. On an organic basis, we expect second quarter growth rate to be at or near 20%. This reflects the prior year comparison to the COVID-related revenue impact, which will contribute approximately 700 basis points to the second quarter revenue growth. As a result of the impact of COVID-19 on the second quarter of last year, we expect this year's second quarter non-GAAP operating margin and earnings per share to increase significantly versus the prior year. Our expectation for non-GAAP earnings per share is a growth rate of more than 50% year-over-year. In conclusion, we are very pleased with our strong first quarter performance, which included robust revenue aims and free cash flow growth. We remain confident about our prospects for the year and our ability to consistently grow the top line, bottom line and cash generation, and as such, believe this is reflected in the substantial improvement in our outlook. We look forward to hosting our upcoming virtual Investor Day in a few weeks. At that time, we plan to update our longer-term financial targets, which we believe will reflect the strong demand environment. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from John Kreger of William Blair. Your question please.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Jim, given all the Cognate commentary you gave us, can you just step back and help us understand what part of the CDMO industry are you interested in playing in kind of over time, longer term? Development, drug product, drug supply? If you could just elaborate on that, that would be helpful.
Jim Foster: Sure, John. So Cognate gives us the ability, and particularly in combination with HemaCare and Cellero, to provide -- to actually provide the cells to do the process development, to do the clinical trial scale up, and ultimately, to provide commercial quantities specifically of cell therapy products. And secondarily, we have some of the capabilities that are involved in and facilitate gene therapy manufacturing as well. But I'd say that the CDMO business will be primarily cell therapy-related.
John Kreger: Great. And then last month, you guys talked about Valence strategic relationships, which had some references to AI and machine learning. Can you just talk a little bit more about how you see machine learning having applicability within, I assume, DS&A mainly?
Jim Foster: Sure. Look, there's a huge amount of focus on utilizing data to inform the design of preclinical trials to achieve better outcomes. And I think, ultimately, the proof to design better clinical trials to achieve better outcomes and then to provide some correlation between the two of them. And so there's a rich amount of data, and I think Valence is a particularly strong AI company. We're going to see attributes or aspects of this, I think, all around our portfolio. We don't see this as a replacement for things that we do, but we see them as augmentative and/or earlier -- provide earlier indications of how a drug is likely to perform before we get into, let's say, nonregulated and certainly regulated safety trials. So the advent of AI should both enhance speed, and hopefully, outcomes in terms of the numbers of drugs that get to market. And between the rich data sets that we have and their facility with AI, it should be a very interesting combination, albeit very early days.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Coldwell of Baird. Your question please.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you very much. Impressive quarter. I'm focused on Safety Assessment, DSA segment. You cited record RFPs, record demand in Q1. That obviously follows the 2020 DSA segment-ending backlog of $1.4 billion, which was up 40% year-over-year, yet you're only forecasting low double-digit organic revenue growth in the segment this year. When we look at prior year's beginning backlog and how that compared to the resulting revenue growth, the math would, frankly, suggest multiples of what you're guiding to. I'm just curious what explains this disconnect from past backlog growth to your outlook for low double-digit growth this year?
Jim Foster: Want to take a shot at that David?
Todd Spencer: David, are you still connected? If so, you might be on mute. I think we lost David. He might have to come back in.
Jim Foster: Okay. Okay. That's OK. So the way we look at this, Eric, is that we've got -- we're thrilled with the demand. We're thrilled with the backlog. We're delighted with the way the year has started. We're really optimistic about the guidance that we provided, the fact that, that segment will be organic double-digit growth rate. It's still early in the year, so we want to see how more of the year unfolds. But we're quite confident and comfortable with our guidance for the year. And again, as we discussed quarter after quarter, there is nonlinearity in our business. So things sort of move identically quarter-to-quarter, increase literally, not necessarily at the same rate quarter-to-quarter. So we think this will be a very strong year that we've guided to.
Eric Coldwell: Well, Jim, it certainly doesn't look like you're going to miss that target. I'm just curious, I mean, pricing, I mean, can't be bad in this environment. And it just leads me to wonder if there's a big mix shift in the nature of the work, if there's capacity constraints happening, it makes me wonder if there's something in that backlog report from last year that you changed how you look at backlog or the reporting of the figure because it just historic trend, if I go back, even stripping out acquisitions the last five years, it just the growth rates would be if history repeated itself, the growth rates would be materially higher than what you're talking about. And it just seems these are awesome numbers. I'm not complaining obviously, but it seems like a bit of a disconnect.
Jim Foster: So maybe we'll take it off-line. But just to provide some comfort, Eric, and I understand the nature of your question. Pricing sign, capacity is well utilized, but we have sufficient capacity. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we actually have clients booking more work earlier, I don't know, because they have more work because they're better funded in. Maybe there's an underlying concern that none of us or our competitors will have the capacity that they want when we need it, although we work really hard to do that. The mix is solid, and we're getting a significant amount of work from big drug companies, a little bit instigated by COVID, but also just a plethora of new biotech companies. So nothing but good things are happening. We're pleased with our articulation of good things happening and what that reflects in terms of financial guidance. But maybe we should just talk to you off-line and get you more comfortable with the ebb and flows.
Eric Coldwell: Yes. That sounds great. And again, congrats on overall performance. Really good.
David Smith: Yes. And I'm back on. I'm sorry, I hit speaker button instead of the mute button. Was happily chatting away to myself. And then when I saw that it's mute, I realized that I hadn't heard what Jim was saying, but I get the impression that you were discussing about how the backlog has been built up because people are booking out further afield. And one of the reasons why we've been able to increase our outlook this year is because we can see much more of the year. So if that was discussed, I won't repeat it.
Jim Foster: Eric is pleased with what we're doing, but thinks that the guidance for the back half of the year should be materially higher given how we ended the year, given where we are now and given the ebbs and flows of the business, with pricing, and I explained that we were pleased with the year-over-year guidance, that things weren't linear, that nothing but good things was going on from a demand and pricing and mix point of view. And that's when you came in there.
Eric Coldwell: Good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Windley of Jefferies. Your question please?
Dave Windley: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I won't exactly follow on Eric's question. I think you addressed that well enough. But you have pointed out, Jim, Discovery's stronger performance for a couple, maybe three quarters. And you also commented, in general, in your prepared remarks about continuing to seek ways to add value for clients in DSA, which is a general comment, but I wonder if maybe it's not related to the growing Discovery business and potentially pull-through there, which we've asked about for years. So I wondered if you could kind of elaborate on the adding value to clients and DSA part of your comments.
Jim Foster: Yes. Yes, the Discovery business, as we've been talking about for at least a couple of years now, has really come into its own just in terms of client utilization, understanding of the depth and strength of the scientific portfolio. We've been adding additional businesses like D Bio and Retrogenix. And we have scale now. So we've got terrific organic growth, even though we don't break that out, and meaningfully improving operating margins in that segment as well as a pull-through into Safety. And of course, we're seeing high growth rates and nice margins in the Safety business as well. And I think we have a very strong capacity situation in both of our businesses. So we're really pleased with the demand. We're really pleased with the client uptake. It's largely driven by biotech clients. Having said that, we have a lot of big pharma clients who are sourcing more of their work to us, for sure, in Safety, and they have been for a while, but increasingly in Discovery. And as we keep adding these assets either through direct straight-up acquisition or the strategic initiatives that we've been pursuing vigorously, I think that will only intensify.
Dave Windley: When you think about -- to follow up, when you think about your capital deployment appetite, I guess there are some deals discussed in the public markets regarding monetization spin-off of potential assets. You've now dipped your toe into contract manufacturing, to John's question, that's a relatively capital-intense area. I wonder if you could kind of give us a rank order or a priority list of where your capital deployment appetite primarily resides.
Jim Foster: Sure. The sites continuing to invest appropriately in our businesses, all of which are growing. So most of our capex is growth-related. But as we reiterated in our prepared remarks, we're going to keep capex is going to stay below 7% of revenue even with the addition of Cognate and the capacity that's required there. But all of our businesses require additional capacity, certainly. Certainly, Safety does as well. So putting that aside, we're going to continue to do these technology deals in which we have about a dozen that are signed and another dozen in conversation. Distributed Bio was one of those that turned into an acquisition. Retrogenix began to be one of those and just pivoted immediately into an acquisition. And we have other deals in AI and bioinformatics and digital pathology, next-generation sequencing, environment traumatic and 3D tumor modeling that are cutting-edge technologies, and we're going to invest small amounts in those businesses or loan them some money and some of those, for sure, will be acquisitions. And they won't be particularly large companies and particularly expensive acquisitions, but they will grow rapidly. They'll enhance the portfolio, and they will distinguish us from the competition, not entirely, but particularly in the discovery. And I would say, besides those deals, which I don't know what the cadence will be, but I think we'll have a couple of dozen things that we're kind of participating in, and we'll buy some of them. We're going to do some straight up M&A in the discovery space. We're going to hopefully do some more straight-up M&A, sort of in the general ambit of cell and gene therapy. We'll do some more straight-up M&A sort of lab sciences area. We'll do more work in sort of aspects of biologics and microbial. And we actually have a couple of things that would fall into RMS. So the conversations, as always, are several. They're almost all private equity-owned businesses, which means that they're all for sale at the right time and in the right price. Nothing would take us off the reservation. They would be continued additions of what we're doing. If you have the underlying thesis of the question is, what additionally might you do in the CDMO space, specifically? I can't say that categorically, except to say that our focus for the foreseeable future is primarily in cell therapy and secondarily in aspects of gene therapy. And I think that we are currently a meaningful player in the cell therapy space and could be the most meaningful player in that space, where we just continue to grow the business in and add additional parts and pieces. And I think you understand fully that surrounding this surrounding the CDMO activities and cell and gene therapy is the cell product businesses and buttressed by the Biologics business. So that's a powerful portfolio, and then that's added further with the combination trials for pharmacology and toxicology. So it's a broad suite of offerings in cell and gene therapy, which is the largest and potentially the most exciting modality. And we'll see where it all goes. There's a couple of thousand drugs that are being worked on right now. We're probably working on a significant number of those. Yes. So that's the nature of our focus in M&A, and particularly, in cell and gene therapy.
Dave Windley: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Robert Jones: Great. Thanks for the question. Jim, I just had two related to capacity on the Safety Assessment side and then the newer CDMO capabilities. I know on Safety Assessment, just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense on your comments around clients booking further in advance of actual work. And just related to that, how you're thinking about capacity? Do you think, as what you're seeing trend, that you might need to be adding capacity? I know it's always a tricky dynamic to match supply and demand within Safety Assessment. And then just the second question around CDMO. I know last quarter, you said you were going to assess if you needed to add more capacity there. Just -- I know it's not too far from when you made that comment, but just curious if there's any updated thoughts on the CDMO footprint.
Jim Foster: Sure. So we have been adding incremental amounts of capacity every year. I'm going to say five or six years, but I think it's longer because the Safety Assessment business began to come back strong -- began to sort of flatten out in 2012 and began to come back strong in 2013. So it's probably seven or eight years. And since proximity is important and since we have a dozen Safety Assessment sites, we can't and won't just add space at one locale nor would we add all the space in the U.S. or all the space in Europe. So I don't know. We added at least half a dozen sites incremental amounts of space, depending on client demand, depending on capabilities, depending on how the space is currently utilized and depending on where we see the market going. So we have always done that. So we did in 2020 for this year. We're doing it now for next year and probably for '23. We're obviously realtime as we -- as the demand is exceeding our plan and our original guidance, which is a high-class problem, thinking very carefully about do we have to add more incremental capacity for this year. And I don't think we have an answer to that. If we do, it will be subtle. So those of you who are concerned about our capex spend, for whatever reason that might be, shouldn't be concerned. We have a high-growth business, and we have to provide the capacity we won't have the business. We love the fact, by the way, that clients are booking earlier. That's so good for us. It's so much more orderly. I think there's a conduit there with pricing. So I think that the pricing is still an issue with them. Don't get me wrong, but I think they're less concerned about price and more concerned about science and getting a slot. So keeping capacity relatively tight, so our margins are good, and so clients are desirous of getting in the queue early is a really good thing, subject to the caveat that you don't want to run out of space and turn clients away. So as you indicated in your question, we're always walking that tight rope. I think we're really good at it. It's not a perfect science. But we will add additional space. We're adding it right now, and we'll continue to add through the year. We probably will crank it up a little more than we would have as long as we feel that this demand will continue certainly through the back half of this year, which I think we've guided to and for next year. On the CDMO space, particularly on the Cognate space, particularly with cell therapy manufacturing aspects of it, there is -- we bought incremental capacity. That's in place. So we're fine. We obviously have to finish -- add and finish additional space for next year and beyond based upon both, not only the client demand but the nature of the demand. So is it some, the clients in Phase II? Are they in Phase III? And are they hinting about and wanting us to gear up for commercial launch or not? So we have to roll all of those things up. We have certainly sufficient capacity to accommodate the demand for this year and probably the beginning of next year, and we'll add more space there. So capacity and head count, the rate-limiting factors in the business, not demand. Demand is not a right limiting factor right now, which is a beautiful thing. Having the space is I don't mean to be flip about it, but it's relatively straightforward. It's just planning and cash. And you've got to get the planning really early because it takes a while to build space. And tox is probably 18 months or so, maybe two years to get the space we built and validated its greenfield, maybe 12 to 18 months of an addition. And maybe it's a little bit shorter in the CDMO space. It's probably nine to 12 months. So getting the space built ahead of when we need it and getting people hired and trained ahead of when they need it accommodates the -- there's a sufficient capacity to accommodate to the demand and allows us not to be short. And by the same token, we don't want to have too much space or too many people sitting around, nothing to do. So it's a constant balancing act.
Robert Jones: Appreciate your thoughts. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your question please.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Jim, on manufacturing, you talked about COVID vaccine testing intensifying. I'm curious how we should think about that dynamic. Curious if you can quantify what's actually baked into the outlook on COVID. I think last year, you said it was about $60 million across the portfolio. And then as we think about Cognate, one question that comes to mind is why people would work with you versus Catalent that has Paragon and MaSTherCell, Thermo that has Brammer. So can you just talk a little bit about how you think about competitive positioning for Cognate?
Jim Foster: Sure. The numbers that we called out last year that were clearly COVID-related, I think, fall into a different category than what we're going to see this year, what we're seeing this year. Plus I don't think it's a useful piece about it. I mean we teased out last year because we had a tough second quarter, where revenue was down in RMS and a little bit in Microbial and a few other things that we were watching accost tightly and etc, etc. We were trying to make sense of it for our investors. I think on a forward-going basis, while there's going to be some meaningful but modest, because it was modest last year, going to be some amount of continued work on COVID-related therapeutics, monoclonal antibodies and antivirals. Drugs to treat people who get the disease, perhaps if they have been vaccinated or not. On an ongoing basis, though, our Biologics business is going to do a lot of testing of COVID-related vaccines. And I think we're probably going to move into a genre of it being flu-like. And there'll be booster shots next year and new variants every year, and they will always make it. I don't know who give will be. At least the four companies who already have vaccines and perhaps others and companies like that will continue to test it. So I don't think it's all that useful to break it out or try to break it out going forward because I think it will just be an ongoing business. And so Biologics, while a really strong business for us and there's lots of large molecule products besides what I'm about to say, like monoclonal antibodies and others and there's no question that cell and gene therapy COVID-related work will be really, really critical. Why someone would work with us? Well, I think the two companies that you mentioned are principally in the gene therapy manufacturing space. So cell therapy manufacturing space, we have smaller clients -- sorry, smaller competitors who are around the same size as we are in cell therapy manufacturing but don't have the large suite of services. So the ability to work with us from very, very early research to process development through the clinic to end-use work, I think it's a distinguishing feature of our portfolio. And by the way, we continue -- hope to continue to add to that. So hopefully, more of a holistic approach. The competition helps clients with speed to market, and they don't have to pause at each step and work with somebody else.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. That's helpful. And then follow-up, just curious about the sustainability of some of the trends you called out. At RMS, you talked about GEMS, this resurgence around outsourcing, managing proprietary colonies. How much of that came from the pandemic? And how much of that do you think is sustainable? And then separately for DSA, you've called out the pricing increases and client securing space ahead of time a number of times on this call. I'm just curious how you think about the sustainability of those trends as well.
Jim Foster: I feel really good about the sustainability of both of them. So GEMS has been a nice growth business for us for at least a decade. Those models are critically and increasingly important for basic drug research. There's a whole bunch of services associated with producing those models, and they're complicated to produce and providing them to the clients. I think we got a little pop because of COVID, which we will keep. And I think the demand for these models, which continue to be more sophisticated, made more easily through CRISPR and other technologies, is a really strong demand for us. We're doing that pretty much across the globe at all of our sites. We're pleased with DSA pricing, even though we're not going to break that out. And we're really pleased with the growth in the dome and demand there. I don't see any rationale given the funding environment, given the new modalities like cell and gene therapy and immunotherapies that -- and yes, we got a little bit of incremental work there, to your question. Specifically in Discovery, I would say, that caused some clients to take a look at us that hadn't. So I think they're quite happy. So we will retain that work. And as we add new services like D-Bio and like Retrogenix, I think we'll get incremental work. So I would think that the pricing paradigm would hold up. I would think that clients -- as long as the demand remains strong, there's no reason or indications that it will soften; that we'll see more clients booking slots earlier, which is great for them; and as I said earlier, way better for us in terms of visibility planning; and getting our calendar straight in terms of how our space is utilized because maximizing that capacity is really powerful for the bottom line.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes. Hi. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. Jim, I wanted to go back to the comments around clients securing room on the tox side earlier on. I mean this is something that we've been talking about for a long time. So are you starting to have any conversations with your customers around sort of pay or play time, type of deals and securing capacity for longer periods of time given -- considering that it takes about 18 months, right, to build capacity?
Jim Foster: Yes. That would be nice. I think that would logically follows from the market situation. I'm a bit -- we had this over a decade ago. We had a couple of clients that would book just book capacity on a take-or-pay basis and pay for it to be empty until they needed it so they never had to get in line. I think I've said to you and others countless times, but if I was running R&D for one of the big drug companies, I for sure would commit to space like that so I didn't have to worry about it. It's a relatively trivial enough of the cost of developing a drug, and the hopeful clinical cost is about 20% of the cost of development and drug and being on tox as some percentage of that. And mostly money is spent in the clinic. So we've had a few passing questions and thoughts about that as some vibrations with some clients thinking about it. I wouldn't want to project or predict whether that will happen or not. I just seem reluctant to do that. Although increasingly, we're not seeing people book slots earlier. I think if they book slots earlier and they're for whatever reason, I'm happy with the slot. Let's say it may -- let's say they want to start a study in June. And we say to them, "Yes, we can't start until September," then that requires them to back it out further or do something about taking the space on a take-or-pay basis. So anything is possible. I do think the market dynamics are such that it would support the basis for your question. I just think that the big drug companies, in particular, have been reluctant to do those sorts of deals. And I would say that we don't have any concrete evidence that that's on the horizon.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then as a follow-up question, I mean, you've been consistently beating and raising organic growth goals in your sort of forecast for the different segments. Considering sort of mix of business and your performance, why -- what's kind of like still holding you back from upping long-term guide?
Jim Foster: Nothing -- we're going to give new long-term numbers in our investor conference in a couple of weeks. So I think we'll wait to do that then. So nothing is holding us back. I think we have a good understanding of the market and a good assessment of the funding paradigm and the new modalities and what clients are telling us. And obviously, we have a big footprint to work with virtually all the big drug companies and most of the biotech companies. So we have a really good installed base. So now we have a clear view of it, and we'll be putting out our new numbers shortly.
Ricky Goldwasser: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Avendano of Bank of America. Your question please?
Juan Avendano: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question. I guess building up on the backlog question on DSA and how strong it is, can you give us an update on the mix of studies that you're seeing in Safety Assessment in toxicology? How is the mix from general toxicology and specialty toxicology trends? How has that trend been? And how does that compare to prior years?
Jim Foster: We don't have any control over that. You don't get long-term studies unless you do short-term studies. And you don't get -- you usually -- I wouldn't say never, but you usually don't get specialty work unless you've done a general toxicology work. So they come in tandem. We like both. Action profiles are kind of not all that dissimilar, although the pricing is a bit easier on the specialty work side. So it's probably around the 50-50 range. We like it that way. As I said, we can't control it. So every once in a while, you'll hear us say that we have an abundance of long-term stays and not enough short-term ones or vice versa. Typically, that balances out over time, and it feels like we're in balance right now.
Juan Avendano: Got it. And a follow-up on DSA as well. Can you give us an update on the pull-through or the revenue synergies across -- that you're seeing right now between Discovery and Safety Assessment? And how is that tracking against your long-term goal?
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean without processing it too finely because I don't think that's useful or productive to kind of do this on a quarterly basis, there's no question that we have an increasing number of clients. They could have been Safety clients who never did Discovery with us or Discovery clients on never did Safety or new clients who never did anything with us that work with us to help discover and develop a compound. And then are thrilled because we have a really deep understanding of the molecule to work with us because a, they trust us, b, because they like our science, and c, because it's faster. So I think over time, we will continue to have a significant amount of our clients be doing both with us. We don't contract with them that way. In other words, we don't say we won't do the discovery work with us much. It just Safety or vice versa, that would be overreaching and I think dangerous. But I think increasingly, particularly as the Discovery portfolio has grown so significantly and with great scientific depth and with great cutting-edge technologies that we have much more clients open to and are utilizing us for discovery, some of whom use us a safety before that are really comfortable just continuing to have us develop the drug.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of UBS. Your question please.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe the first one just on margins. I know you called out, obviously, with the strong top line operating leverage and efficiencies. Could you just maybe break out a little bit maybe some of the components there? Just what was the impact from acquisitions? What would the impact from efficiencies, if you will, and just operating leverage just in terms of the new guidance that you're providing?
David Smith: Yes. That's right. And well, we've given the pieces for the different deals we've done. And broadly, this year, Cognate is pretty neutral on the margin and earnings per share, so is Retrogenix given its size. So for this year, the majority -- well, all of the increase that you're seeing is, if I put it to way around is not to do with Cognate and Retrogenix. It had to do with the operational businesses itself. And of course, With the top line improvements that we posted today, we'll get some fall-through that will also help with the margin because, of course, we've got a lot of fixed costs embedded in there. Once upon a time, we used to break out our efficiency program and what that was doing to Charles River as a whole, but we stopped doing that for a while now. But broadly, yes, I mean, we've got good top line growth. The efficiencies, they're kicking in, as we described. It's all working very well together at the moment. But I -- there isn't really the M&A that's causing sort of an upside or a drag, with the exception of Cognate on the Manufacturing margin, which is a drag. But given the overall performance of the business, we were covering that, as you've seen, by posting the increase toward a 21% margin this year.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Maybe second one would just be on HemaCare. I know I think it grew below -- I think last quarter, you had talked about some of the drag there given the pandemic and you expected the recovery. Just where do we stand in terms of the guidance for '21 now? What's baked in for HemaCare for the remainder of the year?
David Smith: Well, we haven't broken out HemaCare in precise numbers. What we have said in the preprepared remarks that HemaCare had a slower start than we had hoped, but we do see that improving as we go through the year. I just would like to point out, it is a relatively small business. And the fact that it's had some issues at the beginning of the year because of COVID and donor access to sites, etc, we see that improving as we go through the year. And of course, it's still a strong business for the future. So this year, it's a small impact on the business.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then I know Microbial rebounded this quarter, excuse me. Similarly, you had an impact last quarter from the pandemic or actually in the prior quarter. Just how do we think about the ability for that business to -- like is there further catch-up to go given what you saw this quarter versus what the normalized expectation for that segment?
David Smith: Yes. So again, as we called out, while we've seen a nice improvement in Microbial, it's got the double-digit growth earlier than we expected. So we're pleased with that. But we've not got full access to install new equipment with all of our clients. We're making headway in there. But of course, as we continue to do that, that would be an upside. And of course, that's been factored into the revised guidance this morning.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then maybe last one, just on Cognate, Jim. Sorry, if I missed it. I know you gave a lot of details in the deck and the presentation. But what specifically is baked in for Cognate this year? And I think at the time you did the deal, I think you were anticipating what a 15% revenue tag or is this correct? Just wondering on both of those fronts. And if it's 15%, why couldn't it be higher than that given the overall growth rate of that end market?
David Smith: So we added $110 million in revenue. That helps.
Dan Brennan: And in terms of the -- when you did the deal, I think you talked about -- correct me if I'm wrong, was it a three year CAGR 15%? Just wondering kind of what the opportunity is, given the end market, I think, is certainly growing at that rate, if not stronger.
David Smith: Oh, The total growth rate was 25% on an annual basis going forward.
Dan Brennan: Got it. Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Anderson of Evercore. Your question, please.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. I just had to ask a little bit more about how customers are moving through the like post-pandemic era. Are you seeing sort of people sort of taking a time sort of think through like what they're outsourcing, what they're keeping in or sort of think through changes to their discovery program? Or is it just kind of - "oh, let's like get moving because we had all these projects that were delayed". Or sort of how would you characterize the tone of your conversations?
Jim Foster: I mean they're quite positive, except in the second quarter in our research model business when academic clients were closed, and we had difficulty placing some of our Microbial Solutions systems. All of our sites remained open. And virtually all of our clients, except a handful, were open. So our clients have been busy. They're well financed. The vast majority of our clients have no internal capability to do anything to have discovered drugs and then all the rest of the development that comes to us. So I wouldn't say that there's been a dramatic change. We just have increasingly intense demand across the board for what we do, based upon really robust portfolios, early stage portfolios that most of our clients have and enough money to prosecute them broadly as opposed to sort of chunk it. And we don't see any indications that those elements would soften or that the demand would soften as -- certainly as we move through this year. And as we said earlier, we gave a longer-term guidance and our thoughts on where our business is going and demand is going at our investor conference.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, you talked about some of the capacity constraints in terms -- and expanding capacity in terms of the physical infrastructure. Are you seeing any change in terms of like the availability of employees or any cost pressures on wages or anything of that sense out of -- versus a couple of months ago? Or it...
Jim Foster: We're hiring a lot of people. We're actually hiring more people than we had planned to hire because the demand for everything we do is exceeding that. So as I said earlier, it's a high-class challenge. It depends on the geographic locale. And some term geographic locale, it's easier to hire people; some, there's greater competition. I do think we are an attractive place that lots of people like to work or want to work at. We worked on over 80% of the drugs for the last three years. People like that. It's probably our best recruiting tool. We're always trying to -- we have 110 locations now, so lots of different countries. So the competition for head count, as I said, it's different and different places than the kind of wage levels are fluid. So we're always trying -- we're working hard to stay up to or ahead of it so that pay is never an issue. So I'd say it's the ultimate rate-limiting factor in our business is availability, not just of anybody, but are really strong people who understand that we're working for patients and the criticality of their work. So I'd say we're doing a very good job. I think we did a really good job in the first quarter with our recruitment. We anticipate significant improvement through the back half of the year pretty much across the board around the world. And so we're working hard to stay ahead of it.
Elizabeth Anderson: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your question please.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks guys. Maybe another one on the cell and gene therapy piece. I understand it's still early days, but can you just talk about some of your customer conversations around cell and gene therapy business now that you've closed Cognate? Have you seen any increased interest in areas like HemaCare and Cellero now that you're more kind of an end-to-end cell and gene therapy player? Or should we expect those benefits to be a little more long term?
Jim Foster: I mean it is early. So we have the combination of -- revenues up more slowly in the first quarter in HemaCare and Cellero because of lack of access to donors, coupled with the fact that Cognate's relatively new. It's a month or two old. So I think it's early to tell. We have no doubt that the thesis is a very strong one, but clients who can use us starting very, very early in the process through process development and scale up through the clinic out to commercial quantities is powerful. No client's going to build -- virtually, no clients going to build this stuff themselves. I think the competitive marketplace is attractive for us. I think we have a unique portfolio that clients are definitely resonating to based upon conversations and based upon the uptake in business and our ability to sell a whole suite of cell and gene therapy services, including pharmacology and safety testing, including biologic testing, including some microbial testing, including some -- across our research model business, it's becoming a very big business for us. Look, it's no different than everything else we do. We provide a comprehensive, holistic portfolio of products and services so it's more of a solution for clients because -- particularly small biotech companies -- everyone, but particularly them, they don't have the time or the ability or the desire to work with half a dozen different providers across those different streams of business. And so our whole thesis is about being the largest nonclinical CRO so that we can do more for our clients. And a, they don't have to do it themselves because they don't want to and b, they don't have to work with multiple players.
Patrick Donnelly: Got you. Thanks Dave, Todd and Jim.
Operator: Our final question comes from George Hill of Deutsche Bank. Your question please?
George Hill: Hi. It's Maxi on for George. Could you talk about your thoughts on the change in dynamics -- competitive dynamics in the industry following there is some vertical innovation trend and if recent deals in this space create opportunities to move upstream into later-stage research services?
Jim Foster: Yes. I think I followed that. You said that really quickly. But yes, look, the consolidation on the clinical side of the business, which you're referring to, is really no different than the consolidation that not only we saw but we participate heavily in, in the preclinical side. So as you know, we have a We have 12 different sites and probably eight or nine different acquisitions in the Safety business. So all -- that whole business is directly side with acquisition and consolidating the industry so that we had more scientific depth and capabilities and we had a broader geographic footprint. So you are seeing and will continue to see the exact same phenomenon in the clinical space. Now that it started, I think it will continue. I don't know where it will end up, two or three players probably. Your question about what that means or portends for us, look, we look at the clinical space often. Look -- when I say, look, I think we always discuss it often. I think you know that we used to have a clinical -- small clinical CDMO capability, which in the small molecule, which we sold is because it's under scale. And now we're back in it with cell and gene therapy. So we sort of have two big moves: one is CDMO space, one is the clinical space. So we dipped that toe into the CDMO space and like it, at least on the cell therapy side. On the clinical side, we could do that, I guess. It doesn't seem that there's a client need, and I don't think we should make -- even contemplate a move like that unless the clients are requesting it. So the only company that has a clinical and preclinical capabilities is Covance, I think it's a failed experiment. I don't think clients buy from them on that basis nor have contracts to do preclinical work all the way through the clinic that's years. Nobody buys that way. So we haven't had a conversation in the last decade with the clinical CRO about paying together. No one's ever called me a clinical CRO that came together with them. And I don't think any of us would even contemplate that move, although it would provide a bigger share of the client's wallet. So that would be attractive. But since the clients aren't buying that way or thinking that way and not desirous of any of us doing that, until that changes, I don't see any logical rationale for us in the preclinical side and other people have clinical site to get together. Having said that, I learned a long time ago never to say never about anything. So I don't know at what point the demand quotient will change and clients would want one company or multiple companies to do both. If and when that happens, we'll explore.
Todd Spencer: Well, that concludes the call today. Thank you for joining us on the conference call. We look forward to speaking with you during our upcoming investor events, including our virtual Investor Day on May 27. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator:

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 15:25:41) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Charles River Laboratories International Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call and 2021 Guidance Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. 
Todd Spencer: Thank you, Mary. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2020 earnings and 2021 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2020 and our guidance for 2021 as well as our planned acquisition of Cognate BioServices. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning approximately two hours after today's call can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition today's remarks will also include estimates of the COVID impact on the company. Certain methodologies and assumptions related to how we develop these estimates can be found on slide three. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster. 
Jim Foster: Thanks Todd. Good morning. I'm very pleased to speak with you today about the conclusion of another extraordinary year for Charles River our expectations for 2021 and the expansion of our early-stage research and manufacturing support portfolio into a complementary high-growth sector. 2020 was an unprecedented year. COVID-19 pandemic challenged us in many ways. But to date we've navigated it successfully and reinforced our position as the leading nonclinical CRO. Our success in 2020 was due to the resilience of our business model, a comprehensive business continuity plan that enabled us to keep our worldwide operating sites open and adequately staffed.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. My discussion this morning will focus primarily on our financial guidance for 2021, which principally excludes the impact of Cognate BioServices. We expect 2021 reported revenue growth of 12% to 14% excluding Cognate and organic revenue growth of 9% to 11% which includes a benefit of the favorable year-over-year comparison to last year's COVID-19 revenue impact. Sustained client demand, including record fourth quarter bookings and proposal volume in our Safety Assessment business and a robust biotech funding environment support our growth outlook for 2021. Based on this strong revenue growth and with modest operating margin expansion in 2021, we believe we are well positioned this year to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $9 and $9.25. This equates to year-over-year earnings per share growth of approximately 11% to 14%, which is similar to our top line growth outlook, as higher revenue and margin improvement will be partially offset by a higher tax rate. Foreign exchange is expected to provide a 200 to 250 basis points benefit to our reported revenue growth guidance for 2021, as a result of the weakening U.S. dollar. Our FX rate estimates are based on the bank forecast for the year, which are currently very close to spot rates. We have provided information on our 2020 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rates that we are assuming for 2021 on slide 40 and we'll continue to monitor fluctuations in the currency market as we progress through the year. From a segment perspective, our revenue outlook reflects the strong business environment and the fact that most of our businesses have recovered from COVID-19-related disruptions in 2020. The RMS segment is expected to achieve high teens organic revenue growth in 2021, as client order activity for research models rebounds from COVID-19 and the growth rate of HemaCare and Cellero cell supply businesses accelerates to targeted levels. We expect the DSA segment to deliver organic revenue growth approaching 10% in 2021 and Manufacturing to grow slightly below 10% on an organic basis as Robust Biologics demand is partially offset by the continuing impact of COVID on Microbial Solutions. We were very pleased that the operating margin improved by 100 basis points to 20% in 2020 and that we achieved our target of a 20% full year operating margin one year ahead of plan. Building upon this performance, we believe that we are well positioned to drive additional margin improvement for the full year 2021, despite modest pressures on Manufacturing due to Cognate, as we continue to leverage strong revenue growth and maintain our focus on operational excellence. On a segment basis, RMS is expected to be a primary contributor to margin improvement in 2021, increasing from the COVID-suppressed levels of 2020, to well above 25% this year. The DSA operating margin is expected to continue to make progress toward the mid-20s target and the Manufacturing operating margin is expected to be similar to the 2020 level before Cognate. We expect unallocated corporate expense in 2021 to be in the mid-5% range as a percentage of revenue, or similar to 5.6% of revenue last year. Our scalable infrastructure enables us to drive greater efficiency even as we periodically reinvest to meet our goals and the needs of our clients. Total adjusted net interest expense is expected to decrease to a range of $66 million to $68 million in 2021 excluding Cognate, compared to approximately $74 million last year. We expect the decrease driven by lower average debt balances, as well as lower variable interest rates. The non-GAAP tax rate for 2021 is expected to be in the low 20% range an increase from 18.9% in 2020. The increase in the tax rate is principally an issue of comparison to 2020, because last year's tax rate was reduced mainly by discrete tax benefits associated with state tax returns and foreign tax credits. As a reminder, the first quarter tax rate has been meaningfully lower in recent years, due primarily to the excess tax benefit related to stock compensation. Given our current stock price, we expect this to be true in 2021, resulting in a non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-teens in the first quarter. We remain intently focused on driving strong free cash flow growth as a key measure of our financial performance. In 2020, free cash flow was $380 million, an increase of 12% from 2019, but below our prior guidance. The decrease in the fourth quarter resulted primarily from higher capital expenditures, which totaled $166.6 million. This was above our prior outlook of $130 million due to two factors: paying capital invoices ahead of schedule in order to give a discount as well as the timing of capital projects. Some projects that were slow due to the COVID-related challenges in the second quarter resumed in response to the reacceleration of growth and business activity. At the end of the fourth quarter, our total debt balance was essentially unchanged sequentially at $1.9 million, but our gross leverage ratio decreased to 2.3 times, primarily because of the strong fourth quarter performance. With our leverage ratio below 2.5 times, we will benefit from interest savings on our variable rate debt reducing the rate by 12.5 basis points to LIBOR plus 112.5 basis points. For 2021, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $415 million to $435 million based on the anticipated strong operating performance of our business and our continued focus on working capital management. Capital expenditures this year are expected to total approximately $180 million excluding Cognate. Currently, we do not intend to repurchase any shares in 2021 and expect to exit the year with a diluted share count slightly more than 51 million shares. The FX benefit is expected to largely offset the earnings per share dilution from the higher share count. A summary of our 2021 financial guidance, excluding Cognate can be found on slide 49. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2021, we expect year-over-year revenue growth will be in the low double-digit range on a reported basis and approaching 10% on an organic basis. We expect earnings per share to increase at a high-teens rate year-over-year from $1.84 in the first quarter of last year. As I mentioned earlier, the first quarter tax rate is expected to be in the mid-teens, primarily due to the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. Before I conclude, I'll provide some details on our financial outlook including the acquisition of Cognate. Assuming the acquisition closes by the end of the first quarter, Cognate is expected to add approximately $110 million to revenue for the partial year resulting in a revenue growth outlook of 16% to 18%. We expect Cognate to be neutral to non-GAAP earnings per share in 2021, so do not expect the acquisition to have a meaningful impact on our current guidance. The acquisition is not expected to have a meaningful impact to Charles River's consolidated operating margin this year, so we continue to expect to generate modest margin improvement with Cognate. We believe there will be opportunities to improve Cognate's operating margin over the next few years as we deliver acquisition synergies, enhance the scale of the business and drive operating efficiency. We intend to update our full guidance and other financial metrics to reflect Cognate next quarter, once the acquisition closes. From both strategic and financial perspective, we believe the acquisition will deliver a compelling benefit that will generate value for shareholders. As a premier, cell and gene therapy CDMO, we expect Cognate to boost the growth potential of our business and be increasingly accretive to non-GAAP earnings after the first year. Due to the high growth nature of the emerging cell and gene therapy sector, we expect to pay 23 times adjusted EBITDA for the next 12 months after the close. We expect the transaction will achieve our return on invested capital hurdle rate, which is to meet or exceed our cost of capital by year three or four. We plan to finance the Cognate acquisition through our current revolving credit facility and we will also evaluate opportunities to further optimize our capital structure given the attractive interest rate environment. Our pro forma gross leverage ratio at closing is expected to increase into the low three times range, which is consistent with the levels after other recent transactions. Also consistent with prior deals, we will focus on repaying debt in a timely manner following the acquisition and reducing leverage to our targeted level below three times. In conclusion, we are very pleased with our 2020 financial performance and believe that we are positioned to have another strong year in 2021. Over the past five years, we have achieved compound annual growth of 15% for revenue, 16% for earnings per share, 15% for operating cash flow and 10% for free cash flow. With Cognate and future acquisitions as well as continuation of the robust underlying demand environment, we believe that we will be able to achieve similar growth metrics over the next five years. We intend to provide a business update and more details on our longer-term outlook including our updated financial targets at a virtual Investor Day in the spring. Thank you. 
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Eric Coldwell with Baird. Your line is open.
Eric Coldwell: Hey thanks very much. Good morning. Just two quick ones here. First off and I think we could probably triangulate based on those last comments. But David could you tell us what the cost of capital you're using for the Cognate deal? It looks like you might be exploring some options on your debt structure related to this. And then secondarily, there were some comments on mix and safety being slightly dis-favorable in the short term. I'm curious if we could get a little more detail on what the driver of that was and what the outlook is for the mix going into 2021? Thanks very much.
David Smith: Yes. So, Eric in terms of the cost of capital for our return on invested capital calculations, we use our WACC, which is around 7%. But I think your question is also about how we might fund it. So, we know the interest rates are very low at the moment. If that holds, then we will be looking to see how we might structure our long-term debt to finance Cognate. So, we'll say more of course in a few weeks or a months' time when we come to do that. But yes, I think it's definitely on the cards that with a low interest rate environment we ought to take advantage of that. And so although we can fund the investment initially through our revolver and we'll do that we will be keeping a close eye on actually what markets might do in terms of longer term interest rates for our bonds. In terms of the DSA margin, there were two aspects that drove that. But if I just step back a moment you -- as everybody knows, we've been trying to get to the 20% overall margin for Charles River for some time now, really pleased that we've achieved it this year, really pleased that we did it one year ahead of schedule. And DSA was a meaningful contributor to that. So, the margin grew 140 basis points over the full year. But we did have a slight decline in Q4. And that's partly to do with higher performance-based compensation. I mean we had the 9.4% organic revenue growth. I just mentioned the 140 basis point margin improvement so the wider DSA team absolutely deserve the compensation that they've got there. Secondly, to your question on the steady mix and we've had this conversation a few years ago where we have a situation where we've got a disproportion amount of studies that have large models and so did additional costs initially when those studies kick off. But if profitability improves over the course of the study and overall you end up with similar sorts of margins. So, mix is to tend to fluctuate. Sometimes it balances off to get the portfolio occasionally you get like we have in Q4 like we had a few years ago where we've got a particular heavy load and the like on studies that have larger costs at the beginning. So, overall, yes, we're very pleased with the potential for DSA. Still striving to move that towards the 25%, which I think Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks as well. So, this Q4 impact is mostly transitory.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to focus on cell and gene therapy with my question in your Cognate acquisition I guess a two-parter. Jim in the WIL acquisition, there was a small CDMO that came along with it and you decided to sell that kind of decided that you didn't want to be at least in that CDMO business. So, Part A of the question here is elaborate a little bit on why the CDMO opportunity in cell and gene therapy is more attractive to you for Charles River to get into. And then Part B, the question is to flesh out a little bit more of the pieces that you've now assembled, with your cell supply, your complementary biologics testing capabilities et cetera, a little bit more of the continuum? And are there -- is that fairly complete at this point, or are there other additional capabilities that you feel like, you need to fill into white space in your C&GT business? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. Thanks for that Dave. Yeah. So, many years ago we did acquire a small molecule CDMO. And it was a perfectly good business. And you'll recall, kind of we told that we -- we told you and other analysts and shareholders, that we had done an exhaustive analysis of the industry. And we had decided that, it was -- there were some very, very big players. And it would be difficult for us to achieve scale. And since we like to be, if possible the premier player in the spaces in which we work. We just -- we thought it was best to exit, which we did. And at that time, perhaps overstated, I desired to remain out of it. But as you know, over the last couple of years in conversations with us, I think several things have happened. Number one, cell and gene therapy has heated up dramatically. Number two that brings with us both, an opportunity to make a niche play, in the CDMO space. And be minimally a leader which we're entering with this asset, as a leader in the space and potentially the leader overtime. So we -- so that sort of dovetails with the original comments that we made. You've got this $20 billion of investment in cell and gene therapy. Just in 2020, you've got 2,000 drugs that have been filed. The vast majority over two-thirds or three quarters I think are in preclinical and Phase I. So the demand has heated up dramatically. We have a lot of inbound. Our M&A is derived from requests from clients, for products and services that they need that they'd like us to have, either because they trust us more or they're unable or incapable of getting these, elsewhere. So, this feels like, -- it fills a very important gap in the portfolio. I don't think it would be lethal had we not done this, but it would cause clients to have to go outside to get their drugs manufactured. So just to, continue to comment and answer your second question. We now have an extremely broad portfolio. So you're starting with us literally with the cells, via research and development. We're going to be able to do process development for you, of your drug. We're all obviously going to be able to test that drug, in our Discovery and Safety business. We're going to be able to manufacture that drug, for the clinic and hopefully the commercial purposes. And our Biologics business is going to test those drugs, before they're going to the clinic or into the marketplace. So it's a very, very comprehensive suite. As you heard us say, cell and gene therapy is going to move with this deal from, about 5% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 to 10%. So, it's a major move for us strategically, but we're doing that entirely in response to our clients. So clients can stay with us through the development of the cell and gene therapy products, particularly cell therapy products, where the preponderance of this business, is focused and an opportunity to be a leading player in this segment.
Dave Windley: Very good, sounds good. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger: Thank you. Jim, just a quick follow-on on what you just said, I assume, the work that Cognate is doing is clinical at this point, but are you set up for commercial scale production? And can you maybe comment on, the -- kind of the capital footprint and investment needs that you think you're going to need to make in the business over the next few years? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yeah. They've got a good geographic footprint. It's US and Europe. They have -- definitely have incremental capacity, some of which has been, added relatively recently, which will provide the capacity both, to do larger clinical trial lots. And if and as those drugs move into commercial, into a commercial domain, obviously to do that work as well, which the clients will want to do that also. Obviously, there's, very few commercial products that exist in cell and gene therapy period, although so many being worked on right now. So that certainly would be the goal and the strategy we anticipate. We certainly have the technical ability, regulatory ability knowledge of CGMP production in cellular therapy from people that have come from a host of different company backgrounds to form a very strong management team there. Capacity like all of our businesses that are growing will be important as we built out somewhat in advance of having the demand and anticipating the demand. I do think the clients of Cognate's will be very pleased to see it in our hands, because there's the uncertainty of being private equity owned and what's the future and what's the investment portfolio. So I do think that clients who are working with this company now in the clinic whose drugs are progressing nicely will have a high degree of confidence, if the drug makes it that we could and perhaps should be their commercial producers. So we like that sort of entry point here with a bunch of increased business with our access to clients with their footprint and with this being part of our overall portfolio.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah. Hi, good morning, and congrats Jim on completing the acquisition. I know you talked about it I think over a year at our conference and your intent to enter the area. So congratulations. My question is around the margin profile. Clearly, you exceeded your margin expectations by a year. But from everything I'm hearing, it sounds like there's a real nice opportunity for long-term margin expansion, right? You talked about the complexity of the projects that you are working on. And even when I think about sort of the strategic outsourcing it seems that we're starting to hear from some companies that they're looking to downsize their own facilities and their own sort of workspace, which I equate to kind of like 5, 10 years ago what we saw in the talks were kind of like capacity was coming down which gave you an opportunity. So how should we think about that margin expansion and opportunity? And when you give us those long-term goals is it going to be kind of like a 2-year goal, or are we thinking longer-term here, especially given kind of like the Cognate acquisition that really opens this new and growing market opportunity?
Jim Foster: I'll give you a general comment. David may want to give you a slightly more specific comment. And I think we'll leave sort of the overall deep dive on this important subject with you entirely until we give longer-term guidance. But I think as a bottom line proposition, we are organized to drive efficiency throughout all of our businesses. We are organized to keep our G&A load as flat as possible as the business continues to grow and could -- we've demonstrated that over the last few years. We've also demonstrated our ability to drive efficiency. We're going to be doing some more work on the digital front, which will provide greater connectivity amongst our sites internally and externally, and we'll certainly take time out of the process that should generate better returns also. We certainly will continue to have pricing power across all of our businesses, which I think you are alluding to with the outsourcing demand. There's basically biotech. We have a big pharma footprint. Biotech is the principal driver of our growth. Biotech is extraordinarily well funded and biotech has no internal capacity and doesn't want to have it. So I would say first and foremost, our biggest business segment which is DSA definitely has meaningful margin opportunity going forward. We still have some major acquisitions in that business that have improved nicely, but still have more margin to contribute. And I think efficiency across all of those businesses will be significant. The company that we just bought will continue to have improved margin opportunity. You've got to see RMS get back to kind of historical levels to 2021. And then I think it should improve particularly since it has that attractive cell product aspect to it. I think the Manufacturing segment can always get better. We'll see how we decide to say about that. The margins being at 37% are obviously quite extraordinary. Having said that, I think there's probably still opportunity in the Biologics business to drive growth. So you should see some modest improvement in 2021 as we said in our prepared remarks and certainly more on a forward going basis, and we'll give you a deep definitive dive on that in the not-too-distant future.
David Smith: I think you've covered all the main bases there, Jim. And the only thing, I would add is that, we constantly give some deep thoughts about where to invest versus the margin expansion. And it's always a balancing act to look for the medium term. But despite that comment as Jim said, we do feel we can get margin expansion this year. And we'll say more when we have the virtual Investor Day in the spring.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Juan Avendano: Hi. Thank you. I have a few questions on RMS. I guess, the first one is the pent-up demand in research models, do you foresee that to be a multiple quarter event? And related to that, it seems like the supply of non-human primates has been severely impacted by COVID-19 and export bans from China. Are you seeing a benefit in your Research Model volumes as clients might need to migrate towards smaller volumes in the absence of the bigger models? This is a dynamic that, I've been sort of tracking. And then the last thing is on HemaCare and Cellero it seems like the revenue that came in, in the quarter was a little bit lighter than expected. And so just curious, if you're seeing a lingering impact from the pandemic on the donation centers? I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes. There's probably a slight lingering impact as you put it on the government side through the fourth quarter. We had shutters down and then we opened it in May. It's been improving steadily. There's still some  obviously, some social distancing going on and we're always looking for new donors. So probably some slight drag coming out of the year. As we said in our prepared remarks, we anticipate that we'll continue to improve both as COVID becomes less severe hopefully. But even, if it doesn't, we feel we have the operational knowledge to structure this in a way that we should achieve the goal. So we had next year's targets, which is north of 30%. So that will continue to participate  to grow nicely. In fact, you're going to ask another question on nonhuman primate. So I'll answer the one, I thought you were going to ask and answer the one that you did ask, why is that the supply is definitely constrained around the world? I think we've done an exceptional job in adding ensuring tightening up expanding our supply sources so that we have multiple supply sources for multiple countries, such that we can support the demand, which is quite significant. The sort of changing out of species and moving to smaller species, maybe we should have an offline conversation on that. I just don't think that's  I don't think that's happening. Work on large molecules really has to be done on larger species to get the sort of quality results that we're looking for. So I think NHPs will continue to play a critical role. In terms of pent-up demand for RMS, I think we've seen much of that play through the academic medical centers that were totally or partially shut in  basically in all three geographic locals. Asia, Europe and the US have essentially all opened. We don't believe regardless of the level of infection with COVID that they're going to go down  go back in the lockdown. The research is too important. They're sorry that they shut them down and they definitely now had to work with other agents around and given that their laboratories are usually all gone down. So we think that, we're back in kind of a normal cadence in RMS for the products which is principally what you're talking about the services obviously we're not only unaffected but I think benefited from some of the COVID disruption that our competitors saw. But in terms of production sale of research models, I think we're back to normal cadence both in volume and price enhanced by the cellular products of business that continues to grow.
Juan Avendano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Jones: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jim, I wanted to go back to the comments around the delayed instrument installations in Microbial. It seems like you're expecting that I think the language you used was to affect revenue growth well into 2021, but it seems like you saw some improvement towards the end of 2020. So just wanted to understand a little bit better what needs to kind of change at the client front in your mind to see a reacceleration of these installations? And then relatedly, I think, you gave some commentary on margins by segment, but overall it looks like 20 basis points to 30 basis points improved EBIT margins. How could that look if in fact these installations start to come back in faster in 2021 just to the overall enterprise margin?
Jim Foster: Yes. So it's an imperfect world to predict this, but we feel pretty confident in what we've told you which is that for sure we have had difficulty accessing clients to install our largest and most complex systems. And in a few cases we have been able to do this with some of our larger systems on a virtual basis. So the clients really were -- really needed these systems and were willing to dedicate the people and the time to do with us. And of course, we had to be creative and facile to do things virtually. Now having said that, we've had the FDA and other regulatory agencies auditing us virtually all year all of 2020 and clients have done that. And we've done virtual audits of lots of things ourselves including some aspects of the company that we're in the process of buying. So we're in a virtual world. So it's hard to predict how comfortable people will get doing things virtually or whether they're just going to want to wait. We think it will be a similar cadence to what we're on. The virus is pretty rough right now obviously. So limitations in many of the countries in which we work and we place these systems in many of the states in the US are severe. We're not letting outsiders into our facilities, for instance. So the impact of that is as follows that we don't place the systems, which are large systems. They got large ASPs and they're quite profitable. But even more importantly than that every one of these big systems generate substantial amount of revenue of cartridges, reagents and to some extent and in some instances our Accugenix ID business. So we're losing all of that associated incremental revenue on all of these systems that weren't placed and still haven't been placed in fiscal 2020. What you saw in the end of 2020, which is I think confusing you and I understand why is less that the sites opened up and more that there was just a surge of demand for cartridges at the end of the year pretty much with people that have -- we have a large installed base of thousands and thousands of systems most of which are relatively small. And those -- that's probably a commentary probably to a small extent that people who couldn't get large systems that they're going to use their smaller ones more readily. But more importantly than out of commentary on just how much work is out there on testing all of these drugs before they get into the market enhanced slightly by COVID and somewhat by cell and gene therapy. So the business -- the demand for the business frustratingly has probably never been as good as it is now. We'll do the best we can being created in installing those systems. But as they are not installed, we don't get the incremental revenue and that's why we're projected to be slightly below the 10% growth. Part of the answer -- to the second part of your question margins are exceptional in that business both in the Microbial business and the whole Manufacturing segment. Having said that, they have steadily improved. We think there's a lot of improvement in Biologics. And there has been some improvement in our manufacturing capability in Microbial, which has improved the margins as well. So stay tuned. 
Robert Jones: Got it. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey. Thanks. A couple of follow-ups here. Jim starting with Cognate. I want to go back to John Kreger's question on CapEx. If we look at some of the other CDMOs whether it's Catalent with Paragon and MaSTherCell or Thermo with Brammer. The cost of building out facilities here are not insignificant in the kind of $150 million to $250 million range for commercial cell and gene therapy facilities.  So in the context of your CapEx guidance being $180 million, I'm just curious how we should be thinking about your willingness to take on maybe more -- much more significant investments? And then two quick follow-ups for David on guidance. I'm curious if you can break out any COVID contribution. I know it was $60 million in 2020. So what's baked in for 2021?  And then on the margins, it does seem like there's a couple of potential drivers to the upside here. You did have the DSA price increase you flagged. RMS recovering from COVID suppressed levels and then the Manufacturing installation tailwinds -- sorry headwinds wearing off. So all of those seem like they could get you above modest improvement, but I'm just curious if there are more meaningful offsets that would continue that? Thanks. 
Jim Foster: So the CapEx will not be insignificant in this business. It will be meaningful, but I don't think we'll be disproportionate to the growth potential of this business. This will be amongst if not the highest growth aspect of our business. So we'll have to invest ahead of it as we've said earlier. Obviously, there's a substantial installed base already that we're buying. This business is principally GMP cell therapy manufacturing. And secondarily, the production of plasmid DNAs.  And while the CapEx is substantial it's less substantial in some aspects of contract manufacturing. So we're not really going head-to-head for instance with Thermo and Catalent that are more gene therapy manufacturing businesses. So it's difficult to get sort of what there spend is versus what ours will be? They won't be -- it won't be insignificant, but it will be a lower order of magnitude one that we're pretty confident we'll get substantial returns on and that we've already obviously baked through our model and we'll give you clarity on it as soon as we close this deal.  David, you can take the second question. 
David Smith : Yes. Yes sure. So short -- in terms of COVID and the sort of headwind tailwind here, the short answer is we've contemplated a sensible approach, at least we believe a sensible approach to what COVID will do in our guidance. So that's baked in. Of course, we don't know what we don't know. Just to unpack that a little bit. So we obviously, we had some significant losses because of COVID particularly in RMS. And we did say at the last earnings call that we expected RMS to be broadly exiting the year with COVID behind us and we still believe that to be true.  In academics, clients seem to be open and we're not expecting that do a U-turn, but we'll keep an eye out for that. We generated $60 million of revenue that was COVID related both in DSA some vaccines and some other aspects. Not all of that will go away. We expect to see some of that continue into 2021. And that's also baked into the guidance. So there are puts there are takes. Broadly, we feel the way we're looking at it, we've broadly got COVID behind us other than the things that's already been called out late. We've just been talking about Microbial for instance that's a lit bit of a headwind.  Moving ahead with your margin question. Just want to call out a few potential opportunities. I just want to make sure that you're cognizant of the unallocated corporate costs. So historically, we've seen a 50 basis point improvement as a percentage of revenue. This year we're guiding towards pretty much flat 2020. And the reason for that is that we have got some investments that we are contemplating or in the process of putting in.  In fact when Jim talked at the JPMorgan conference, we talked about five different strategic imperatives and one of those strategic imperatives was to champion technology. And indeed, I think Jim's just mentioned a few moments ago, the desire to put in best-in-class technology should help our clients essentially access scientific data in real time. So there is some set-up costs associated with that, which means that the unallocated COVID cost is not giving that 50% basis points that we've historically had, but we would expect to have that behind us this year. 
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. Jim maybe a follow-up for you on the RMS business. It certainly proved more resilient even while the pandemic has lingered here. Can you just talk through what changes you've seen in customer behavior there? And then I know in recent quarters this one included you talked about some academic share gains. How much of that is increased penetration versus taking share from competition? 
Jim Foster: Yes. We definitely have seen a change in demand, outsourcing demand on the service side of our RMS business, almost entirely from the academic sector, who really were up against it with COVID with facilities that literally were shutting prematurely and a significant amount of research was at risk. And the fact that we were open that we were capable of doing this and have been able to do it so well for them for this amount of period of time, I think it demonstrated sort of the frailties of them continuing to do this internally. So there's no question that we've seen incremental work that was done internally be outsourced. And we're highly confident that a meaningful amount of that has stuck. And just a quick side. Similarly you asked the question about RMS, we saw some of this in Discovery and Safety in the second quarter with clients who either they were using another provider who was incapable of supporting them during the sort of -- kind of initial outbreaks of COVID and/or their own facilities were shut for some meaningful period of time and that caused them to either contemplate outsourcing for the first time and contemplate more outsourcing that they had done historically. And definitely based upon the feedback we've gotten from these clients really pleased with the services that we provide and the speed with which we're doing it and the price points as well. So there's no question that we've got. It's an incremental share that was perhaps not available to anybody that was being done by the clients themselves. And for sure some work that was outsourced to competition both in RMS and in DSA where they were unable to do that. And that incremental share gain and expectation of continuing to gain share in certain aspects of our business is certainly baked into our 2021 numbers.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from Sandy Draper with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Sandy Draper: Thanks so much. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe just one quick follow-up on the microbial testing. And maybe looking at the other way less about what getting pulled forward in margin impact, but are there any capacity constraints Jim or David when things clear up? I'm just trying to think could this be a bolus of revenue that than for four quarters is higher and then normalizes, or do you think it would just sort of return to a normal level? I'm just trying to think through what would have to happen. Is this just -- you start to ship it out and put people out, or is there a point where you can only go so fast and so it's just going to get back to a normal level? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. I don't think there'll be a bolus of activity. The machines will have to be installed virtually or for real probably most real. And then the clients will have to start to utilize them. Obviously that installed base of whatever X number of machines that have either been delivered and not hooked up or waiting to be delivered by us to the clients who's not letting us in. As I said earlier sort of every day, every week, every month they don't have those systems. They're not buying the associated disposables. It's unlikely we're going to install all those systems at once and then they're going to suddenly expect to use them at once. Obviously, it's beneficial once we install them, because they are larger and they use a disproportionately large amount of disposables that will be beneficial, but I think it will be gradual. It will be persistent. We're continuing to build -- our inventory will be in enough shape. I think you're inferring is that going to be a problem or an opportunity? I think our inventory will be appropriate shape to accommodate demands in those associated disposables. But I think it would be steady, maybe it's slightly beneficial in a particular quarter or two, but I don't think there's going to be a surge in demand.
Sandy Draper: Great. Thanks so much, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Brennan with UBS. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on the quarter. I've had two questions and a margin follow-up and then one more on Cognate. On the margins, I was hoping you could just help us on some of the segment margins. I know for Manufacturing, obviously exited the year at a great level, but I'm just wondering what is the guidance on Manufacturing margins for 2021? It's a little unclear from the deck and from the comments. And similarly on RMS, I know you talked about well above 25%. Are we talking 27%, 29%? Any help on those two numbers? And then, I have a follow-up.
David Smith: Great. So in the Manufacturing, if you exclude Cognate, we would expect the margins to be similar to the way we exited in 2020. However, Cognate will be a little bit of a drag. So we are expecting with Cognate for just this year to be somewhere in the ZIP code of the long-term guidance that we've particularly given out, which will be in the mid-30s. We'll say more about where we think that's going to go at the Investor Day. In terms of RMS, okay, so well above 25%, that's a fair call out. Where's the ceiling on that? I think last -- if you look at last year, we were a little bit above the 25% to 26%. So I would say somewhere in the mid-high teens would be about -- sorry, mid-high 20s would be about right.
Dan Brennan: Okay. Thanks, David. And then, just maybe one more on Cognate. I'm just wondering, could you give us any color on -- obviously, it's still a nascent market, any color on the competitive positioning Paragon and MaSTherCell. I'm sure WuXi Advanced and the big players are all focused here as well. So just any color whether itd be number of clients, or just any color you can give on that front? And then, I'm just wondering, in terms of the senior executives of Cognate are they locked up given how critical talent and expertise is to run these complex CMOs. I'm just wondering what the deal terms were on that front? Thank you.
Jim Foster: So you should think of our principal competitors in this space being Lonza and WuXi and not Thermo and Catalent. And number one, you should consider that the size of our business, the business that we're buying is comparable to those two. So, in the same ZIP code. Specifically, with regard to the sort of manufacturing capabilities that we're acquiring, if you look at the totality of our portfolio in cell and gene therapy, from the cellular product businesses, we bought last year with this business that we're teeing up now across our whole portfolio that cell and gene therapy capabilities are vastly more significant than those two players, and across the continuum where they can continue to use our services. So, we feel really good about our competitive position. I said earlier in answer to someone's question, we're entering as a leader specifically the CGMP part, and I think our aspirations and I think high probability that we could be the leader with this in the midst of Charles River's larger portfolio our reputation our client contact. And with regard to the management, we've always been successful in keeping key management. And obviously, we'll be proceeding to get contracts in place as -- now that we just signed a deal. So, we're quite confident that we'll keep the key management team in place.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks, Jim.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Donald Hooker: Hey, great. I guess a lot of questions have been asked here, but maybe the big picture. Jim would love your broader perspective kind of with your leadership position in the space kind of on the topic of using artificial intelligence and machine learning and drug discovery. I know you had one partnership there with a company called Atomwise. You have a bunch of other partnerships. I'm not sure, if you're dabbling in that area in other ways. What are your evolving views there? I know you've mentioned in the past, but just curious if your viewpoint on that topic has evolved?
Jim Foster: Yeah. We think that artificial intelligence and machine learning will increasingly have a role in drug development, both in predictability of successful preclinical trials and predictability of success in clinical trials. And then obviously, have a role in the design of those trials and some linkage between the animal work and the human work. Theoretically and practically utilizing, if you take a look at the data that we have on thousands and thousands and thousands of molecules, some of which have succeeded and many of which have failed is -- can be highly important and predictive. How robust that technology is, how quickly regulators adopt it, how quickly our clients embrace it, is really hard to tell. What technology do we utilize as we make these small investments in these technology deals we're going to definitely get access to multiple different ways of utilizing that data? And we may use them in combination or we may just have one that prevails. We've done a lot of work on this internally and with a bunch of world-class experts. And while we think there's an ongoing role, we want to be very careful in terms of how we invest the shareholders' money and the assumptions that we make on sort of adoption by the users and not either invest in a wrong technology or invest too aggressively prematurely. So, on a very measured, but very thoughtful basis, we're going to continue to play in it. And I would say that, it's more than use the word dabble. I don't really feel that we're dabbling in. I think that we're -- we're seriously investigating the best way to utilize our capabilities in concert with some powerful AI tools. I suspect we will have additional AI technology partnerships going forward.
Donald Hooker: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So quickly, anything to be mindful of from a phasing perspective in your 2021 guide, given your comments on the first half outlook for DSA? Is first half, a larger than typical proportion of your full year outlook, given the visibility you're messaging on the DSA side? Thank you.
David Smith: We don't normally see big gating differences in DSA throughout the year. We see that case in Biologics sometimes in RMS, but nothing particular to call out on DSA. We try to give you quite a lot of the pieces and give you a little bit of a hint for Q1 as well. But other than that, no, we don't look at DSA and feel that there are types of incidents that happen that would make that funky other than things like we can often have a mix issue. And that's not to do with the calendar. That could be at any point in the year.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your last question is from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Just to conclude, I was hoping you could give a little more color on DSA margins. I was wondering, obviously, the full year was strong, but fourth quarter underperformed a little bit. Are you seeing any inflationary pressures just given the amount of demand out there, either on wages or on some of the supply constraints around the large models? And what's embedded for 2021 in terms of those points?
David Smith: So, we've never really called out that we've had like wage pressure. That is atypical from what takes place in those countries. So there's nothing specific to call out for Charles River vis--vis wage inflation et cetera. And believe we take a very close look to what's going on country-by-country and try to stay competitive there. And there was an exception in 2018 midyear, when we felt that we wanted to bring Charles River to a living wage type organization, which we called out. But there are no real surprises in terms of wage inflation or in terms of supply costs, that we feel that we should be calling out other than what we've already said in terms of Q4 was really to do with the timing issue. Other than that, we feel that we will get -- start working -- will continue to work towards the mid 25% that we've been striving for some time. And we don't have much more to say. 
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you during upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-31 07:11:05) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Todd Spencer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2020. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A webcast replay of this call will be available beginning two hours after the call today and can also be accessed on our Investor Relations website. The replay will be available through next quarter's conference call. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor, all remarks that we make about future expects, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During the call, we will primarily discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations and prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, today's remarks will also include estimates of the COVID-19 impact on the company. Certain methodologies and assumptions related to how we develop these estimates can be found on slide three. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Thanks, Todd. Good morning. The global pandemic is continuing to adversely affect our world yet through these challenging times, the biopharmaceutical industry is distinguishing itself by leading the way in scientific innovation that will be vital to finding a cure for COVID-19. At Charles River, we have never been so essential to our diverse and growing client base, and we remain fully operational and continue to enable our biopharmaceutical clients to move their programs forward across a wide range of therapeutic areas, including COVID-19. Our resilience through the pandemic has served to enhance our position as the partner of choice for our clients' early stage research needs as we continue to differentiate ourselves through our broad portfolio, our scientific expertise and our superb client service. In the second quarter, we were encouraged as most of our research model's clients were returning to their facilities and recommencing their scientific research more quickly than anticipated. This favorable trend continued in the third quarter with a V-shaped RMS recovery as clients across North America, Europe and Asia, resumed more normalized research activities. The accelerated RMS recovery was a key component of our robust third quarter financial results, which exceeded our expectations. COVID-19 had a very limited impact on our other businesses in the third quarter, aside from Microbial Solutions, which continued to work through its backlog of delayed instrument installations. In fact, we continued to generate new business opportunities through share gains, particularly with academic clients. In addition, we are winning incremental work, as clients increasingly choose to outsource in order to utilize our more flexible and efficient drug development solutions, which is benefiting our Biologics, Discovery, Safety Assessment and GEMS businesses. These factors contributed to our robust third quarter performance, which included record revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow. I'll now provide additional details on our third quarter results. We recorded $743.3 million in the third quarter, an 11.3% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 7.8% was driven primarily by the strong performance of our DSA and Manufacturing Support segments, both of which improved their organic growth rates compared to the second quarter levels and were consistent with our long-term targets for these businesses in the high single and low double digits, respectively. RMS also contributed to organic revenue growth, returning to growth just one quarter after reporting an 18% organic decline as the height of COVID-19-related client disruptions and academic site closures. The operating margin was 22.7%, an increase of 330 basis points year-over-year. This reflects meaningful operating margin improvement across all three business segments, primarily as a result of leverage from our strong topline performance, our continued focus on operating efficiency and cost controls associated with COVID-19. We were extremely pleased with the strong operating margin performance, which reflected the underlying margin potential across our businesses. We also benefited from lower discretionary costs due to COVID-19-related restrictions, which included travel. Earnings per share were $2.33 in the third quarter, an increase of 37.9% from $1.69 last year, which exceeded our prior expectation of high single-digit improvement. The record EPS was driven by exceptionally strong operating performance as we emerged from the second quarter, which we believe will be the worst of the COVID-19 financial impact. A lower tax rate also contributed. Based on the third quarter performance, we are increasing our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for '20. We now expect organic revenue growth in the range of 5% to 6% or a 75 basis point increase at midpoint. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be between $7.75 and $7.85, which represents a $0.60 increase at midpoint and a 15% to 16.5% increase year-over-year. The revenue headwind from COVID-19 is now expected to be approximately $70 million for the year, which is below our prior estimate of $100 million. Most of this revenue loss occurred in the second quarter, and we expect to exit the year with a revenue impact from COVID-19 essentially behind us. Our guidance assumes that there will be no new stay-at-home orders or wide-scale disruptions to our operations or our clients' research activity through, at least, the end of the year. But should this change, we will be ready to take action to mitigate the impact as we did earlier in the year. I'd now like to provide you with additional details on our third quarter segment performance beginning with RMS. RMS revenue in the third quarter was $159.1 million, an increase of 2% on an organic basis, primarily as a result of strong demand for research model services as well as for research models in China. Our recent cell therapy acquisitions, HemaCare and Cellero, each had excellent quarters and contributed 11.1% to the reported RMS revenue growth rate. COVID-19 had only a modest impact on our research models business in the third quarter. Research model revenue growth in China rebounded and is approaching the historical trend for the business. As expected, China recovered earlier than other geographies, as clients resumed more normalized research activities after returning to their site in the middle of second quarter. Despite a slight lag in Western markets, demand for research models in North America and Europe also improved significantly on a sequential basis as clients resume more normalized research activities during the third quarter, particularly in Europe, where we also benefited from some stock-up orders as clients returned to their sites. In the third quarter, client ordering trends for research models in Western markets moved closer to pre-COVID levels and were only moderately below prior year levels. As we exit the year, we expect ordering trends in North America to fully recover as well. We are pleased with the V-shaped recovery in RMS business to date and see other favorable trends that are also quite encouraging. We believe that we will continue to benefit from market share gains, including from academic clients as we gain business from new academic principal investigators or APIs when we reopen their sites. Academia has been a strategic focus to drive enhanced RMS growth, with tailored initiatives targeted for the unique needs of the client base. We have always contended that our global scale superior client support and biosecurity initiatives have differentiated our research models business in the marketplace, leading clients to choose Charles River for their early stage research needs. We believe our resilience and ability to remain operational during the pandemic underscores these attributes. And have led to new business opportunities and market share gains due in part to competitive dislocation. The Research Model Services businesses, specifically GEMS and Insourcing Solutions also continued to benefit from the long-term trend of clients externalizing more of their work. This trend has been reinforced during the COVID-19 pandemic, as clients increasingly seek the flexibility and efficiency of utilizing our sites and staff instead of their own. The GEMS business had another strong quarter as it benefited from incremental outsourcing opportunities with GEMS clients who previously managed their model colonies in-house. They opted to outsource work due to COVID-19 restrictions at their own sites, saw the benefit of outsourcing, and we expect that many will have us retain this work. HemaCare also rebounded nicely in the third quarter. As we mentioned in August, HemaCare donor clinic reopened in May and demand from its cell therapy clients improved meaningfully at the end of the second quarter. Coupled with the acquisition of Cellero, which was completed in August, cell therapy revenue increased more than 20% during the third quarter, reaccelerating toward our 30% 5-year target for these businesses. Cellero has enhanced our access to high-quality, human-derived cellular products, both from healthy donors and patient populations. And expanded our geographic reach with donor sites in both Eastern and Western United States. We firmly believe that our ability to supply cell therapy developers and manufacturers with these critical biomaterials will lead them to remain with us through discovery, early stage development and the manufacturing support processes. We continue to view the cell and gene therapy space as a high-growth market, in which we need to continue to strengthen our capabilities in order to meet clients' increasing needs and further enhance our growth profile. The RMS operating margin meaningfully improved by 120 basis points to 27.7% in Q3. The year-over-year increase was principally driven by the benefits from operating efficiency initiatives, including cost controls we implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. DSA revenue was $461.2 million in the third quarter, an 8.6% increase on an organic basis over the third quarter of '19. We are pleased that the DSA performance was in line with the long-term, high single-digit growth targets for this segment as the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses experienced a negligible impact from COVID-19 in the third quarter. DSA growth was driven by both biotechnology and global biopharmaceutical clients. Although biotech clients were the primary driver, broad-based client spending across the entire biopharmaceutical industry is reflective of the global focus on scientific innovation and the need for our clients to utilize more flexible and efficient early stage outsourcing solutions. The Discovery Services business had another exceptional quarter, with broad-based growth across early discovery, CNS and oncology services. We are winning incremental business as clients outsource programs that they have historically kept in-house as well as some COVID-19-related projects. We believe our in discovery portfolio, scientific expertise and flexible working arrangements have encouraged more clients to partner with us to counteract the challenges of COVID-19. We believe our continued success and our clients' willingness to outsource more of their discovery programs will be predicated on our ability to continue to add innovative discovery capabilities to meet our clients' critical research needs, which we are actively accomplishing through our strategic partnerships as well as our ability to forge collaborative relationships that enable our clients to work with us in a flexible manner. As a result of one of these relationships, we received a milestone payment from an integrated drug discovery partner in the third quarter, which contributed to the top line growth and operating margin performance. While milestone-based client relationships represent only a small portion of our Discovery business, we believe that our ability to structure working arrangements to meet our clients' needs and deliver the targets or molecules they seek to develop will lead to more discovery outsourcing opportunities in the future. We are pleased to have discovered more than 80 novel molecules for clients since the inception of our Early Discovery business. Safety Assessment business continued to perform well, with sustained growth in study volume. Bookings and backlog activity remained robust, with strength in specialty toxicology and GLP bioanalysis as well as cell and gene therapies. Each of these areas differentiates Charles River from our smaller competitors. We are also seeing increased demand for infectious disease programs, including COVID-19, and are not seeing any corresponding spending reductions in other therapeutic areas. We believe this demonstrates both the strength of the early stage funding environment and clients' increasing use of outsourcing to ensure the continuity of the research. The DSA operating margin improved by 310 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter, 25.2%, with meaningful contributions from both the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. Several factors drove the improvement, including operating leverage and strong top line growth, our continued focus on operating efficiencies and cost controls associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. The discovery milestone payment contributed approximately 50 basis points to the margin improvement. Revenue for the manufacturing support segment was $130.2 million, an 11.5% increase on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year and also in line with our long-term growth target for this segment. The Biologics Testing Solutions business had another excellent quarter, and the revenue growth rate in the Microbial Solutions business improved from the second quarter level as we anticipated. Last quarter, we commented that Microbial Solutions was affected by delayed instrument installations as certain client sites were inaccessible due to COVID-19. As expected, the backlog of instrument installations was gradually reduced in the third quarter. We gained access to additional client sites and conducted some installations virtually but other sites remain inaccessible as certain clients maintain the COVID-related visitor restrictions. We believe microbial revenue growth will continue to gradually improve as we complete additional instrument installations, with the rate of improvement contingent upon our ability to access client sites. The biologics business reported another exceptional quarter of strong double-digit revenue growth, principally driven by two factors: robust market trends, and increasing utilization of our new capacity. Last year, we opened and transitioned into our new biologics site in Pennsylvania, which more than doubled our capacity in the region. We have been filling this new capacity in 2020, due in part to robust client demand for testing, cell and gene therapies and COVID-19 therapeutics. We believe cell and gene therapy and our core biologics testing work will continue to be significant growth drivers for years to come and that we will benefit from these trends and take market share because clients see the value in our extensive portfolio of services to support the safe manufacture of their biologics program and because we have available capacity to accommodate client demand. The robust biologics growth and higher utilization of the new Pennsylvania site as well as the elimination of duplicate costs from last year's transition to the new site were the primary drivers of the 270 basis point increase in the Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin to 39.1%. The Avian business also contributed, and we continue to be pleased with the benefits from enhanced operating efficiency in the Microbial Solutions business as a result of process improvements. Our third quarter performance is indicative of several important factors that our leading portfolio of early stage and manufacturing support solutions continues to resonate with clients even more today than ever before. That early stage market trends are strong, that our clients' appetite for outsourcing has become increasingly robust, and that we have the vision and experience to manage through challenging periods. We believe that clients outsource more work to us this year because they trusted the resilience of our business model and our ability to remain fully operational, and also our ability to partner with them to advance their programs when they face significant COVID-related disruptions. As clients resume more normalized research activities we believe they are actively reevaluating their longer-term outsourcing strategies. The COVID-19 pandemic has proven the ease and flexibility of partnering with a large stable CRO like Charles River as well as enhanced reliability, as clients seek greater research efficiency and continuity. Therefore, we believe biopharma clients are already committing to outsource more than they did prior to the pandemic. Biotech funding levels were particularly strong in the third quarter, surpassing the $100 billion year-to-date. Biotech IPO activity is accelerating, and year-to-date funding through September has already exceeded last year's total. We believe that biotech funding is particularly significant for our clients because many of them are emerging or smaller biotechs with programs in the discovery or preclinical development stages. That said, we see evidence from our clients, including global biopharmas that they are emphasizing greater investment in their preclinical pipelines. The favorable market environment aids us in driving our top line growth, but is only one of the factors that we believe will continue to drive our strong financial performance. Operating margin expansion is also a key component of our strategy. We believe the exceptional third quarter margin improvement of 330 basis points and our ability to expand operating margins in three of the last four quarters, demonstrate the underlying operating leverage in our business and our continued focus on driving efficiency. We expect to be near our 20% target this year, essentially one year ahead of expectations. In order to continue to enhance our value to clients and our growth potential, it is imperative that we continue to expand our unique portfolio of potential products and services to more comprehensively support our clients' research needs. Strategic acquisitions have always been our preferred use of capital, and we are continuing to evaluate new opportunities after a pause in the second quarter. There continues to be an abundance of M&A candidates available. And we will also increasingly employ our strategic partnership strategy to stay current with new technologies and modalities and to add innovative capabilities in cutting-edge technologies with limited upfront risk. Before I conclude, I'd like to announce two recent appointments. First, earlier this month, we appointed George Llado to our Board of Directors. George is currently Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Alexion Pharmaceuticals after serving 25 years at MERC. George's unique view from a client perspective and his technological expertise will be invaluable. He's a dynamic thought leader in the technology field, and we look forward to leveraging his insights as we continue to invest in our information technology platform and digital enterprise. I am pleased to welcome George to Charles River's Board. I'd also like to congratulate Vicky Creamer to her promotion to Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer. Vicky joined us last year to lead the Human Resources function as a Senior Vice President. During her time with Charles River, she has developed and executed a strategic HR plan that includes identifying and implementing world-class HR processes, developing and rewarding talent and optimizing the organizational design. Most recently, Vicky has been instrumental in the company's COVID-19 strategy, ensuring our people are receiving the support and resources necessary to navigate this challenging time. Congratulations, Vicky. We believe that the strength and resilience of our business model, our differentiated portfolio and our wavering focus on the client experience have enabled us to enhance our position as the leading early stage CRO to the COVID-19 crisis. Our success would not be possible without the collective efforts of the dedicated Charles River staff. So I'd like to again express my sincere appreciation to them for their hard work and unwavering commitment that allows us to continue to fulfill our mission every day. I'd also like to thank our clients and shareholders for their continued support. Now I'll ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results and updated 2020 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and our strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. We are very pleased with our strong third quarter results, including high single-digit organic revenue growth and meaningful operating margin improvement. The higher revenue and 330 basis points year-over-year margin increase contributed to earnings-per-share growth of 38% as did a lower tax rate. These results reflected improved organic revenue growth across all three business segments from the second quarter level and operating margin expansion, both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. I would like to start by discussing our operating margin performance at 22.7% in the third quarter, it was one of the highest levels in the company's history. We believe that the underlying operating leverage in our business is the primary driver of the improvement, benefiting from greater operating efficiencies and cost controls. Cost controls associated with COVID-19, including restrictions on travel and other discretionary costs, contributed to the third quarter operating margin performance. Reflected in our operating margin guidance, is a benefit of approximately $40 million from COVID-19-related cost reduction initiatives and cost controls, which is unchanged from our prior estimate. As we discussed last year, we expected to benefit from the scale of investments that we made in staff, capacity and infrastructure as well as our recent acquisitions as the synergies gain traction and the profitability of the acquired businesses improved. We believe that these initiatives and our continuing focus on operational excellence and cost management are the primary drivers of the operating margin expansion. For the full year 2020, we expect to be near our 2-year operating target of 20%, effectively, a year ahead of schedule. In addition to higher revenue efficiencies and cost controls, the operating margin improvement in the third quarter was also driven by leveraging of corporate costs. Unallocated corporate costs for the third quarter were $40.7 million or 5.5% of total revenue, a 50 basis point decline from 6% last year. At 5.7% year-to-date, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 5.5% of total revenue for the year. Total adjusted net interest expense for the third quarter was $18.7 million, an increase of $1.3 million year-over-year, reflecting higher debt balances and a higher interest rate in 2020. For the year, we expect adjusted net interest expense to be $1 million lower than our prior guidance in a range of $75 million to $77 million. During the quarter, we repaid approximately $245 million of debt, reducing our total debt balance to $2 billion. This resulted in the reduction of our gross leverage ratio to 2.6 times at the end of the third quarter, and our net leverage ratio was 2.3 times. As a result of the sub-3 times leverage ratio, we will benefit from interest savings on our variable rate debt, reducing the rate by 25 basis points to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. We are pleased that we were able to quickly repay debt to bring our leverage to our targeted level below 3 times after borrowing from the HemaCare acquisition earlier in the year. Strategic acquisitions to support our long-term growth strategy will remain our top priority for capital allocation. Absent any acquisitions in the near term, we intend to repay debt. For the third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 21.9%, representing a 170 basis point decrease from 23.6% in the third quarter of last year. The lower tax rate was due primarily to two factors: discrete tax benefits associated with foreign tax credits; and a higher-than-expected excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, which occurred because a higher stock price in the quarter generated more equity exercise activity. Based on the favorable third quarter tax rate and an expectation of additional discrete tax benefits in the fourth quarter, we are reducing our full year non-GAAP tax rate outlook by 225 basis points at midpoint to a range of 19% to 19.5% compared to our prior outlook of 21% to 22%. Our 2020 tax rate outlook includes substantial benefits related to stock compensation and other discrete tax items that are expected to lower this year's rate. However, over the longer term, we continue to expect our tax rate will be in the range of our low- to mid-20% target as we previously communicated at last year's Investor Day. Free cash flow was $151.1 million in the third quarter, a substantial increase from $120.7 million in the same period last year. The increase reflected the strong underlying operating performance of our businesses and working capital improvements. As a result, we have increased our free cash outlook for the year to approximately $415 million from our prior guidance of $350 million to $365 million. CapEx was $26.2 million in the third quarter, a decrease of $9 million from the prior year. Our expectation for CapEx remains at approximately $130 million for the full year. With respect to our full year 2020 guidance, as Jim mentioned, we are increasing our revenue growth outlook to a range of 5% to 6% on an organic basis and 9.5% to 10.5% on a reported basis, reflecting the third quarter performance. We also expect to achieve meaningful margin improvement, which, combined with the lower tax rate, is driving our higher full year non-GAAP earnings per share outlook to a range of $7.75 to $7.85. Our full year outlook for segment revenue growth is also more favorable, particularly for the RMS segment, given the recovery we are seeing in the business. For the RMS segment, we now expect a mid-single-digit revenue decline on an organic basis and a mid-single-digit revenue growth on a reported basis. For the DSA segment, we continue to expect high single-digit organic and low double-digit reported revenue growth. For the manufacturing segment, we expect high single-digit revenue growth on both a reported and organic basis. A detailed summary of our financial guidance can be found on slide 42. With one quarter remaining in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is embedded in our guidance for the full year. On a year-over-year basis, we expect organic growth in the mid- to high single-digit range and reported revenue growth in the high single-digit range. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to increase at a low- to mid-single-digit range in the fourth quarter. We are extremely pleased with the operating margin expansion that we have generated through the first three quarters of 2020, particularly amid the COVID-19 crisis. The fourth quarter has represented the highest quarter in the last two years. But this year, we have tempered our expectations primarily because the COVID-19 revenue impact will not be behind us until we exit the year, and the COVID-related cost control benefits will also further moderate for the third quarter. We believe we are well positioned to finish the year strong, including with the achievement of a full year operating margin near our 20% target and are excited for the prospects as we look ahead into 2021 and beyond. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. We will now take your questions.
Operator:  And your first question is from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Hi, thank you. Good morning. I wanted to focus on, Jim, your comments about clients moving toward outsourcing more, committing to outsourcing more. You mentioned that at several points in your prepared remarks and that early on in 2020 with the COVID pandemic beginning to impact. You were certainly talking about Charles River keeping its facilities open and operating and that providing some benefit and some motivation to use Charles River more. I'm wondering if you could flesh out the conversations that you're now having about that kind of temporary situation moving to a more permanent situation in terms of outsourcing. And should we expect that this would manifest in bigger kind of headline type deals? Or will it just show up in the revenue growth rate on a kind of on a gradual organic basis?
James Foster: Yes. Thanks, Dave. We've been able to demonstrate in large measure because of the inflection point that the virus has given, provided. Unfortunately, it exists but really magnifies the power of our portfolio and magnify the criticality of outsourcing for clients who maybe didn't fully appreciate it. And so at a time when clients had difficulty running their own operations, opening them, getting them moving, having facilities closed, not being able to depend on themselves. We remained open in providing the smooth services for them across -- pretty much across the whole portfolio. And so, I think people that were either skeptical or had some kind of historical preference to do things internally now we have been enjoying the benefits of not having the study slow down because they couldn't do their own work. Hopefully, we're doing it as quickly. And I think in a lot of cases, more quickly than them, our price points, I'm sure, are better. And in a lot of cases, our science is actually deeper. And so we think actually the more prolonged this goes on and the more sort of hesitancy and concern they have about their own infrastructure, the more pronounced, the strength of our capability is. So, we're definitely seeing it, as we called out in the prepared remarks, we're definitely seeing it in GEMS. We're definitely seeing it in Biologics. We're definitely seeing it in Safety and Discovery. So most of our service businesses, we're seeing it. And there's no reason to not believe, and that's just based upon client input that never one will retain a meaningful amount of the work that has been outsourced to us. On an ongoing basis, clients have historically preferred it or will we're getting some input from some of them. They're rethinking their strategy that they're discussing the cost of their infrastructure and that we're part of the conversation. I wouldn't I don't know this for a fact. I wouldn't want to mislead you to think we're going to have some huge announcement and some major pop, although we could have a client that hasn't outsourced much at all that could do that. I think that's less likely and more likely that it will continue to be gradual but persistent across clients that have historically used us for outsourcing and some that have used us less. And I guess the last thing I would say as we continue to enhance the portfolio, which we surely will through these complex strategic deals that we're doing and through M&A, that will make us even a more attractive resource for the clients to satisfy needs, which they thought for whatever reason that they could only satisfy internally.
Dave Windley: Excellent, I'll stick to my one. Thank you.
James Foster: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger: Hi. Thank you very much. Jim, question for you about the research models business. As the third wave plays out, do you think there's a risk that you could see a falloff in model order flow similar to what you saw in Q2? Or do you think client attitudes will have changed this time around? Thank you.
James Foster: Yes. So, kind of a question did you are, John. We one doesn't know for sure, of course. And this virus is as predicted, right? Second wave already in the fall and the winter as it gets colder with increased infections and etc. So we think two things. The principal impact to our RMS business although other aspects were impacted. But the principal impact was academic major academic medical centers across the world, particularly the U.S. and Europe closing abruptly really two or three weeks. And so we know that, number one, their -- sorry that, that happened in retrospect that, that wasn't a thoughtful response on their part. Of course, they didn't understand this virus very well. And now that they do and now that they see the impact of that we're quite confident that the academic medical centers have made arrangements, both and they're very structured, how they work? How they PPE? How they stagger shifts? How they utilize, foods, etc. That they'll be able to withstand this apparent and already increase in the incidence of infection. So we don't think that we're going to have a major dislocation again that they'll all take a deep breath. We don't know -- what I'm about to say, we don't know, but I would be very surprised. Again, given the education that everybody has about the importance of mass and social distancing, and being careful who you hang out without sort of -- hang around without sort of work and staying home and you're sick, all of these things. I would be surprised if small biotech companies and large pharma companies shut portions of their sites for any meaningful period of time, if at all. So, I don't know if we stated. I mean I thought right now, and of course, we're in the midst of the second wave, the second wave, and the first wave and a new second wave for sure, you still think we're going to exit the year pretty much at a historical run rate for research models, both products and services. So, China will be strong in services. We'll be strong in the U.S. and Europe, which would be by COVID will not be. And we think it's highly unlikely that there will be a major sort of, I mean, unless there's a major shutdown across these sites, which we can't imagine what the rationale would be given the learning curve that we all have and all these institutions have had. So highly unlikely, John.
John Kreger: Very helpful, thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you, very much. You mentioned the academic share gains said particularly strong there. I'm curious if you could talk about what's driving share gains within that client base versus competition? Number one. Number two, you highlighted that there were some stock ups, I think, specifically in Europe as institutions came back online. I'm hoping you can talk a little bit about how those stock ups impacted the quarter. And what's the knock-on effect of that? How does that lead to future growth, future comps? How does that really play out in the academic marketplace? Thank you very much.
James Foster: Sure. So, the stocking up is a result of clients being sort of out of business and not working for some period of time and getting that to work and wanting to repopulate colonies and begin their internal work as quickly as possible. Number one, it's challenging to do and number one, that's not something that you continuously do. So, I don't think that's a continual process. I think that they stock up to get back to some steady state of operations that they were in prior to COVID. So we're happy to have it. We geared up for that, by the way, Eric. So, we purposely prepared for that because we anticipated that, that would be this kind of pent-up demand and it would have been frustrating for our clients. If we said, well, we reduced our animal colonies during the second quarter because business was slow, and we just simply can't provide those animals to you. So, it was as anticipated. The epidemic share gains -- it's quite interesting. So you have several things going on. You have academic medical centers that did some things internally that we obviously would say that unnecessary. So, they would do a lot of the scale-up of the genetically engineered Model Colonies themselves thoughts of mode the molecular biology and the actual production on their own. And we would say that's a parochial way to run your academic institution. And we do that every day, and we do that in a much larger scale than you, and we can do that at a lower price point, then we can deliver the animals to you on some sort of just-in-time basis whenever you need them. It could be weekly, it could be monthly, it could be daily. So we've demonstrated that. And now they're getting used to it in this thinking, wow. So we have a bunch of people in a bunch of space, breathing animals for our work because as we want to start things and studies immediately. And we've seen that we haven't done that. They also some of the academic institution had their own colonies of specialty strains that doctor X had developed some years ago, whatever, for whatever therapeutic area, Dr. X or Y was working on, and they just got used to, again being parochial and housing those colleagues themselves. That's also a silly use of this space and pretty risky because I don't think they have the biosecurity environment to breed animals and keep them pristine and if they have some sort of internal outbreak, they can really hurt themselves. So again, they had to they actually outsource those colonies to us and we have them. And on the GM side, they outsource the breeding work and molecular biology work to us and we have it. I can't tell you that nobody will bring it back in-house because there's a fair amount of parochial, but I can tell that we're getting just does the work is retaining the work. We're getting incremental work, and we're getting a lot of feedback from clients saying we're so appreciative that you're up and running. We didn't realize how seamless this would be for you to do the work at your site and provide the animals to us at our site, and we actually don't feel like we've given up control. And as we've probably discussed with you and everyone else on this line so many times, the principal thing that gets in the way of outsourcing for academic or pharma or biotech clients is perceived loss of control over whatever. Mostly time, this notion that stuff has to be down the hall or across the hall and I think we've demonstrated now for years now that that's kind of an mechanistic view of the world and isn't necessary and isn't a smart way to work. So, we're quite confident that our academic share -- opportunities, which we've been actually working for years is and will continue to accelerate because we've demonstrated this pretty unique value that we can provide them. And we would anticipate that share continues to grow.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, that's a really excellent detailed discussion, and I don't mean to overly parse the semantics, but this your discussion sounded more like penetration into existing accounts as opposed to perhaps taking share from other providers servicing those accounts? And maybe it's a combination of both. But to me, that sounded more like a penetration opportunity, selling new things that were done in-house to existing clients. Is there also a component where you're taking share from other providers?
JamesFoster: I think it's both, Eric. I think what we heard from our clients, this isn't just our perception is that particularly when COVID hit, they were disappointed in some of our competitors' ability to get animals to them, to provide services to them or indeed even be open. And as I know, because you know us well, some of our competitors, good competitors have a limited geographic footprint. So we also have competitors with a couple of sites where we have a dozen or more sites. And so if one of those sites was closed even for a short period of time, and that was one that was more proximate to the clients. That would be a disruption in service. And so for sure, we again, this is we exemplified what we've said for years, which is that we have this big international infrastructure, and you can count on us even during tough times like COVID or a hurricane or tornado or whatever. So yes, we definitely got to demonstrate that. And we heard back from clients with regard to specific competitors who weren't able to support them. And in some cases, competitors who had the lion's share of the work. They kind of called us sheepishly and said, "I know we don't do work with you, but we're stuck, can you help us? And then, of course, the legacy of that is that we get some or all of the work going forward. I think it's both. I think it's probably actually more share penetration of work that was done in-house at the clients which is actually, in some ways, more exciting because that wasn't available to anyone. That was just, as I've said before, this kind of internal historic ethos where they said, man, we just got to do the work ourselves. And this has been a disruptor into that thought process.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, thank you very much. Impressive result. Good luck with the future.
James Foster: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. Jim, question on DSA. Well, actually, you flagged the milestone that you received. I'm just curious if your discussions are mix shifting more toward embedded milestones and future work. And then it looks like COVID and other infectious diseases are helping drive safety assessment demand. I'm wondering for DSA, if you could just talk about the percentage of bookings and coded tailwinds and how you think about the burn of that work, the COVID related work for DSA? Thank you.
James Foster: Yes. So, I don't think we said it in the prepared remarks this time, maybe we did. So, we want to be careful to say that we are really pleased and proud to be doing so much COVID work for so many clients. I think that some drugs and vaccines, hopefully, to get to market, we will probably have work on. So, we're proud of that. It's definitely some incremental revenue across multiple business streams, including safety, maybe particularly safety. So, pleased to have it. It's just not a meaningfully large number. So, we just want to be clear about that. And I think that's actually a pretty good thing that business is so strong across so many different therapeutic areas and therapeutic modalities. With a slight enhancement from COVID. And by the way, we try to get COVID clients priority when we do the work. The DSA stuff and particularly the discovery milestone work and particularly the milestone that actually paid out. Again, we try to be very flexible in listening and be open to the notion that a client wants to work with us on a milestone basis. I wouldn't say we like it or don't like it. We don't necessarily pursue those types of deals. If the client wants it, and we think it's a drug. We think the molecule there has promise because we have deep scientific capabilities, and we can usually analyze these things well then we're open to taking a smaller amount of money upfront and a larger amount of money going forward. For some clients, that's just a necessary way that they want to work. And if we don't work with them, they'll go to the competition. Sometimes, we let them do that, depending on who the client is and what the molecule is. But we are open to -- we have a small number of those deals. So, we don't overstate it. We're happy with them. Obviously, we help them out on pay out. Some will, some won't. This one did, and that's obviously a really positive thing. Will that client come back and want to do another deal with us with a milestone? Probably, but that worked out really well for both of us. It doesn't mean we'll do the milestone deal if we don't like for a particular structure. So I'm not sure it necessarily portends more of that work to come. But we are open to it, but I want to be clear that because I know that some people find the milestones, the concern with regard to our P&L and our business structure. And so I think that on the majority of our work is you pay us really well with our services upfront. We do the work and you pay us with a small number of them, it's sort of you pay us as we both go together, and is that both go together, a portion of it, it's most critical because we definitely endear ourselves to our clients who think of us as having some skin in the game and literally being a partner with them. And for those clients where that's important, we're likely to be more open to it.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then on manufacturing, Biologics, obviously, you doubled your capacity. I know it's filling up quickly. Are you able to just give us an update on where you are in terms of that capacity being filled and how you think about that for next year?
James Foster: Yes. So very, very big site, Tycho. And so it will be a few years. I hope faster, but we have a few years before that fills up. I mean the business is growing very quickly. So, that's a good thing. There's a causal relationship between the growth rate of that business and available capacity. And while we had a good year in Biologics last year, it was not as because we were capacity constrained. In addition to that big Pennsylvania site, which is kind of the principal driver of growth. We did add incremental space at several other sites that we had in Europe, particularly Ireland and Germany, and we would continue to probably add space suddenly in those two sites kind of continuously and be very thoughtful and prepared to make sure that well in advance of when we think we will max out in Pennsylvania to add a substantial amount of incremental space because. So, we can stay ahead of it. It's a pretty good site from a biotech client support point of view. We have a big scientific infrastructure. So, sort of expanding around that would be a smarter thing to do than a totally new site elsewhere. We also have a small Biologics component in Massachusetts, which obviously is close to Cambridge based and Boston-based biotech companies. So, capacity is in very good shape right now and certainly will be for 2021.
Tycho Peterson: Great. And then just lastly, before I hop off, Jim, I'm wondering if you're willing to comment on '21 at all. I know you don't normally at this time, but a lot of your CRO peers have at least talked qualitatively. The streets got you growing just under 10% next year. Are you able to talk at all about how you're thinking about the setup for next year?
James Foster: I think all I would say about '21 because it is premature for us. We usually do it during our February call, which is when we will do it again and give you greater clarity. I think what I would say now, just kind of directionally is we don't see any indications that the current demand curve pretty much across the entire portfolio will be any different. The funding has been extremely robust for the biotech industry as strong or stronger than ever. The numbers of IPOs has been dramatic, and the amount of M&A has been really good for that -- for those companies. A lot of pharma work, not just in COVID but outside of COVID, cell and gene therapy being a big driver of growth. This outsourcing thing that I was just talking about earlier with one of your colleagues, I think that that will hold us in good stead as we'll see more outsourced work. Obviously, we have a good comp with I hope, with the second quarter of RMS. So, I think that should be beneficial for us. Hopefully, we see the ability to install more units with microbial that -- which have been held up because of our inability to get into our clients. But the overall demand for our services across the portfolio should be consistent. So, that should give you a good sense of at least where we think the top line directionally is moving.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
JamesFoster: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: Great. Thank you for the question. Yes, Jim, clearly, RMS is probably the one segment this year that was a little volatile because of COVID. I think manufacturing support in DSA held its own fare pretty well. Certainly, this quarter seems like things are getting back to normal across all three segments. If I think about the margin opportunity from here for those businesses, assuming things hopefully stay relatively normal as we look forward. Manufacturing support in RMS specifically, performing very well already above the long-term guidance from a margin standpoint. Could you just maybe help us think through where the margin opportunity could be on the forward across the businesses, but I guess, in particular, as it relates to manufacturing support in RMS?
James Foster: Sure. David, why don't you take that?
David Smith: Yes. So well, Jim has already mentioned that we don't want to get into too much detail about 2021 because that's not our normal cadence. What we would say about the margin is that we are still, of course, focusing on achieving that 20%, and this year, we expect to be very near it. We still believe there is potential to go beyond the 20%. That is something that we've made public before, and we still stand by that statement. But at this stage, I think it would be too premature to get into detail. What I would say is that there were two key drivers that we had outlined back in September last year at our investor conference, one of which was the DSA and we've seen in Q4, a 240 basis points increase. Q1 over Q1 was 340. Q2 over Q2, 210 and this quarter, we've seen another 310 basis point increase so we are now getting into the ZIP code of that sort of mid- 20s with DSA. So, we're obviously very pleased with that. We had called out that the way we got there was through integrating our acquisitions, generating synergies from those acquisitions, eliminating redundancies and just leveraging on the staff capacity that we have. The second driver that we've called out is leveraging our unallocated corporate costs. And over the last several years, we've been bringing that down to about 50 basis points as a percentage of revenue and continuing to do that into this year as well, getting the leverage from the sort of way we've built our back office units. So yes, I guess, we'll say more in February in terms of specifics as to where we think we would be going next.
Robert Jones: Okay, great. Appreciate that. Thank you, David.
Operator: Okay. Next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Okay. And in terms of your view on the acquisition and partnership opportunities amid the pandemic? And would you say the pipeline is larger versus a year ago? Or what are you seeing out there from a steel pipeline standpoint? Thank you.
James Foster: So, we're really enthused about the strategic partnership strategy that we have. And we have nine deals across a whole host of cutting-edge technologies from artificial intelligence to next-generation sequencing and on and on. And they're wonderful relationships to actually do living due diligence on these companies, some of which we, for sure, will buy, and we will have really in-depth knowledge of how the businesses operate, responsive to clients, how robust the technology is. And we expect to buy some of them, we expect that they will give us a competitive advantage because most of these technologies are unique. And highly proprietary. So there's a lot of those. So we have nine signs. We probably have an equal number under conversation pretty far along. Some at LOI stage, some in early discussions. So we probably will have a universe kind of on a consistent ongoing basis of 20 or so of these all kinds, and some of them will fail, some of them will continue as joint marketing relationships, and some of them will be acquisitions. So, that's a really strong source. I would say that pipeline for straight up M&A is remains quite good. I would say most of the sellers or private equity firms, which means that all of the companies are to sale at some point, you have to try to get in sync from a timing point of view. I can't make a generalization of what our expectations are with regard to margins because it depends on the asset and the competition for that asset. But, we feel that we have refined methodology to value these businesses and we have got a strong balance sheet right now with reducing leverage. Our leverage has come down, I think, to the mid-2s. We have a bunch of conversations going on now, as we always do across several different products and services across different parts of our portfolio. I would say, even though you didn't specifically ask us that none of the things we're looking at are very large, I'd say, a couple of modest size and some are small. But they all would very much improve and enhance the quality and competitive strength of our portfolio. We have no artificial goals to buy a certain number of companies or add a certain amount of revenue, but we do have a very strong strategic goal to continue to broaden the portfolio. And we think that we don't just say we know that our portfolio, the breadth of it, in particular, has become our principal distinct competitive advantage, so we want to continue to enhance that advantage.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore ISI.
Elizabeth Anderson: As a manufacturing operations, you were helpful in talking through the utilization in the new Pennsylvania side as we move forward, is there any other puts and takes there that we should think about? Or in terms of using that 3Q number sort of like a like run rate number to go forward with at this point?
James Foster: I'd probably would be careful to use the Q3 number since it was an exceptionally strong quarter, but that's -- this is a market that's probably low double-digit growth, we have two parts of the business in the but I think both of these businesses have the capability to continue to grow at low double-digit rates. We don't sort of break them out. I think the market dynamics are really strong for both of them. I think COVID enhances it more for both of them. I think, cell and gene therapy enhances it even more than that. I think our ad capacity and biologics absolutely has meaningfully increased our prominence in that space. I think our expanded manufacturing capability, the M&A that we've done, the new pieces of equipment, software enhancements that we've added to our microbial business has made us a leader in bacterial contamination and detection. And so yes, I don't know whether you want to walk onto any particular quarterly run rate because, as we say almost every quarter, we don't have a linear business. We like you all to look at our business on an annual basis. I think our ability to call it on an annual basis has been quite accurate for the last few years. But we think that we have a strong market demand and the right infrastructure to continue to take advantage of market demand and to take share across both of those markets. So we would expect manufacturing, which obviously had an exhilaratingly high operating margin and very high-growth on the top line in the third quarter to continue to be a really strong business for us for a long time.
Elizabeth Anderson: Perfect. That's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Q - Juan Avendano Follow-up on the M&A pipeline. As you look into that pipeline, are you focusing on service-oriented assets or what is your point of view on the numerous technology-oriented assets that are out there trying to describe drug discovery and clinical development space? I mean given your addition of George to the Board and his prior experience in information technology, should we expect Charles River to become more involved on the technology side of things?
James Foster: I think you should expect Charles River to continue to utilize data in more impactful ways, both to operate our business more efficiently, to connect with clients more efficiently, to design better studies with hopefully better outcomes for our clients and to hopefully use all of that data to accelerate the work that we do for our clients. So yes, we have both products and service businesses that we're looking at. I don't think we have a preference for one, even though our business is we our lineage is product, and our current portfolio is principally services, it must be 75% or 80% services right now. But of course, HemaCare and Solero product businesses with extremely high-growth and good operating margins. So the Animal business, so is the microbial business, so is the Avian business. And so we're good at product. We're good at driving efficiency in manufacturing and delivery of those products, but also, we have, obviously, a larger and significant service component where I also think we've done a very good job in driving efficiency and better connectivity with our clients. So we're looking at both. We haven't sort of sought one out over the other. There are definitely some product businesses that would like to add and hopefully will. And the -- there's probably more opportunity on the service side, just to put a punctuation on it.
Juan Avendano: Thank you, Jim. Congrats on the quarter.
James Foster: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.
Dan Brennan: Microbial Solutions part. I know that business has been a little more impacted due to COVID, as you've talked about. Any -- could you maybe give us a little more color on the extent of that impact? How much been hampering growth? Any color about kind of the rate of improvement that we could potentially see as we go forward?
James Foster: Yes. So, it's a tough one to call. It's an extremely well-run business with really terrific demand. It's been the business has been as strong as we've seen it. We have these three product lines, all of which I think there's a meaningful demand for, as I said a moment ago, cell and gene therapy and COVID have definitely enhanced the demand. We sell these systems that have reagents or cartridges associated with them. So, let's get this razor blade capability or structure. And I think that aspect of it continues unabated for systems that are out there. And so, people continuously need to use these reagents as they do testing to see whether the drugs will be contaminated, what the social contamination is. So it's a steady business, highly profitable business with, I think, good growth metrics. We have a fair number of systems, mostly large systems that are very complicated, where we usually go in and do an install. People go in, our people go into the client, and the client has to work with us for some period of time to understand it, understand the software and understand how to qualify the system for their own regulatory folks. And so we have two issues now. One is that sites are closed and such is just closed or sites are closed to outside people. And so we as we've just reported in the third quarter, we had some of those sites that were closed open. And we were able to work out virtual installs with some clients for some of the less complex systems, particularly for clients that understood them. But you hit a little bit of a wall there. I do think that out of necessity, and my analogy would be that the FDA is auditing Charles River facilities and USDA is auditing the Charles River facilities and clients are auditing our facilities virtually, which is something they've never done before. And they probably don't like it. But that's the way we have to do business or R&D development grinds to a halt. So I do think that in the I'm not going to say likely or unlikely event. I don't know. Assuming the sites that we hope will open don't or COVID is so gets so red hot that they just don't allow outsiders in. And the clients really need our gear to make sure that what they manufactured is safe enough to be sold to the clinical trials or to the end use market. Then I'm confident that both we and them and concert will figure out a way increasingly to virtually do this. It will be -- it will feel less elegant and more awkward and probably take longer, but it's possible. So, we're working on that real-time to provide a simpler solution and I think as clients need it more, hopefully, we'll figure out a way. I don't want to give a prognosis on when I think will pass because it's impossible. And it's sort of the only remaining legacy, a manageable one I might add. But the only remaining legacy, kind of headwind legacy from COVID, which we're delighted with is that we're moving through well, but it still exists.
Dan Brennan: Okay. Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: It's been one of the big beneficiaries of some of the COVID work. Can you just talk about how you're prioritizing some of that work versus what's in the portfolio? And then also just kind of thinking about that over the next few quarters? Are you generally just going to see some of the early work in that phase as you get more toward the vaccine commercial process? Just trying to think about the durability of some of those tailwinds.
James Foster: I meant the -- some reason I have a delay for the first few words of everybody's question. So, what is your -- what was one of the question?
Patrick Donnelly: It was on the safety side. Just around some of the COVID work, the durability, just given you guys tend to be a little on the earlier side in terms of seeing some of the revs. Just wondering as we go through the next few quarters, how that trends?
James Foster: Yes. So, I just want to emphasize the fact that it's a subtle relatively minor amount of revenue. I think it's more about the pride and the financial impact. Yes, these drugs and vaccines that get into the clinic we'll have to have been safety tested first. They don't have to do it with us, but lots of them are. So we're seeing the benefit of that. There's a pretty healthy number of drugs and vaccines in development, many of which aren't in the clinic yet. So without getting too specific, we still are enjoying some of the benefits of that, and we'll continue to. I think it's so minor and so subtle that as these drugs hopefully move through the clinic and get approval into the market. And I think it will be room for a certain number of them. I mean, assuming they're effective COVID therapeutics. I don't know how many one needs, right? Or effective vaccines. I don't know how many we need. So unless effective drugs or vaccines are elusive. And none of these things work, and they just keep making new ones and have new shots on goal, I think we sort of whatever minor positive impact we're getting -- we sort of moved beyond that. I don't think it will be discernible. I think our business is so big now that this is a pretty modest part of what we do and even in safety, which, of course, is our biggest business. So as we've said before, happy to have the work. It we're happy to do the work as long as it's available, we probably will move through that at some period of time now.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, that's all. Thank you, Jim.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nitram Research.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. Hey, Jim. There's been some discussion around some supply chain constraints when it comes to nonhuman primates just being shipped around. I was curious if you've seen any of that? And how you manage through it?
James Foster: So, an important part of research in a whole host of areas, particularly for large molecules and have -- it's a model that's been important for years. Supply sources are pretty much external. They're coming from places like China and Mauritius and Cambodia and Vietnam. And so we work really hard to have multiple supply sources from multiple geographies and multiple suppliers within those geographies and have close working relationships with them to ensure exceptional veterinary oversight and supply numbers that are consistent and preferably and hopefully always well in advance of when we need these animals because it's an important resource. And so, we have always worked really hard at ensuring that supply -- overall supply and the numbers have ticked up over the last few years, so more suppliers are necessary. And we feel really good about our supply situation about our road to have certainly a sufficient number of analysts for the balance of this year and well into next year. And it's a continual dialogue with the suppliers to try to match the supply with what we anticipate the need will be based upon what we hear from our clients. But I think we're doing very well resourcing in HPs.
Jack Meehan: Thank you, Jim.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill: Yes. Good morning, guys and thank you for taking the question. I'll keep this from brief. As it relates to kind of the cost reductions and the margin improvement as a result of COVID, some of it, I'm sure, has to be temporary. Have you guys kind of quantified how much of the cost basis comes back as work kind of resumes to normal versus how much you think is permanent improvement? And then maybe, I guess, kind of, Jim, I know you're not talking about 2021, but what should the next margin target look like?
JamesFoster: I'll let David take that question.
David Smith: Yes. So I'll cover both the revenue and the temporary cost reduction. So, when we sort of spoke to you in May, we thought that we could have a revenue impact, as high as $250 million in a sort of downside case. When we spoke in August, we felt good about what we saw in Q2 that we reduced that down to $100 million. And now with the strong Q3 result, we've got that down to $70 million headwind. And of course, as you know, that's mainly in research models, a little bit to do with microbial and the inability to get the instruments installed. So, when we look at the temporary cost reductions, that's also come down. When we last spoke, we said $40 million, and we're still holding to that $40 million. The majority of those cost savings came in Q2. But what I can share is that the amount in Q4 is going to be about half that of what we saw in Q3. So, that's beginning to tail off now in terms of the temporary cost reductions. Of course, as we bleed into 2021, we may still see some benefits in terms of less travel than we used to do. But by and large, much of those cost reduction initiatives are now behind us. So, in terms of your question in terms of headwinds as we go in, clearly, there's a little headwind still legacy from Q2, where most of those savings took place. But broadly speaking, we're exiting with the exception of travel, much of it now behind us.
George Hill: Thank you.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us today on this morning's conference call. We look forward to speaking with you at several upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. The instructions will be provided at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Todd Spencer. Please go ahead sir.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2020 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2020. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at 12:30 p.m. today and can be accessed by calling (866) 207-1041. The international access number is (402) 970-0847. The access code in either case is 1730040. The replay will be available through August 18. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, today's remarks will also include estimates of the COVID-19 impact on the company. Certain methodologies and assumptions related to how we develop these estimates can be found on slide three. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Thank you. Good morning. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to pressure the global economy and adversely affect so many lives, medical innovation has never been more critical. The biomedical research community is rising to this challenge, resulting in an unprecedented level of investment, and Charles River has never been so essential to our diverse and growing client base. Not only are we continuing to work on a wide range of drugs across multiple therapeutic areas, utilizing our unmatched suite of early-stage solutions, but we are also helping clients develop drugs to find treatments for, and ultimately, prevent COVID-19. As anticipated, we experienced challenges related to COVID-19 in the second quarter, principally in the RMS segment. However, the resilience of our business model has enabled us to weather these challenges extremely well. This resilience is demonstrated by our second quarter financial performance, which widely exceeded our expectations. The outperformance was due in part to the tireless efforts of our dedicated staff; the effectiveness of our comprehensive business continuity plans that enabled us to keep our operating sites open and adequately staffed; and the global scale, broad scientific capabilities and flexible outsourcing solutions of our unique early-stage portfolio on which clients are increasingly relying to move their programs forward in the face of disruptions or delays at their own sites. We also benefited from persistent client demand across many of our businesses, driven by robust biotech funding and continued innovation that is generating scientific breakthroughs across multiple therapeutic areas, including for COVID-19 therapeutics. Before I provide more details on our second quarter results, I want to update you on the impact that COVID-19 has had on the company. I'd like to start by thanking our employees around the globe for their hard work and unwavering commitment. It's because of your extraordinary efforts that we have kept all of our operating sites open and continue to serve our clients throughout the pandemic. Because of your dedication to our mission, our clients are making progress on their critical research. We believe that providing continued support to clients during the pandemic is leading to more outsourcing opportunities for Charles River. Clients, large and small, are outsourcing work to us that they previously performed internally or outsourced to others because working with one large scientific partner like Charles River enables them to implement a more flexible and efficient R&D solution over the longer term and helps them navigate the evolving COVID-19 situation in the nearer term. We are principally seeing the benefit of this outsourcing in our Discovery, Safety Assessment, biologics and GEMS businesses. As we continue to perform these services, we believe clients will become accustomed to our faster turnaround times, superior science and cost effectiveness and therefore, we believe we will retain a meaningful amount of this incremental work. We are also experiencing favorable trends across most of our businesses, including through July. In the RMS segment, which was most affected by COVID-19, academic clients are opening their facilities more quickly than anticipated around the world, particularly in Europe and Asia. And the services businesses continue to perform well. HemaCare's donor clinic reopened, and the business has largely returned to full operations. The DSA segment continues to experience strong demand, with high proposal in booking volumes and only a small impact associated with COVID-19. In the manufacturing segment, microbial did face some headwinds, but the biologics business continued to perform exceptionally well with significant demand, especially for cell and gene therapy products projects and, to a lesser extent, COVID-19-related activities. I'll now provide additional details on our second quarter results. We reported revenue of $682.6 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 3.8% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth of 1.4% exceeded our prior outlook of mid-single digit decline because client demand has been resilient, and the impact of COVID-19 has been less severe than originally anticipated. COVID-19 had a meaningful impact on the RMS segment, including RMS revenue by approximately $35 million in the second quarter. However, the impact of the DSA and manufacturing segments was quite small with both reporting healthy organic growth rates of 6.2% and 8%, respectively. The operating margin was 17.3%, a decrease of 120 basis points year-over-year. The decline principally reflects the significant margin decline in the RMS segment as a result of the lower sales volume and the fixed cost nature of the business. However, we were quite pleased that both the DSA and manufacturing segments reported meaningful operating margin expansion in the second quarter, reflecting the operating leverage in these businesses, as well as the benefit of operating efficiencies, including temporary cost reduction initiatives in response to COVID-19. Earnings per share were $1.58 in the second quarter, a decrease of 3.1% from $1.63 last year, widely exceeding our prior expectation of a 20% to 30% decline. Overall, we were pleased to be able to generate earnings per share nearly unchanged from last year, which demonstrates the resilience of our business and our continuity planning during this global crisis. Based on the better-than-expected second quarter performance and our expectation that COVID-19 will be less of a headwind than originally anticipated, we are increasing our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2020. We now expect organic revenue growth in a range of 4% to 5.5% or 175 basis point increase at midpoint. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be between $7.05 and $7.35, which represents a $0.275 increase at midpoint and a 5% to 9% year-over-year growth. The revenue loss from COVID-19 is now expected to be approximately $100 million, which is below our previous range of $135 million to $215 million. We believe that we are beyond the worst of the COVID-19-related headwinds, but we understand that there may still be additional challenges ahead. We are assessing the situation on an ongoing basis, and we'll be diligent about addressing any new challenges just as we did in the second quarter. Our guidance assumes that there will be additional recovery in client demand in the third quarter, principally in the research models business. David will provide an update on the assumptions that are included in our revised outlook shortly. I'd like to provide you with additional details on our second quarter segment performance beginning with the RMS segment. RMS revenue in the second quarter was $116.5 million, a decrease of 18.4% on an organic basis. As I mentioned earlier, COVID-19 reduced the second quarter RMS revenue by approximately $35 million, which was favorable to our initial expectation as clients began to gradually resume activities at their research sites earlier than anticipated, particularly in Europe and Asia. On our last earnings call, we anticipated that demand for research models would improve in the third quarter as biopharmaceutical clients resume more normal research activities, and we expected that academic demand will begin to rebound by the fall. However, this return-to-work process began in the second quarter with clients in Europe and Japan returning in the middle of the quarter in North America North American clients beginning the process in June. Academic clients showed the most significant improvement by the end of the quarter as these clients were most adversely affected when institutions began closing abruptly in the first quarter. Overall, these reopening activities resulted in a significant improvement in client ordering trends in June. We expect these favorable trends will continue in the coming months but believe it will take time for volumes in our research models business to return to pre-COVID-19 levels. For 2020, we expect RMS revenue to decline at a mid to high single digit rate organically, which is a notable improvement from our prior outlook of at least a 10% decline. The research model services businesses continued to perform very well in the second quarter, experiencing very little impact from COVID-19. We believe the strong performance reflects the value our clients see in outsourcing these critical services to us or in the case of insourcing solutions, or IS, the efficiency of using our people or capacity to manage their research needs. As I mentioned last quarter, we are seeing evidence that some GEMS clients, who previously managed their model colonies in-house, have opted to outsource this work to us due to COVID-19 restrictions at their own sites. We continue to anticipate that much of this GEMS work will remain outsourced after the COVID-19 crisis subsides. After a strong first quarter, HemaCare was negatively affected by a two-month closure of its donor clinic, which reopened in mid-May, as well as reduced cell therapy development activities at its clients' sites due to stay-at-home orders and associated disruptions caused by COVID-19. Similar to our research models business, client demand improved meaningfully in June, and we continue to believe that beyond 2020, HemaCare will grow in excess of 30% annually as more clients start their cell therapy discovery programs at Charles River and remain with us through discovery, early stage development and the manufacturing support process. Today, we also announced a signing of an agreement to acquire Cellero for approximately $38 million, which will complement HemaCare by enhancing our supply of critical biomaterials including a wide range of human-derived primary cell types to further support discovery, development and manufacture of cell therapies. The acquisition will expand our access to high-quality human-derived cellular products with Cellero's donor sites in both the Eastern and Western United States. Cellero will enable us to provide a more comprehensive cell therapy solution, allowing clients to work with us through the cell therapy development and manufacturing process, which will accelerate their speed to market and enhance client retention. Following the acquisition of Cellero, we expect to continue to generate revenue growth for human-derived cellular products, including HemaCare, of at least 30% annually over the next five years, beginning in 2021. The transaction's expected to close in August. The RMS operating margin declined from 25.5% last year to 9.1% in the second quarter, driven almost exclusively by the impact of COVID-19. The segment operating margin benefited from the temporary cost reduction initiatives that we implemented, but due to the fixed cost nature of the business, these savings could not offset the sharp short-term decline in research model volumes. We believe the RMS operating margin will improve meaningfully in the third quarter as research model volumes continue to increase. DSA revenue was $442.6 million in the second quarter, a 6.2% increase in an organic basis over the second quarter of 2019. There was a much smaller impact from COVID-19-related study slippage and product project delays than we originally expected due to strong demand across the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses, as well as our efforts to ensure both business and resource continuity. Biotechnology clients was a primary driver of DSA revenue growth, which is not surprising, given the capital available to fund scientific innovation and the industry's focus on finding a cure for COVID-19. The Discovery Services business had another excellent quarter of broad-based growth, particularly in Early Discovery and oncology services. In May, we commented on indications from a small number of discovery clients that they would slow the initiation of new programs because of COVID-19. There was only a very limited impact in the second quarter as we believe our integrated discovery portfolio, scientific expertise and track record for delivering clinical candidates encourage clients to move their programs forward by partnering with us to overcome challenges at their own sites. With continued strength in bookings, we do not foresee any change in the robust business environment for our Discovery Services in the second half of the year. Safety Assessment business performed well with sustained growth in study volume. As we mentioned at our investor conference in June, proposal activity and bookings continue to be strong throughout the second quarter. We believe both biotechnology clients and large biopharmaceutical companies are compensating for reduced on-site activities with increased outsourcing of their IND-enabling safety programs. We believe our integrated early stage portfolio spanning target identification through nonclinical development uniquely positions us to enable clients to work with one trusted partner to ensure business continuity amidst the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis. We believe this has and will continue to be will continue to translate into additional outsourcing opportunities as we collaborate with our clients to navigate today's challenges as well as those that arise in the future. Given the limited impact of COVID-19 today and our expectation that the robust outsourcing trends will persist in the second half of the year, we now expect DSA revenue to increase at a high single-digit rate in 2020, which is effectively the same as our original outlook before the spread of COVID-19. The DSA operating margin improved 210 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter to 23.2% with improvement in both Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses, greater operating leverage on the healthy revenue growth as well as the benefits of operating efficiencies drove improvement. Revenue for the manufacturing support segment was $123.5 million or an 8% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of last year. The Biologics Testing Solutions and Avian businesses had excellent quarters. However, the revenue growth rate in the Microbial Solutions business was constrained by COVID-19. For the year, we continue to expect organic growth in the high single-digit range for the manufacturing segment. Microbial Solutions was affected by reduced client activity and delayed instrument installations in the quarter as certain client sites were inaccessible due to COVID-19. This was a challenge but one that we expect to overcome as more of these clients allow access to the sites and activity at these sites accelerates, which is already beginning to occur. In addition, we are serving our clients via remote instrument installations. As a result, we expect the Microbial Solutions growth rate will improve in the second half of the year. Overall, we continue to firmly believe that our ability to provide clients with a comprehensive, rapid and efficient microbial testing solution as well as the quality and accuracy of our testing platform are key differentiators from the competition, which will lead clients to continue to choose Charles River for their critical quality control testing requirements. The biologics business reported another exceptional quarter. Revenue growth was driven in part by the sustained rapid increase in the number of biologics in development, as well as new opportunities such as cell and gene therapies and COVID-19 therapeutics that continue to propel market growth. We believe the biologics market opportunity is expanding at a low double-digit rate annually, which is why we continue to modestly add capacity to accommodate demand. Revenue growth was also driven by our successful efforts to gain new business. Clients see the value of our extensive portfolio of services to support the safe manufacture of biologics, and we will continue to enhance our abilities to support clients by developing new services such as additional assays for cell and gene therapy. The Manufacturing segment's second quarter operating margin was 37.4%, a 650 basis point increase year-over-year. The significant improvement was related to enhanced operating efficiency in the Microbial Solutions business, primarily from process improvements and operating leverage from higher revenue in both the biologics and Avian businesses. In biologics, the elimination of duplicate costs related to last year's transition to our new Pennsylvania facility also drove the improved operating margin. The demand for our leading portfolio of early-stage and Manufacturing Support solutions remains robust. Biotech funding levels continue to increase and are expected to reach record levels again in 2020. And biotech IPO activity is accelerating. FDA drug approvals remain healthy. Fewer clients have delayed or canceled work due to COVID-19 than we anticipated just three months ago. Clients are essentially business-as-usual across most of the company as they emphasize investment in their preclinical pipelines to move their programs forward. We believe this underlying strength in our markets and the resilience of our business model have enabled us to withstand the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic better than many other companies to date. Because of our strength and stability, we feel confident in our ability to move forward with the execution of our M&A strategy, albeit cautiously. Today's announcement of the Cellero acquisition is consistent with that strategy. It's imperative that we continue to expand our portfolio of essential products and services to enhance our ability to comprehensively support our clients' drug research efforts. Strategic acquisitions have always been our preferred use of capital. And after a pause in the second quarter, we are continuing to evaluate new opportunities using our disciplined and mindful approach. There continues to be an abundance of M&A candidates available, and we will evaluate a number of opportunities, including unique research tools, discovery capabilities and manufacturing support activities. We will also increasingly employ our strategic partnership strategy to stay current with new technologies and modalities and add innovative capabilities and cutting-edge technologies with limited upfront risk. We continue to closely monitor the risk that COVID-19 poses to human health as well as to our clients' operations and our own. The crisis is far from over globally, particularly in the U.S. and there will likely be a prolonged recovery until the world returns to some semblance of normalcy. But as I mentioned earlier, we will continue to assess the situation and be diligent about addressing any new challenges. We believe Charles River has weathered the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic better than many other companies to date because of our clients' increased reliance on our outsourcing across a wide range of therapeutic areas, resilient biotech funding and as always, the efforts of our dedicated staff. As a result, we are confident in our ability to operate in the current environment and execute our strategy. We fully anticipate this new normal environment will be with us for the rest of the year and likely well into next year, if not beyond. But we believe the worst is behind us. Barring any widespread changes in the COVID-19 recovery, we believe that our two year financial targets of high single-digit organic revenue growth and a 20% operating margin in 2021 remain intact. Before I hand the call over to David, I'd like to update you on some of our social initiatives to support our people as well as the communities in which we operate. COVID-19 has affected us all, and it's our responsibility to be good corporate citizens and to lead by example. Our immediate priority was to address the needs of our employees and fully support them during these challenging times through initiatives like enhanced workplace safety measures where necessary, flexible work hours and scheduling and other forms of assistance as needed. Beyond the immediate COVID-19 priorities, we are firmly committed to the need for equality in our world. We will not stand for racism, inequality, discrimination or harassment of any kind at Charles River and are dedicated to supporting those values in our communities. It's more important than ever to support each other. We have a culture that celebrates and supports our differences. And we realized it's more important than ever to support each other in our communities through a posture of respect, listening, learning and empathy. At Charles River, this is our obligation and part of our core values. As part of our commitment, we launched a $2 million charitable donation campaign in the second quarter aimed at supporting our local communities through a range of initiatives and organizations that promote equality and social justice and support local food banks, first responders, youth and family organizations, STEM education and scientific causes. As a company and a corporate citizen, I want us to be able to reflect on this extraordinary period and be proud of our contribution to life-saving medicines, be proud of how we treated each other, and be proud of how we supported our communities. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and once again, our employees for their commitment to our mission. Now I'll ask David to give you additional details on our second quarter results and updated 2020 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results on continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, our venture capital and other strategic investment performance and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. As Jim mentioned, we are very pleased with our strong second quarter results with revenue and earnings outperforming our prior outlook. The second quarter performance and accelerated return of our research model clients gives us greater confidence in our outlook for the second half of the year, and these collective factors contributed to the increase in our revenue and earnings per share guidance for 2020. We believe that the company will see a more normalized level of business activity by the end of the year. Our updated guidance takes into consideration several key assumptions for each of our businesses that vary based primarily on the timing of the recovery, particularly for the RMS segment. These assumptions are consistent with those provided in May and can be summarized by our expectations for additional improvement in the research models business in the third quarter, particularly with regard to academic clients in North America and that we do not foresee a notable change from the current robust trend in our DSA businesses. We continue to believe that our essential personnel will be able to work on site and that we will have the adequate supplies and resources to support our businesses. We also have not assumed any widespread stay-at-home orders will resume for the remainder of the year. As we discussed in May, we implemented several cost reduction initiatives to mitigate the near-term margin impact resulting from the expected COVID-19 revenue loss, principally aimed at reducing compensation expense and discretionary costs. We are pleased to report that we have already reinstated merit increases on 401(k) contributions earlier than expected in the third quarter, given the stronger financial performance, and to appropriately recognize the extraordinary efforts of our staff during this challenging period. Although the benefit from our temporary cost reduction initiatives is expected to be below our prior target at approximately $40 million for the year, the better-than-expected results are more than offsetting the difference, enabling us to meaningfully increase our earnings per share guidance for the year. Based on our outlook for lower cost savings, offset by additional top line recovery in the third quarter, we expect the second half operating margin to be similar to our prior expectations but to improve meaningfully from the first half level, particularly for the RMS segment. For the full year, we believe that we are well positioned to generate some expansion in the operating margin compared to the 2019 level of 19% despite the headwinds associated with COVID-19. Our updated revenue growth guidance for the year is a result of a more favorable outlook for both the RMS and DSA segments, particularly in the second quarter. For RMS, we now expect a more moderate mid- to high single-digit decline in organic revenue growth and low single-digit reported revenue growth. For DSA, we now expect high single-digit organic revenue growth and low double-digit reported revenue growth. Our outlook for the Manufacturing Support segment is unchanged from May, with high single-digit organic revenue growth. Our financial position remains very healthy. At the end of the second quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.3 billion, with a gross leverage ratio of 3.2 times and a net leverage ratio of 2.6 times. We continue to target reducing our gross leverage to below three times. As the COVID-19 situation stabilizes, we intend to continue to evaluate acquisition candidates after a brief pause in the second quarter as we've demonstrated through today's announcement of the proposed Cellero acquisition. As Jim said, M&A has always been our preferred use of capital as we believe that investing in strategic assets will support our long-term growth strategy and generate the greatest return to shareholders. Our solid financial standing puts us in a strong position to begin to add to our early-stage portfolio again through strategic M&A. Free cash flow was $135.5 million in the second quarter, an increase of 29.3% over the $104.8 million for the same period last year and bringing us to a record level for the first half of the year. The primary drivers of the increase were our strong operating performance and the timing of working capital, including the deferral of cash tax payments due to recent legislation. As a result, we have increased our free cash outlook by $20 million at midpoint to a range of $350 million to $365 million for the year. CapEx was $26.8 million in the second quarter, an increase of $2 million over the prior year. We now expect CapEx will be approximately $130 million for the full year, above our prior outlook of $120 million as we ramp up our capital investments in expectation of our needs in 2021 to support growth. Unallocated corporate costs for the second quarter was 6.1% of revenue compared with 5.3% last year. The increase was primarily the result of initiatives related to our COVID-19 response. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 5.5% of total revenue in 2020. Total adjusted net interest expense for the second quarter was $19.1 million, essentially flat on a sequential basis from the first quarter level. For the full year, we now expect adjusted net interest expense to be slightly lower in the range of $76 million to $78 million, reflecting our expectation for reduced debt levels. The second quarter tax rate was 21%, representing a 110 basis point decline from 22.1% in the second quarter of last year. The decrease was due to a 220 basis point excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, resulting from higher stock price levels and the impact on equity exercise and award activity during the quarter. As a result of this favorable excise tax benefit, we are lowering our full year tax rate outlook to a range of 21% to 22% from our prior outlook of 22% to 23.5%. A summary of our revised financial guidance for the full year can be found on slide 44. For the third quarter, while we continue to expect the revenue growth rate to improve sequentially from the second quarter level, based on client conversations and demand with respect to the COVID-19 recovery, we do so with greater confidence as clients have already begun to resume their research activities. Accordingly, we expect organic revenue growth in the mid- to high single-digit range on a year-over-year basis and reported growth to be in the high single-digit range. We expect high single-digit earnings per share growth when compared to last year's third quarter level of $1.69. In closing, we are very pleased with our second quarter results, and thanks to the efforts of our colleagues around the world and the critical nature of the work that we do, we continue to demonstrate to our clients that we can and will fully support their research efforts, both during the current extraordinary environment and in the future. In the face of the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to successfully demonstrate our commitment to our clients, employees, communities and shareholders. We are focused on the continued execution of our strategy, which includes the resumption of M&A activity, as well as achieving our financial and operational target, including the two-year targets that we set last September, of high single-digit organic revenue growth and a 20% operating margin in 2021. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. The operator will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Jim, I'm wondering if you could just give us any rough guidance on the bookings [Technical Difficulty]
James Foster: Does anyone hear, Tycho? He totally cut out on me.
Todd Spencer: No, he did cut out.
Tycho Peterson: You're still with us. Hey, Jim. Can you hear me now?
James Foster: Yes. You just totally cut out so
Tycho Peterson: Okay. So let me just sorry about that. The question was just on the bookings from COVID and any anticipated COVID tailwinds, both for vaccine and therapy work. Are you able to put any numbers around the opportunity?
James Foster: No. We need to be careful not to overstate that. So we're delighted with the COVID work from large to small clients. We're proud to be participating. We prioritize that work whenever possible. We're happy to have it. I just don't want you to think of that as a material number that's going to significantly drive our financials.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then you're taking up CapEx. You talked about maybe a faster recovery, increases in outsourcing, yet at the same time, you're kind of reiterating your two-year financial targets. So can you maybe just talk to those dynamics? And are the incremental CapEx investments tied to the increases in outsourcing? It sounds like everything is trending in the right direction in potentially getting you to a higher point than where you're guiding to for the next two years. But I'm just curious if you can kind of talk to those dynamics.
James Foster: Yes. I mean is that you, David? Go ahead.
David Smith: Yes.
James Foster: Go ahead.
David Smith: Well, I was just going to say, Tycho, that we actually brought the CapEx down in the last quarter because of the COVID situation. What we're really kind of conveying is we're getting back to a sort of a normal position again. And so it's more thinking about the future, thinking about 2021 and basically rebuilding up those capital demands and making sure that we can meet the demands we expect in 2021.
James Foster: And I would just add, Tycho, that even though we took it down, as David said, we're continuing to be extremely diligent, as I mentioned actually in my prepared remarks, and vigilant about having sufficient capacity, incremental capacity at multiple sites and multiple businesses, biologic, safety, discovery, I mean, pretty much across the board, China, to ensure that we can accommodate increasing demand from our clients. And it's impossible to have the capacity on a just in time basis when you get to work. So we have to stay ahead of it. I think we've done a good job for the last, I don't know, almost decade doing that. And we do that very thoughtfully, very strategically, being very, very careful about spending our cash, but knowing that it's essential in order to safeguard the business and provide access to clients to our services.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And just one last one quickly, just on the resumption of M&A activity since you highlighted it. Obviously, you've got Cellero teed up, but should we assume similar type deals? Or are you telegraphing an appetite to do something maybe more meaningful?
James Foster: I don't think we're trying to telegraph anything specifically with regard to scale. What we want to impart is the fact that the business is solid. We feel really good about the balance of the year and, preliminarily, quite good about next year. We have a fair number of targets out there that we're speaking to real time, as we always do. We kind of resumed those conversations, which we had paused in Q2. They cut across a pretty wide swath of our activities. They are a variety of sizes. I would say that nothing real soon would be very, very big. But there are a few things that I would say are sort of modest-sized and certainly bigger than Cellero, which we're very pleased to do. It's highly strategic and a very critical field, but obviously, a very small deal.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks very much. First question is hoping to get a little more distinction between the performance in research models and academic accounts versus biopharma accounts. If you could give us some sense on the decline in magnitude in academic versus pharma would be helpful.
James Foster: Sure. The big hit, Eric, was academic accounts. Yes, we had some closures of pharmaceutical sites and some closure of some biotech sites, but the most profound impact was academics. And the closures were really fast. I think we feel and they feel, in retrospect, way too fast. And they should have decoupled research activity in labs where people are PPE-ed with students, the risk associated with students, which they didn't, so very big, very sudden impact. And obviously, nobody's buying research models to use in an academic setting or any setting, but in this case, an academic setting, when the sites are closed and the people aren't there because the work is being done and the animals are going to grow out of spec. So they pulled back on the lever pretty quickly to sort of stop buying those folks. We had anticipated a return because we were talking to all these academic institutions at pretty high levels, so the provost level. And they were saying, yes, we're sorry, we did it. We're making plans to get back open. And we had anticipated they would open more slowly than they have, even though they're not all open yet. So Europe and China in the middle of the quarter and a lot of things opening in June for the U.S. So pleased with that. I don't anticipate sort of regardless of whatever the next wave is or isn't with COVID that they would do that again, given the fact that people are ground-up in these facilities, often working under hoods, often have positive pressure in the labs. And of course, they're doing critical work across a whole host of diseases and particularly COVID. So we're quite confident that they will continue to open. They will continue to buy animals. We scaled up in preparation for that. We prepared for that. And so we're being able to service the clients pretty quickly as they open because they want to get right back to work. So mostly academic and very little pharma.
Eric Coldwell: Yes. So safe to say, 70%, 80%, 90% of your 18% decline was due to academic?
James Foster: I don't think I know that number off hand. But yes, I would say that the significant impact was academic and very much secondarily was some pharma closures, so yes.
Eric Coldwell: Fair enough. If I could ask one more on HemaCare.
James Foster: Sure.
Eric Coldwell: We did notice in the middle of the quarter, you had your donor site reopen in California. I'm curious what contingency plans you have in place if it's forced to close again. How much of your frozen or preserved inventory you might have worked through during the quarter, if you did so. And then any sense on what's going on with donor activity, interest levels? Has that picked back up now that the site is open? Or are there still challenges given the I think still concerned by a number of citizens about moving about and the number of states that are seeing increased incidence of COVID. I'm just I'm curious how that business dynamic looks in the short term.
James Foster: Yes. Donor activity looks good. There's a lot of repeat donors that we know well, and they understand the importance of donating. And it's a really first-rate facility. So I think most of them feel safe there. Obviously, we've made accommodations with regard to social distancing within the donor clinic to accommodate for that. So we would hope that we would be able to continue to work. Work's pretty essential. And in retrospect, had there been better plans, we might have been able to keep it open. So we would be able to do that just parenthetically. Cellero, which we're in the process of owning, kept their donor site open during the pandemic. So it's quite possible. So we feel pretty good about that. Inventories are strong. So in the, I think, unlikely event that we have another closure, we could still ship frozen product from that side. And there's a second site as well. So we would anticipate this business is getting back to the kind of growth rate that we had anticipated when we bought it. Obviously, it won't do it for this year. But as we said in the prepared remarks, that business is going to grow at, at least 30% on a forward going basis probably for the next five years or longer as cell therapy drugs are developed and process improvements are made and are manufactured. So we look forward to having a bigger footprint to be able to provide these critical tools to the companies in the drug business.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you, Jim.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Our next question here comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. Jim, just sticking with that concept, can you talk a little bit more about how Cellero and HemaCare differ? Are you just adding sort of a broader donor base? Or what other capabilities are you gaining from this deal?
James Foster: So it's a little above. So we're adding scale, which is just important given just the growth rate of cell therapy investments in those companies, minting new companies and the rapid nature of drug development by these companies. So we wanted scale, number one. Number two, you may recall, John, that when we bought HemaCare, which was only in January, I understand, but we did talk, at the time, about geographic expansion. That it's a California company, so we're talking about doing something in the Boston area. Because having more than one site helps the clients to sleep better. And with some of the cell types, you want to be really in close proximity, so they can get the cells to the client quickly. So these guys have something in the south, in the west and in the greater Boston area. So we love that, we love the scale. They have more disease-state cells, so clients with who have diseases, both orphan diseases and other diseases. And they have immobilized cells, which is immunocompromised cells from immunocompromised patients and some stem cells. So we have added some scientific capabilities that we probably would have had to do on a greenfield basis. So we have that now. We have overall capacity, and we have very important geographic expansion.
John Kreger: Excellent. And then a follow-up, we've heard reports that some of the COVID work is moving forward at unprecedented rates. I'm curious, are you getting that sort of request from clients within the tox work that you would do on these programs? And is there even a way for you to accelerate time lines?
James Foster: Yes. We definitely have more work pretty much across our portfolio. Obviously, the safety testing, safety assessment of these drugs is going to be the most critically important thing as they fast-track the therapeutics and the vaccines. Particularly the vaccines, the safety profile is going to be critical. So we do have a healthy book of business. We are trying to prioritize it. We're doing everything we can. We've been doing everything we can generally pre-COVID, but we're certainly doing everything we can to take white space out of the process and do things more quickly with regard to reporting time lines and just having a client be ready to accept the data when we're ready to give it to them and vice versa. So I think the iterative process, communication process and responsiveness on both sides is really there because this is obviously so important to the society. So yes, we're really pleased and proud with that role.
John Kreger: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question here will come from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi, good morning. First question on the margin. When you think about the margin structure, what kind of volumes do you see for margin to return to historical levels? And when do you think how long do you think it's going to take to recapture?
James Foster: So you broke up at the beginning, Ricky. So you're talking about margins being restored in RMS specifically? Or
Ricky Goldwasser: In RMS, particularly. What type of volume do you need to see for margins to go back historically? And how long do you think can take?
James Foster: I don't think it takes long at all. Remember, I mean, RMS unit volume in RMS in the U.S. and Europe has been, I don't know, the last few years, anywhere from down a couple of percentage points to flat to up a couple of percentage points. We always get price. And so this is nothing more or less than clients literally being closed and not being able to take the animals that they need for the research as they open. So they're opening nicely, as I said earlier. We would the services business has been strong, not only strong in the COVID world, but in some ways, stronger because it's instigated more outsourcing. We continue to build capacity in China. And there's a little bit of pent-up demand by the academic institutions who are closed and are now opening. I don't want to overstate that, but pent-up demand being in as much as they want to get right back to work, so our ability to provide them animals is important. So I don't think it's obviously not mathematically possible to deliver the margins that we did, let's say, last year this year because of the - it's kind of a huge diminution in revenue and profit in the second quarter, but it'll continue to build back in the third and fourth quarters very nicely towards historical levels. And I would imagine that next year would be fine, barring some unforeseen bizarre COVID-related event.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And the next one is just on supply sourcing a little bit. Last time we spoke, you mentioned that you're actively reevaluating outsourcing strategy and also reducing dependency on Asia. So any updates there in how it impacts the business and opportunities for the future?
James Foster: Yes. We're working really hard at our supply chain and critical tools that we need to do our work. And I think we've done a very good job ensuring that we have sufficient products to do our work, both living and in inanimate from a variety of sources, some new, many increases from where they were historically and some reduced from where they were historically. So we feel really good about supply chain for the balance of this year, and we'll be very well prepared for next year as well.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: And next, we can go to the line of Dan Brennan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks. Jim, I think earlier in the call, maybe I missed it. I know there was a question on maybe sizing the COVID opportunity for Charles River, whether in the quarter as we look out. Could you just reiterate kind of what you indicated there? And then related to that, I'm just wondering, given the improving trend in your base business, how are you planning from a capacity standpoint to the extent this COVID work continues.
James Foster: Yes. So what I said was that we're delighted to have the work. It's coming from large and small clients. We're doing our best to prioritize it when we get it because everyone's in a rush. We're doing our best to take time out of the process. We're not going to give a specific number. Just we just don't do things like that. And we'd have to update it every time we speak to you, and I'm just not sure that's helpful. So we're delighted to have the work. It's obviously going to be beneficial to our financial results, but it's not going to be a huge number in the scheme of the cosmos. I think it's beneficial. So we don't want you all to over read that.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then I think your full year guide, while it's impressive you're raising it, I think if you do the math, it implies a decent deceleration in 4Q. Is that just conservatism on an organic growth basis that you're baking that in?
James Foster: I'm going to let my colleague, Mr. Smith, respond to that.
David Smith: Well, I wouldn't say it's conservative, it isn't. [indiscernible] I think we've got a sensible forecast here. Remember, there's a lot of puts and takes. The downside scenario isn't as draconian as we thought it might be when we spoke last quarter. So we've taken that downside risk off the table. We certainly feel that we've passed over the full beat for Q2, and we've increased the revenue a little bit for the second half of the year. Remember, the way that RMS is building back up, it's very it had a big fall in Q2. It's beginning to build up in Q3. It's not going to get quite to the same level as we would expect from normal Q4, but we're getting towards that. So it's too early, I think, to go to that "RMS is going to fully recover in this year," to some of the comments that Jim said earlier. So again, still six months of the year to go. We think we've got something that protects us for a sensible COVID headwind. We haven't assumed, in our forecast, there will be a complete worldwide sort of stay-at-home order that we saw a few months ago. So I'm trying to get some sort of sense here between passing on the beat, catching on a little bit of upside, but at the same time, there's still some uncertainties with COVID. And therefore, we don't want to get too far ahead on our skis and get something that's sensibly balanced, and I think that's what we've got in front of you today.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then David, if I could sneak one more in. Just on the operating margin, we can do the math and triangulate back in. But could you just kind of walk us through maybe a little bit like what in the expected range could be on operating margins as we look on a full year basis?
David Smith: Yes. So we've said that we would have some margin expansion from last year. Last year was 19%. We, again, going back to the comments I've just made, we've hesitated from narrowing that margin range at this stage of the year. What I could give you is a bit of color, of course. The first half of this year, we've done 18.2% margin, which is a nice comparison to last year of 17.4%. So an 80 basis point increase despite the heavy headwind that we had in research models in Q2. So we've the first half of the year has gone up very well. So we're pleased with that. You can expect, as Jim mentioned, some further improvement in the research models margin as we go through the year. But as I said a moment ago, it won't get to the same margins that we've had historically. We won't get a full recovery until next year. Manufacturing, we're already in the mid-30s, which is where we promise. So if I were in your position, I wouldn't read in much more of an expansion in manufacturing. And of course, DSA is where, we've always said we'd get the lion's share of our expansion as we go into 2021. You've seen a nice uptick in the DSA margins in the first half of this year, even at the end of last year. So we would expect to see some continuing improvement year-over-year on DSA.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, on a couple of people have come at this in different ways. But thinking about, I guess, the timing of the COVID opportunity for Charles River in light of your specific kind of category killer position in early development, is are your services ones that should be in demand for developers of COVID vaccines throughout the development life of those vaccines? Or are they heavy in the early going such that kind of the real opportunity for Charles River's portfolio of services is, say, in 2020?
James Foster: No, I think that we'll play, I think, an important role in the development of both the therapeutics and the vaccines, as I said earlier, particularly on the safety side. It's impossible to predict what the size will be. So we're just trying to give you all a sense of what it's like now. There's a lot of activity. We're happy to have the revenue. I wouldn't certainly wouldn't say it's dramatic at the current time. But I think our role is critical. And given that we're the biggest tox company in the world and given the race to market and given the necessity of safety profiles to provide a drug and particularly, a vaccine for a disease that nobody there's no historical data, nobody understands, is really high stakes. So I think that our work is going to be critically important. And since I don't think that a vaccine is around the corner, even though we all hope it is, and while we may have some short-term drugs, I think there's a significant opportunity for more to come down the line and be increasingly refined that we should continue to play a role here.
Dave Windley: Great. Yes, there's certainly an intellectual challenge between the societal hope for a vaccine and what we know about failure rates. So my other question is around kind of a theme throughout your comments about additional outsourcing. You mentioned it in GEMS. I think you kind of covered my question there in terms of the persistency of that. But you also mentioned in DSA and maybe even in some other areas where there's been a prompting to more outsourcing when clients' facilities were not as readily accessible. And so my question is, how do you assess the permanency of those outsourcing shifts by those clients in the various areas of your business.
James Foster: We have to assess it by living it, Dave, but we're seeing it everywhere. So we're seeing a lot of it in RMS services, particularly IS and GEMS. We're seeing it in discovery for people that have begun to develop drugs that they had done the very, very earliest of discovery, and then they were shut down, whether it's a large or small client and they couldn't depend on themselves, or they were using somebody with side Charles River that didn't have a good business continuity plan and they couldn't depend on them or they did safety. For some of the big clients, they did some safety work internally or used a competitor ours and again, couldn't depend on them. Of course, there's a huge need to be testing these drugs from a biologics point of view, and there's going to be an increasing need to test them from microbial contamination point of view. Once they manufacture it, it's either to go into the clinic or the end-use market. So as I think I said in the last quarter's call, this is very interesting to see our very large portfolio really benefit clients who, for whatever reason, might have historically like to do things internally or works with somebody else or both who now is utilizing us. And they may when we got to work, they may have thought, "Okay, so we'll use Charles River because they're the only ones that are open." And then I think over time, they'll be I think they'll be very pleased with the pricing and the speed and the quality of the work, and I think they'll be thinking, why would I bring it back house? I also think the time frame to bring it back house is going to be substantially elongated. I don't think this COVID situation's going away anytime soon. And I think the longer they work with us, the greater the propensity and the opportunity is for them to stay with us and like it and decommission their space or utilize their space for something else. So all we can do is live it. And all we can do is do great work, and all we can do is demonstrate we don't have to even say anything, just demonstrate that this is a better value proposition for them and a better business continuity proposition for them because even for big pharma, they can't depend some of them couldn't depend on themselves, depending on the geography that they were in. So we're really pleased with the outsourcing business that we've gotten. We think that a meaningful amount of it will stick. It's impossible to predict that or size it at the moment, but we're really pleased with what transpired to date and what we think will continue.
Dave Windley: That's great. Thank you for the answers. I'll leave it with that.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jack Rogoff: Great. Thanks for taking my question. This is Jack Rogoff on for Bob. I wanted to ask about Manufacturing Support margins. How sustainable are the margins that you're seeing in that segment? This is the fourth quarter in a row that you're at or above your long-term guidance. And throughout this time, you've had some facilities transfers and then now you saw the Microbial Solutions revenue impact. So just trying to understand how sustainable the margins that you're seeing are.
James Foster: You want to take that, David?
David Smith: Yes. I mean we signaled some years ago that we want to be in mid-30s. We've been as you've just seen, we are operating in the mid-30s. We've often commented that rather than drive the margin up, we want to continue to invest in that business so that we can continue to get sort of double-digit growth rates on the top line. In the preprepared remarks, Jim called out that we are continuing to or we plan to expand biologics as the moment needs the capacity. So that's an example of where we will continue to invest in the business. There are some process improvements that we have been making in microbial as well. But again, at the end of the day, we're not prepared today to talk about increasing the margins for the sort of the future, but to continue to replow some of that profit back into the business to make sure we can get that top line growth of double-digit continuing.
Jack Rogoff: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we can go to the line of Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan Avendano: Hi. Thank you. My question is also on the Manufacturing Support segment. It seems like the Microbial Solutions business was moderating in growth even before COVID-19 due to a one-timer in the first quarter of last year. And then obviously, this quarter, you noted that there were some delays in the installations. So my question on the Microbial Solutions business is what level of confidence do you have that you may be able to regain and sustain the low double-digit growth in this business, specifically? And I'll leave it there.
James Foster: Yes. So yes, you phrased the question well. And I think you identified the areas and the issues that are causing lower growth, Juan, and pretty much no growth this quarter. We had a massive preorder with a client that causes the year-over-year comparisons to be out of whack. And we have a lot of demand for new systems, and we haven't been able to get into the clients to install them. It's the RMS and that directly are the big COVID impacts. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's beginning to loosen up. We've installed some systems remotely, which is not surprising. Clients need them and we've been able to walk them through it, and that may stick and increase. But clients are beginning to open up slowly. What happens this year if we were going to sell them, let's say, a system in the second quarter, and let's say it's one in the Endosafe systems. This is an associated number associated amount of reagents or cartridges that go along with that and even some of the Celsius systems. So we don't just sell the equipment, we have the razor blade to go along with it, right? So we have that hit as well. So we're entirely confident that, that business, when the clients are open, then we can install the systems, which clients very much want and like, particularly some of the Celsius systems in the COVID world with bacterial contamination, we should get back to low-digit double-digit levels. We're continuing to convert our own clients from conventional methodologies to more sophisticated systems. And we're continuing to take share by having competition, by having clients convert from the competition's technology to ours because they get an answer much faster. So it's an odd sort of air pocket here, Juan. And I'm happy that you asked the question because we really want people to see through the business. As we said, we're not going to give you the exact margins. But as we said in my prepared remarks and in David's, part of the reason that the manufacturing margin is over 37% is because the margins are better in microbial because of process improvements we made in the manufacturing process. So in addition to, I think, a more robust top line going forward, we continue to drive efficiency in that business. So it's contributing very nicely to total Charles River operating margin.
Juan Avendano: Thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: And next, we can go to the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks. Jim, maybe one for you. Last quarter, you called out the complex integrated drug discovery projects on the discovery side, an area you were seeing some delays. It sounds like you saw some normal [indiscernible] in small biotechs, how quickly things normalize and just the general tone there?
James Foster: Okay. You cut out, but I think I got the question. So I think we had some small clients, biotech clients really pulled back and paused when COVID hit because they just didn't know how it would impact them or impact their access to capital or ability to get their work done, number one. Number two, they were considering very complex, multiyear, pretty expensive integrated projects with us, and they thought, "Well, if we're going to be conservative, that's a good place to be conservative." So we had a couple of those a few of those. And they paused. And while I don't think the ones that pause necessarily have reinstituted those studies, we have had others, other biotech companies and pharma companies kind of pick up the slack. So I think everyone's kind of figured out what COVID means to them in terms of the drug development processes, in terms of the really complex discovery work they're doing and in terms of the impact that we can have, hopefully, helping them solve some really complex problems. These integrated studies are really complex and help solve some problems that somehow are big mysteries to the clients. So sort of move right through that relatively quickly later in the second quarter, and we think that business will continue to be. It's not a huge part of our business but will continue to be an increasingly important one and one that distinguishes us from the competition.
Patrick Donnelly: Helpful. Thanks.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: And next, we can go to the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for taking my question. I had two quick ones. Maybe I'll roll them into a single question. Jim, on the reiteration of the LRP here, high singles organic, the 20% margin target. One, on the top line, why wouldn't we see RMS snapping back perhaps at high singles, even perhaps touching low doubles? I'm curious, you made some comments around in a new normal extending well into 2021, perhaps put that into context for us. And second, on margins, the 20% for 2021 target implies a big step-up versus the comments relative to some margin expansion for 2020. Curious what drives the step up.
James Foster: So we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. We would be very pleased, and we hope you all would be very pleased if we were to deliver high single-digit revenue growth next year and meet our articulated operating margin target of 20%. We obviously will do everything we can to always have our numbers be better, but it just would be way premature just given the vagaries in the world right now, notwithstanding the fact that we're performing well to do better than that. And specifically, your comments about RMS. I mean, RMS has been low to mid-single-digit grower. With the cell therapy product businesses growing at 30%, that's going to stimulate a larger growth rate. I don't think the math gets you to where you're directing. But I think directionally, hopefully, the growth rate will exceed low to mid, but we're not ready to articulate that. We just bought those businesses, and we want them to perform. And as we saw in the second quarter, HemaCare was impacted somewhat by COVID. So we'd be delighted to hit those targets. We're always driving to push them higher. So I'm not saying it's impossible that they could be better. I'm just saying that that's not something we're willing to guide to at the current time.
Vijay Kumar: And that's helpful. And...
David Smith: I get sorry. I get your point about the year-over-year comps from a low base for research models for 2020 compared to 2021, yes, it's still an organic growth. But to Jim's point, we're still a long way of seeing what COVID is going to do in 2021. But I take your point about the year-over-year comps. If we get research models back to a normal way of working in 2021, then you would see a one-off year-over-year benefit because we had a low base in 2020. But we'll start signaling that math and that structure when we get closer to 2021.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Stephen Baxter: Hi, thanks for the question. Hopefully, you can hear me, okay. I wanted to ask a bigger picture question about doing acquisitions in the current environment. Obviously, you have a deal you're announcing today. Can you talk a little bit about how you're handling the integration process when, obviously, traveling, for example, is a difficult thing to ask people to do? And would you be able to integrate a larger deal in the current environment? Or is the ability to integrate in any way a rate-limiting factor for you over the next couple of quarters as you think about larger deals?
James Foster: That's a good question. We have a pretty large sophisticated integration team. And so I think our ability to do much of the integration, the vast majority of the integration can be done remotely. Certainly, any of the system stuff, all the back-office stuff is not a problem. Facility issues, to the extent that we have to get involved, obviously, somebody has to go there, and we will. We have local people. So we've seen the facilities we're buying, although we didn't do that en masse. Ability to help companies who we buy from a sales point of view, I think we can do remotely, and we can educate sales organizations by video, et cetera. So no, it doesn't strike us that, that's a headwind doing deals, large or small. I think integration is something we've got increasingly better at. It really doesn't matter the size of the deal. We wouldn't be hesitant and there's going to be some opportunities. And I, for one, think that the COVID situation will be prolonged, and we're not just going to sit and wait for things to change to be able to get on with our business. So we have strong balance sheet. We have a lot of targets. We've seen that adding and enhancing the portfolio is the key competitive differentiator between Charles River and all of our competitors. So we want to continue to advance that. There are targets out there. And we have a team ready, willing and able to do additional deals. So I think we'll be able to integrate them just fine.
Todd Spencer: All right. If there are no further questions, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you during several upcoming investor conferences in September. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the call for today. Thanks for your participation for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.I would now like to turn the conference over to your Vice President, Investor Relations, Todd Spencer.
Todd Spencer: And welcome to Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2020. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com.A replay of this call will be available beginning at 12:30 p.m. today and can be accessed by calling (866) 207-1041. The international access number is (402) 970-0847. The access code in either case is 5525940. The replay will be available through May 2020. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. All remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Actual results may differ materially from those indicated. During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and guidance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, today's remarks will also include estimates of the COVID-19 impact on the company. Certain methodologies and assumptions related to how we develop these estimates can be found on slide three.I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning.Before I discuss our robust first quarter financial results and our revised outlook for the year, I will comment on the impact that the global COVID-19 pandemic has and will have on the company and our actions to address it. The role that we play in biomedical research is of even greater importance during these unprecedented times, given that we are working collaboratively with our clients to discover and develop new therapies for the treatment of disease, including COVID-19.Our work would not be possible without the collective efforts of my dedicated Charles River colleagues, so I'd like to start by expressing my sincere appreciation to them for their hard work and unwavering commitment, which allows us to continue to fulfill our mission every day.To address the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a number of measures that are focused on maintaining the health and safety of our employees and the continuity of our operations, ensuring our ability to support our clients' research programs and sustaining a solid financial position.We have comprehensive business continuity plans in place for each site globally and are continuously updating them to address the evolving COVID-19 situation. We implemented the plans in China beginning in January and optimized the plans for other regions as the virus has spread. We have encouraged employees to work remotely when possible.And for most of our employees who are essential and need to come into our sites to fulfill their responsibilities, we are adhering to any guidance from government, health and other regulatory agencies. Due to the nature of our business, most employees already work in biosecure environments that require PPE, such as masks and gloves and follow other procedures to safely accomplish their daily responsibilities. So we have found that these additional safety precautions have been relatively straightforward to implement.In this changing environment, we continue to review all applicable global stay-at-home orders and have determined that we currently meet the criteria to be designated as an essential business in each of the jurisdictions and in which we operate nearly 100 global sites. As a result, the vast majority of our site-based staff are able to continue to work on-site, while other personnel are working remotely.This has enabled us to keep all of our operating sites open and adequately staffed to accommodate the continued significant client demand across most of our businesses. Our business continuity plans also enable us to provide products and services to clients from their local or preferred site or if needed, utilize an alternate location when possible.In addition, procurement has played a pivotal role in business continuity as we proactively engaged with our suppliers beginning in January to limit the potential disruption to our supply chain. We believe the long-term growth prospects of our business remain firmly intact. And we have moved swiftly to mitigate the anticipated near-term revenue loss from COVID-19, which is expected to reduce 2020 revenue by $135 million to $215 million, with most significant headwind in the RMS segment.We have implemented temporary cost reduction initiatives, which are expected to result in meaningful savings this year, primarily by lowering compensation expense and discretionary spending.David will provide more detail on the cost reduction initiatives shortly. We also intend to be prudent with regard to capital deployment slowing the pace of our planned M&A activity and meaningfully reducing our planned capital projects for the year. Collectively, we believe that these actions will enable us to preserve most jobs, ensure our ability to continue to support our clients' research programs and to sustain our solid financial position.We believe that we are particularly essential to our clients now, and are in continuous communication with them to accommodate their evolving needs. One biotech R&D had recently commented that we are the backbone required to support their programs.Many other clients have sent us notes of support and encouragement during this unprecedented time, noting that they couldn't move their research forward without us. To date, we are partnering with more than 40 clients in our DSA and manufacturing segments on their development programs for potential vaccine candidates and therapeutics to treat COVID-19.We believe that this is one of the highest levels in the CRO industry, and is another example of our ability to work collaboratively and provide greater value to our clients. Our safety assessment business is conducting safety testing on COVID-19 vaccines and other therapeutics in multiple sites across North America and Europe.We are conducting pathology studies in Maryland on an antibody treatment. Our Biologics site in Pennsylvania is conducting a study and reusing N95 masks. And we will work with our partner, Distributed Bio, on antibody-based therapeutics.Clients are also opting to outsource more projects to us for non-COVID-19-related programs across multiple therapeutic areas, either because their own sites have become inaccessible or because of the ease and flexibility of outsourcing projects to an integrated early stage CRO like Charles River. We believe that providing continued support to clients during the COVID-19 pandemic will lead to more outsourcing and long-term business opportunities for Charles River.Biopharmaceutical clients who are previously conducting more programs internally or with multiple CROs are now choosing to outsource some of their work to us. During these unprecedented times, our global scale, scientific depth and breadth of our critical early stage solutions further differentiate us from the competition.Even more so today, clients value the stability and efficiency of working with one large scientific partner to accommodate their early stage research programs, and to support the safe manufacture of the therapies. We are committed to providing flexible outsourcing solutions to our clients, while adapting to the challenges associated with the evolving COVID-19 situation.Overall, we believe healthcare will fare better than many sectors, since it will play a crucial role in finding a solution and caring for those affected by COVID-19. Specific to Charles River, we believe that our unique nonclinical focus, global scale and comprehensive scientific capabilities are what make our business model more resilient.We believe we will be able to withstand the situation better than many others because of our critical nature of our work, our broad portfolio and our flexible outsourcing options. When clients may be facing meaningful disruptions or delays, they can partner with us to continue to move their early stage programs forward across multiple therapeutic areas, including the incremental work they are doing on their COVID-19 programs.Through the first quarter, the biotech funding environment remained very strong, and client order activity was robust, including bookings and proposal activity in the Safety Assessment business, which led to our exceptional first quarter results. COVID-19 caused only a moderate impact in the RMS segment. I'll now provide highlights on our first quarter performance.Quarterly revenues surpassed $700 million for the first time, at $707.1 million, a 17% increase over last year, with the acquisition of Citoxlab and HemaCare contributing 9.5% to the reported growth rate. Organic revenue growth of 8.2% was driven by the robust performance of our DSA and Manufacturing Support segment.COVID-19 had a negligible effect on DSA and Manufacturing revenue in the first quarter; however, it reduced RMS revenue by $9 million, which resulted in a 150 basis point headwind to the consolidated revenue growth rate. Last year's large stocking order in the Microbial Solutions business reduced consolidated revenue growth by an additional 120 basis points. The operating margin was 19%, an increase of 270 basis points year-over-year.The improvement reflects the flow-through of the strong top line performance in the DSA and Manufacturing segments and lower corporate costs. As I mentioned last quarter, we are well positioned to generate greater operating leverage in 2020 because investments in staff, capacity and infrastructure are more balanced now.Earnings per share were $1.84 in the first quarter, an increase of 31.4% from $1.40 in the first quarter of last year. Strong revenue growth and operating margin expansion as well as a lower tax rate resulted in earnings per share that were well ahead of our outlook. We were off to a spectacular start in 2020 through mid-March, when COVID-19 began to have an impact on our North American and European research models business.Going forward, COVID-19 is expected to have the most significant impact on RMS segment's revenue growth rate in 2020, specifically on the research models business and particularly in the second quarter.The DSA and Manufacturing revenue growth rates are only expected to be modestly affected. In total, COVID-19 is expected to reduce full year 2020 revenue by $135 million to $215 million, resulting in a reduction of our organic revenue growth guidance by just over 500 basis points at midpoint to a range of 1.5% to 4.5% growth.We are reducing 2020 non-GAAP EPS guidance by $0.60 at the midpoint due to COVID-19 to a range of $6.75 to $7.10. Our revised guidance is based on a range of recovery scenarios for our business, which David will provide in more detail shortly.I'd like to provide you with additional details on our first quarter segment performance as well as the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses, beginning with the RMS segment. RMS revenue for the first quarter was $146 million, a decrease of 1.7% on an organic basis. COVID-19 reduced the first quarter revenue growth rate by 660 basis points or $9 million, which was nearly evenly split between China and Western markets. When we provided our guidance in February, we had anticipated a modest first quarter impact related to COVID-19 on our research models business in China.The impact in China was in line with our expectations, but as the virus spread, there were incremental headwinds to our North American and European research models businesses, particularly during the last two weeks of the first quarter. The research models business accounted for approximately 60% of global RMS revenue in 2019. It has been most affected by COVID-19-related closures of our clients' research facilities to date.The research models services businesses were largely unaffected. We experienced a sharp decline in model demand as stay-at-home orders spread across the globe with diminishing order activity from academic clients, which represents about 1/3 of global RMS revenue, as these institutions closed abruptly.There was also a significant reduction in order activity for both large biopharmaceutical and smaller biotechnology clients, as these clients reduced or close their on-site activities. We expect these trends will persist through the second quarter in North America and Europe, while China is already seeing a gradual ramp-up in order activity as the commercial sector returns to work and academia slowly reopens.In North America and Europe, we are cautiously optimistic that there will be a meaningful recovery beginning in the second half of the year, as clients are already inquiring whether we will have models available for them to rapidly expand or reconstitute their colonies when they return to work.We expect demand for research models will improve in the third quarter, as global biopharmaceutical and biotech clients resume more normal research activities, and expect academic demand will begin to rebound in the fall. Overall, we expect COVID-19 will reduce RMS revenue by at least 10% organically in 2020, with the most significant impact in the second quarter.The Research Model Services business has performed very well in the first quarter, and are expected to experience very little impact from COVID-19. We believe the strong performance reflects the value our clients see in outsourcing these critical services to us. Or in the case of Insourcing Solutions or IS, the efficiency of using our people or capacity to manage their research needs.The GEMS business benefited from strong demand and new business wins across most geographies. Some clients had previously managed their proprietary, genetically modified model colonies in-house, have closed their facilities and are outsourcing this work to us.We anticipate that much of this GEMS work will remain outsourced after the COVID-19 crisis subside. The IS business continued to perform very well, with contributions from new contract awards at the end of last year from the NIH and in Europe.We also continued to gain traction with new biopharma clients through our CRADL initiative, which provides turnkey research capacity in Boston, Cambridge and South San Francisco, both of which have remained open and accessible to clients during the COVID-19 crisis. Occupancy of our newest site in South San Francisco has improved nicely since it opened earlier this year, with excellent client feedback.HemaCare, which we acquired in January, had a strong first quarter as part of Charles River. It performed in line with our acquisition plan, with pro forma revenue growth exceeding 30% in the first quarter. You may recall that HemaCare is a premier provider of human-derived cellular products that are used as critical inputs throughout the cell therapy development and manufacturing processes.We believe HemaCare's offering will lead more clients to start their cell therapy discovery programs at Charles River, and remain with us through discovery, early stage development and manufacturing support process.As a result of COVID-19, we temporarily closed our clinic for donor collections at HemaCare in mid-March in order to ensure donor safety and pause certain integration activities. But the business has remained operational and continues to ship its products to clients. We believe COVID-19 will result in short-term disruption for this business, but over the longer term, beyond 2020, HemaCare's growth profile in excess of 30% annually remains intact.The operating margin declined by 510 basis points year-over-year to 23% in the first quarter, driven almost exclusively by the impact of COVID-19. Due to the fixed cost nature of the RMS business, the cost reduction initiatives that we have implemented cannot offset the sharp short-term decline in research model volumes.We believe the RMS operating margin will improve once client order activity returns to more normalized levels later in the year. DSA revenue was $438.7 million in the first quarter, an exceptional 11.6% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2019.We continue to benefit from strong client demand for our Discovery and Safety Assessment services, which we believe is a testament to our position as the leading early stage CRO as well as the strength of the market environment in the first quarter. We benefited from broad-based demand across our client segments, led by biotechnology clients. The acquisition of Citoxlab contributed 12.8% to DSA reported revenue growth.We marked the one year anniversary of its acquisition last week, and are pleased with the progress that Citoxlab has made as part of Charles River. It has enhanced our leading market position, expanded our geographic footprint and global scale, and solidified our scientific capabilities, which further distinguishes us from the competition during these unprecedented times.The Safety Assessment business was a significant driver of DSA revenue growth, which resulted from strong volume and price increases as well as a tailwind from the healthy backlog existing in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, proposal activity and bookings were robust, and these trends continued through the end of March, with March bookings being particularly strong.Large biopharmaceutical and mid-sized biotechnology clients have largely remained business as usual with regard to their early stage research programs. We believe these clients are compensating for reduced on-site activities due to COVID-19, which increased outsourcing of their IND-enabling safety programs.We believe clients are actively reevaluating their CRO outsourcing strategies to work with few and trusted partners, to ensure business continuity amid the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis as well as their supply chains to reduce dependency on Asia, including the use of CDMOs and CROs in China and India.We believe our integrated early stage portfolio from target ID through nonclinical development is uniquely positioned to enable clients to work with one early stage CRO, whether it be for their time-sensitive COVID-19 programs or other important research efforts across multiple therapeutic areas.Combined with our own business continuity plans and COVID-19 preparedness, which clients have told us are a cut above other CROs, we believe that we offer the expertise, stability and flexibility that clients require as we collaboratively navigate today's challenges and those that arise in the future.COVID-19 headwinds for our DSA segment are expected to be modest, and partly offset by clients' opting to outsource projects in lieu of starting new studies in-house. We expect an impact on Safety Assessment growth over the next one to two quarters, primarily as a result of study slippage.We have experienced a moderate increase in study slippage since the end of March, primarily due to client-driven delays and resource constraints. The study slippage is associated with a number of factors, including test article availability from our clients, as shipments are temporarily delayed from their partners in India and China.For the year, we believe the overall impact from slippage and other factors will be modest, and the DSA segment will deliver organic revenue growth at least at the mid single-digit level. The Discovery Services business also had a very good quarter, particularly Early Discovery services. Our scientific expertise, track record for delivering clinical candidates and efforts to build a cohesive offering generated significant client interest.A small number of discovery clients appear to be slowing the initiation of new programs or delaying projects for at least one quarter, particularly for integrated drug discovery programs as they reduce their own on-site activities related to COVID-19. We believe the Discovery business will rebound in the second half of the year as clients return to work and resume their programs or initiate new ones.The DSA operating margin improved by 340 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter to 22%, with significant improvement in both Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. The first quarter operating performance reflected greater leverage on the strong top line growth.Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $122.4 million, a 9.6% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of last year. Last year's large stocking order from a non-pharma strategic partner in the Microbial Solutions business reduced the manufacturing growth rate by 680 basis points in the first quarter. The Microbial Solutions, Biologics Testing Solutions and Avian businesses all had outstanding quarters, each delivering double-digit revenue growth when adjusting Microbial for the stocking order.Whether it be testing for microbial contamination are helping to optimize our clients' biologics development processes, these businesses play a crucial role in ensuring the quality and safety of our clients' manufacturing activities and finished products.We are seeing little disruption to our clients' manufacturing operations, and are attracting new business opportunities for treatments related to COVID-19. As a result, we believe the pandemic will have a relatively small impact on our Manufacturing business. I expect the Manufacturing segment to generate high single-digit organic revenue growth in 2020.The Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 35.6% or 460 basis point increase over last year. The significant improvement was related to enhanced operating efficiency from process improvements in the Microbial Solutions business and operating leverage from higher revenue in both the Biologics and Avian businesses. In Biologics, the elimination of duplicate costs related to last year's transition of our new Pennsylvania facility also drove the improved operating margin.Before I conclude, I'd like to discuss the planned retirement of our General Counsel, Dave Johst, as the transition of this role. Last spring, Dave announced his intention to retire as Corporate EVP, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer. I want to thank Dave for nearly 30 years of service to the company.He has contributed to our growth and expansion by providing strategic counsel and direction to our global operations and to me, which has contributed to our market-leading position. I'd also like to welcome John Kuo to Charles River, who will become our Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer at the end of this month.John has more than 25 years experience and joined us from Varian Medical Systems, where he was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. I'm pleased to have John join us, and believe he will continue to provide the strategic counsel and guidance that will support our future growth. We believe Charles River will endure this challenge better than many other companies. All of our operating sites are open and adequately staffed to accommodate our clients' needs. Our client base is resilient.We believe that biotech clients, which have been our principal source of growth in recent years, had approximately three years of cash on hand at the end of Q1, which should enable them to withstand any near-term disruption caused by COVID-19. Global biopharmaceutical clients have the financial strength and scientific resources to survive as well, and the biopharmaceutical industry as a whole is working tirelessly to find solutions to COVID-19 and other diseases on behalf of the patients who rely on them.We have taken a disciplined and determined approach to address the COVID-19 crisis. And together with our clients, we are committed to delivering innovative, safe and effective medicines to patients as quickly and efficiently as possible.In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and, once again, our employees for their commitment to our mission. I continue to be amazed by the dedication and hard work of our exceptional employees, especially during these unprecedented times.Now I'd like David Smith to give you additional details on the COVID-19 impact, our financial performance and revised guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning.Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results on continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation.As Jim discussed, we are very pleased with our accomplishments in the first quarter. We delivered strong revenue growth and significant operating margin expansion, which drove earnings-per-share growth of 31% to $1.84, widely outperforming our expectations.The operating margin performance was particularly encouraging, as it reflects our ability to leverage the investments that we have made in staff, capacity and infrastructure to accommodate growth in a scalable and efficient manner. Where our strong start to the year changed in March as the COVID-19 virus spread and stay-at-home orders began to be adopted globally.This led to a reduction in client demand, primarily for our research models business. I will focus my comments on how we are addressing the COVID-19 impact from a financial management perspective, and provide additional details on our revised guidance as well as an update on our liquidity and solid financial position.Our goal is to provide as much transparency and insight into our business as we are able, which we believe is particularly important due to the fluid nature of the COVID-19 situation. As Jim mentioned, we revised 2020 financial guidance to organic revenue growth of 1.5% to 4.5%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.75 to $7.10. We believe that COVID-19 will reduce full year revenue by approximately $135 million to $215 million. Its impact will be greatest in the second quarter, specifically on the RMS segment.This guidance considers multiple recovery scenarios for each of our businesses ranging from a meaningful improvement in the third quarter, to a downside case with a modest recovery in the third quarter, and a more meaningful recovery not occurring until the fourth quarter.These scenarios are based on several key assumptions as follows, with variations in the scenario-based primarily on timing. First, for the Research Models business, we expect that many biopharmaceutical clients will be returning to work in the third quarter, and academic researchers will begin to return in the fall.We have also assumed that we will continue to have adequate resources and supplies to deliver our early stage and manufacturing support solutions to our clients, such as PPE equipment as well as the test articles from our clients and large models required for safety assessment studies.And with regard to our own operations, our essential personnel will continue to work on-site to accommodate client demand. By segment, the impact of COVID-19 is expected to have the most significant impact on the RMS segment, including HemaCare, with a much more modest impact on the DSA segment, and only a small impact on the manufacturing support segment.For the full year 2020, on an organic basis, this translates into a revenue decline for RMS of at least 10%, and revenue growth in the mid-single digits or higher for DSA, and in the high single digits for manufacturing. Our reported revenue growth outlook by segment is included on slide 33.As I mentioned, from a quarterly perspective, the second quarter is expected to experience the largest headwind from COVID-19, particularly the RMS segment. Second quarter revenue is expected to decline at a mid-single-digit rate on an organic basis or at a low to mid single-digit rate on a reported basis. As a result of the revenue decline, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to decline by approximately 20% to 30% year-over-year in the second quarter. To mitigate the near-term margin impact resulting from the revenue loss, we have implemented temporary cost reduction initiatives.These initiatives include reducing compensation expense by delaying merit increases and temporarily suspending 401(k) contributions, hiring restrictions to control headcount and a reduction of working hours principally in the RMS segment. We will also meaningfully reduce other discretionary costs, including for all nonessential travel. The cost savings are expected to total $55 million to $90 million this year, with the level of savings partially dependent on the duration of some of these temporary actions. We will regularly reevaluate these initiatives and will curtail, extend or implement additional cost levers as the COVID-19 situation warrants.Despite COVID-19, we believe the fundamental drivers of our business will remain healthy. As we manage through these unprecedented times, we believe our actions and our solid financial position are two of the main factors that differentiate Charles River from our competitors.We want our clients to be confident that we can and will provide the support on which they rely, so that they can continue their research efforts during this pandemic and in the future. Because the COVID-19 situation is fluid, we borrowed $150 million under the revolver at the end of the first quarter to have additional cash on hand and to proactively protect against any dislocation in the credit market.The additional $150 million increased our cash and equivalents to $372 million at the end of the first quarter, well above our targeted level. In addition, we have available borrowing capacity of nearly $900 million under our $2.05 billion revolving credit facility. We do not have significant debt maturities until 2023, when the credit facility matures. We believe that our existing cash position and our cash flow from operations will be more than sufficient to meet anticipated capital needs for the foreseeable future.At the end of the first quarter, we had $2.4 billion of outstanding debt. This represents a gross leverage ratio of 3.44 times, and a net leverage ratio of 2.9 times. We are subject to two maintenance covenants under the credit agreement: gross leverage, which must be no more than four times and interest coverage, which must be no less than 3.5 times.Even with the additional $150 million we borrowed, we were well within these requirements at the end of the first quarter at 3.44 times and 6.55 times, respectively, and we believe that we will be in compliant each quarter this year. Given the fluidity of the COVID-19 situation, we have changed our capital priorities to conserve capital and enhance liquidity.We have slowed our planned M&A activity for at least the short term, and we are reevaluating our capital projects for the year. We expect to move forward only with capital projects that have already commenced, or those which are critical to the business, either for maintenance purposes or to accommodate near-term client demand.This will result in a meaningful reduction in CapEx for the year by $30 million to approximately $120 million. And as we have stated previously, we do not intend to repurchase any shares this year. Our balance sheet and financial position are very strong, and we intend to maintain both.I will now discuss aspects of our first quarter performance and our updated outlook for the year. Free cash flow was $42.9 million in the first quarter, a significant improvement from a negative $1.9 million last year. The primary reason for this year's improvement was the strong first quarter operating performance. For the full year, we have reduced expected free cash flow guidance to $325 million to $350 million due to the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on our operating performance, partially offset by lower CapEx. Unallocated corporate costs were slightly favorable to our expectations, totaling 5.6% of total revenue or $39.8 million in the first quarter compared to 6.8% of revenue in the first quarter last year.This favorability was primarily the result of a discrete benefit associated with our deferred compensation program. This resulted in a 50 basis point benefit to the first quarter operating margin, which we expect to normalize over the course of the year. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 5.5% of revenue for the full year.Total adjusted net interest expense for the first quarter was $19 million, which increased sequentially from $16.8 million, primarily as a result of higher debt balances associated with the HemaCare transaction.For the year, we continue to expect total adjusted net interest expense to be in the range of $78 million to $80 million as higher debt balances will be offset by lower expected interest rates as a result of the recent Federal Reserve rate cuts. The first quarter tax rate was 14.3%, approximately 300 basis points lower year-over-year and at the bottom of our first quarter outlook.The decrease was largely the result of a favorable excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation related to higher stock price levels in February at the time of equity vesting activities. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be in a range of 22% to 23.5% on a non-GAAP basis.A summary of our revised financial guidance for the full year can be found on slide 43. In the face of the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to respond quickly demonstrates that we have built the capabilities and processes necessary to make nimble decisions and fully support our clients' evolving need. We will continue to work together to stay focused on executing our strategy and achieving our long-term financial and operational targets.Our strong first quarter results reflect the tremendous efforts of our employees around the world and the critical nature of the work that we do. We believe our nonclinical focus, global scale and scientific expertise, coupled with our solid and stable financial position, underscore the resilience of our business model, and will enable us to withstand the current situation better than others. We will continue to focus on our commitment to our clients, employees, communities and shareholders through these unprecedented times, and believe we will emerge as a more distinguished partner for all of our key stakeholders.Thank you.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, David. That concludes our comments. The operator will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Thanks for all the detail, Jim, I think it sounds like you're messaging that the primary COVID impact is showing up in RMS model orders being down, but not really in Safety Assessment, assuming I got that right. Can you just talk a little bit about how you're seeing this crisis play out compared to 2009 and '10, when you saw RMS and Safety Assessment order flow get hit?
Jim Foster: Yes. So I absolutely confirm that the impact is principally in research models, the services part of the RMS business has been essentially unaffected. So research models, and principally as a result of the rapid and almost sudden closure of academic institutions, both in Europe and the United States, as well as the closure of some small biotech companies and some of the pharmaceutical companies sites as well.So you're not going to buy animals that you can't use because you're not coming to work to do your study. So that's a logical principal rationale for the situation, conversely. Steady volume and demand was pretty quite good across the rest of the business, including Safety Assessment.Totally different obviously, totally different set of circumstances from the 2008 situation, which was things weren't closed. There was just a sort of pullback as the economy imploded, and there was less work for us. Academic institutions were open and pharma businesses were open. And I don't remember exactly what the impact was on a research model business, but it was less way less severe than this.People still did basic research. As you recall at that time, we and all of our competitors have built an awful lot of safety assessment space. And for a rapidly growing marketplace and then the pullback close caused that space to essentially remain vacant for some period of time.So not enough work, vacant space, too much overhead that wasn't absorbed. And revenue in safety was actually in free fall for several years following that, so totally different set of circumstances, I'd say, that our business was. And we're guiding it to be essentially largely unaffected.We're going to have some impact on the non-research models in DSA and Microbial in the second quarter, some, but not much. A little bit of study slippage in the safety business principally, and then a rebound in the back half of the year also anticipate a rebound in the back half of the year, particularly, in the last quarter in research models. So different set of circumstances. I think that our portfolio is weathering the storm has weathered and will continue to weather the storm quite well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: A couple of quick ones here, hopefully. I'm curious on the academic sales research model sales. You've talked about reconstituting colony, something that we've picked up in our channel checks as well. I'm curious if you can give us some history on what that might have normally looked like as academic institutions reconstitute individually over time? And then what kind of potential impact that could have either in 3Q or 4Q? My second question is on Avian. And I'm curious if you've seen any impact from vaccine production for animal vaccines? The vet markets around the world are pretty slow. And also, any early thoughts on the potential impact from what should be a very heavy flu vaccine season? And I might have one follow-up.
Jim Foster: Sure. The Avian business had a really strong first quarter, and we anticipate its continued strength. The vast majority of those actually is for veterinary pharmaceuticals and vaccines and some relatively small amount to use for human flu. And we're the largest producer with a very limited production universe, so we should continue to see good results there.On the academic side, research models, you've got lots of academic institutions and some small biotech clients as well, particularly in academics that will develop specialty strains of animals, sometimes with our help, sometimes not, for some very discrete research that they're doing and breed the relatively small colonies of that just to have the so the elegance of the animals being right there. And so you can imagine with this academic shut down and it was sudden, it was two weeks that they had to reduce those colonies, clear them out and stop their work. So they sent us a fair amount of that work.And so I think we'll see two things. This isn't going to be a period of time for however prolonged this is, where our client base is going to rethink what they do internally and how they think about us. And so obviously, we have lots of work that's outsourced to us on a growing basis pre-COVID.But there's some clients that have to split the work between multiple providers and some clients who like to do things internally, like have their own colonies, and I think there'll be less of that. I think they'll utilize us more to produce colonies for them, which, by the way, we do in the genetically engineered models business quite robustly. Those models are much more complex to rear and raise and keep clean.And so we have a lot of business where we just breed those animals for them, and then we ship them to them on adjusted time basis. And I wouldn't be surprised to see the colonies that clients have that, a, we'll reconstitute them and perhaps send them back or perhaps not send them back and there'll be more of that work that will be outsourced.So it's an opportunity for them to reconsider how they'll work with us. And I think rely on us more, both in terms of our facilities and people because during this pandemic, our animal facilities are up and running. If we had all of the colones to begin with, we could have taken care of them and they wouldn't miss a beat, and now they're going to have to sort of start that back up again. So we anticipate we'll see a lot more of this work.
Eric Coldwell: If I may, a quick follow-up or a question on API issues. In all of my channel checks so far, I think I've probably heard of, I don't know, call it a dozen cases have been cited, where a preclinical CRO or a client has mentioned having to delay work because they couldn't get product out of India, typically. I'm curious if you have any stats on what you've seen internally? And do you think that some of these global logistical issues that we're seeing could actually change the landscape for where product is sourced? And perhaps bring it back to, for lack of a better word, back to western markets?
Jim Foster: Yes, good question. I think lots of people are rethinking and reevaluating their reliance on China and India for API and the core ingredients of the drugs. So we have, as we said in the prepared remarks, we had some test article delays, which caused some study slippage. And so in English, that means that the client says oh yes, we'd love to start the study that we're that we told you was booked for whenever, but we can't get our test article out of either it was China at first, and now it's India. So that's obviously concerning to them.And I think this I don't want to get into the politics, but I think the continuing tensions between the U.S. and China, and just the distance, I think, it's getting people to rethink that paradigm. So tough to predict where we'll go, but definitely, we're hearing some of that. And we've seen some work on the tox side and the discovery side come out of China to us.So yes, I would say it's subtle. We always have study slippage, a little bit more than usual related to difficulty getting the test article out. We anticipate that, that will continue to some extent, some modest extent in the second quarter, and begin to ameliorate in the back half of the year, either because people have stopped relying on them or they've gotten over some of their issues.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: My question, I mean, obviously there's some limited visibility for 2020, but thinking out for 2021, there are two parts to the question. One is, how long will it take to catch up with the delayed project, based on the time frame that you built your assumptions around? And second of all, when you think about kind of like slowing your M&A activity, how is that going to impact kind of like your 2021?
Jim Foster: Yes. So I'm not sure how things catch up, but what we anticipate is, on the research model side, the academic institutions will begin to open slowly in Europe in the summer and open slowly in the fall in the U.S. And there were some people that think that they could open more quickly than that. But we based our guidance on the assumptions that I just gave you. So I think that the research model activity and orders will commence third quarter and heavily in the fourth quarter. And similarly, whatever modest slowdown we've experienced and it has been modest in the DSA segment.We had a little bit of a slowdown in these complex studies that we do for some small biotech companies in Discovery and this test article and dilemma that I was just talking about with Eric. That should ameliorate in the third quarter and fourth as well. So we would anticipate being on a kind of a regular steady clip in the back half of the year for our DSA segment, we've talked about mid-single digits, which, of course, is slower than we typically would have reported.And we would imagine we would anticipate that barring some untoward new twist to COVID that obviously, we're getting way ahead of ourselves and things are fluid and complicated, but it was kind of back to our usual growth rates in 2021 throughout the portfolio, with improved margins as well.M&A is an interesting one. So my stream of consciousness on that would be that, we have multiple conversations going on real time, as we always do. We have while we are engaged with these folks, we have paused any sort of real movement in seriously moving forward with those. Because we anticipate a challenging second quarter, which we've articulated I think quite well in our prepared remarks.And if it's no worse than we anticipated and we get through that well and we see things beginning to improve in the third quarter, we will relook at M&A. We'll relook at the wisdom of doing it, we'll see what prices are like. We'll see what's still available, and we'll see whether these we still think these things are critically important for our portfolio.So it's been a critical part of our growth and development for at least the last decade. I think it's we've created a very powerful impactful portfolio. And we want to continue to do that, but we want to continue to do that smartly. So pause, relook at it in the next quarter or two, and we will begin to see business generally be coming back well in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter.
Ricky Goldwasser: And my follow-up is around the comment on clients rethinking their dependency on Asia. How is that kind of like impacting your China expansion strategy? And if you can remind us what percent of your China business is domestic versus work for clients that are outside China?
Jim Foster: Yes. So good question. So I'll remind you of several things. Number one, our China business is well, it's primarily research models, we have a little bit of Microbial solutions. It is entirely for Chinese companies, Chinese biotech, pharma and, to a less extent, academic institutions. And you'll recall that we're engaged in trying to dramatically enhance and improve the quality of research models in China. So I think the Chinese dialogue that we just talked about, with API tried to get API out for studies that are done in the U.S. or Europe, is a totally unrelated comment to what we're doing in China.And of course, our activities are only research models-based. So we intend to continue to invest in China. We anticipate a significant high-growth rate as things get back to normal there. We're beginning to get back to normal on the pharmaceutical side, and we anticipate the academic market will improve as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Jim, in terms of some of the offsets, I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of how much preclinical work can and is being done remotely? And then you noted some clients opting to outsource more projects because their own sites are inaccessible. Is that anecdotal, or is that actually meaningful? And then and a follow-up to China, you noted both headwinds and tailwinds with RMS improving, but studies see slippage, I'm just curious, is China going to get better or worse in the second quarter?
Jim Foster: So China, for us, for the research model business, should continue to improve. As I said there, we're back to work. Increasingly, clients are open and back to work. I would say that the vast majority of our commercial clients are open and working and Tycho but pharma and biotech, similar to the U.S., the academic institutions closed abruptly there. Again, barring research models. So sales were hampered significantly. And they're beginning to open up slowly.So should be a steady improvement and increase over the rest of the year, including in the second quarter. Sorry, the beginning of your question was about preclinical what was the specific...
Tycho Peterson: Just about some of the offsets, how much preclinical work can actually be done remotely? And then also, you mentioned clients coming to you because their own sites are inaccessible, is that a meaningful trend?
Jim Foster: Yes. Well, we hope so. I'd say that preclinical is largely outsourced now, whatever we say, 55% to 60%, which means that you still get some clients that do it themselves, mostly big pharma, mostly kind of a historical preference to do that. And I think it's been a continuing process of outsourcing. We've said often that it's going to get to at least 85% outsourced and probably 100%.I think that a situation like this could absolutely accelerate it that OK, so suddenly their sites are closed. They've got critical studies that have to move forward. They stop. They can't do anything about it, and yet they give them to us, and they continue. So that's what the whole outsourcing paradigm is about. It's about we all need to do what we do best and who can you rely on? And how can you continue your velocity to get your drugs to market?So I think we're demonstrating that. We're demonstrating the power of the remote facilities. We're demonstrating the power of an international footprint, we're demonstrating the power of having capacity available for them and being able to be nimble in moving that about.So I think that, while this is a horrible situation, and it was certainly we all wish we weren't in it, I do think it's magnified the benefits of working with us across the portfolio. And in some ways, particularly safety, just because that footprint is so substantial there.
Tycho Peterson: If I could ask just one last one on cancellations. A lot of the discussion has been about delays, but are you able to comment at all on work getting canceled or at risk of getting canceled in the next quarter?
Jim Foster: Very few cancellations. So cancellations are no worse than usual. They happen all the time for a whole variety of reasons. Clients are charged for cancellations, meaning, we've usually set aside animals and staff and runs, and depending on the nature of the cancellation, we usually get paid something for that. So usually a small percentage of what we do, it's not increasing. And as I said before, slippages has increased slightly, very modestly, but noticeably, with the explanation that, yes, I'd like to start my study, but I can't get my test article out of China or India.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: I guess just the first one, Jim, to follow-up on RMS, obviously, that's where the impact seems to be felt the most so far and where you anticipate to see the impact felt. Are there any milestones that you can share with us as far as what you're looking for or what you're hearing from your clients that have had these issues in accessing their own sites, as far as their comfort in getting back online? Anything that they've shared with you as far as what they're looking for to get back up and running?
Jim Foster: The only anecdotal information I can give you is that we've had several calls from clients, and this is in the script, I believe, just saying, we anticipate we'll be back up at a certain time frame. We need to make sure that you are up and running, and you've got all the strains and species of animals available, because we're going to need them. Implications are that there'll be some significant sort of kind of surge in demand, either they're going to crank up a bunch of research seemingly all at once, so they're going to reconstitute colonies that they had to take down.So I'd say I don't want to overstate it, but some level of concern or almost nervousness on their part and that might be because they're concerned about some of our competition, maybe not, not being as available or as robust or this hurting them more than us. So it's very basic. We'll see it immediately. Animals that typically purchased, particularly by big pharma and biotech companies consistently week after week after week, based upon early orders in the year or in the quarter, and they just buy them every week.So it's quite consistent and predictable, and it's quite consistent and predictable that it's not going to happen when their facilities are closed. And pretty much I don't know that literally the minute they're open, but the week that they're open or the second week that they're opened, you can see them getting back to getting the studies cranked up again.So I think there's a huge interest. I think that there's one other thing I'd like to point out is, there's a lot of dialogue going around right now about whether colleges will start in the fall. I've heard that Harvard might not and MIT might, for instance. So there's even a dichotomy between big well-funded institutions like that.I think that even if students don't come back, that academic medical centers and research organizations, research parts of those institutions will open. Think about R&D labs, where people are gowned up, off and working in hoods, so they'll spread them out a little bit more. I think the potential of the virus is very, very low in those domains. So they shut down the whole institution, I think the first things that will open are the research centers within them.
Robert Jones: Yes. I think that makes sense. I guess just a follow-up, taking a step back on the guidance, and clearly, you guys have factored in a number of scenarios it seems around the guidance and the outlook. Just playing out a scenario where maybe things take longer to come back, or are they worse. Other than the cost measures that you guys outlined today, are there other levers you could talk about as far as what you can do to offset maybe a more prolonged impact to demand?
Jim Foster: Sure. So if the academic institutions don't open up as anticipated, let's say they don't open up, they're a quarter later or they don't open up at all this year, and/or the second wave of the virus is way worse than everyone is anticipating, and they open and they shut again, we have played through countless scenarios. But that would be a couple of bad situations. We have additional cost control measures, a continuation of some of the things that we have started on the compensation side, for sure on the travel side, for sure, that we can and would execute, which would backstop certainly some of the operating margin and EPS associated with a lower revenue delivery.So yes, we I think we have substantial ability to offset a worse story. Our guidance is based on a very realistic to quasi-pessimistic story, but there's a lot of parts and pieces. We have different assumptions for different businesses and different parts of the world. But based on where we sit now, based upon you have to understand that we have conversations with hundreds, if not thousands of clients a week about what they anticipate, what they'll buy, what's happening to them, how they're thinking about their studies on the academic side, when they're thinking about opening.We do have a couple of high-level academics on our board, deans of a veterinary school and a medical school, who are still quite connected to the academic milieu and have given us their the best prognosis. So we think that we've done it realistically, but we definitely have more cost control measures to offset a further decline if it gets worse than we've guided you to.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe another one on the cost side. DSA, you guys long talked about kind of this mid-20% op margin goal, saw some pretty nice progress this quarter to the 22% number. Can you just talk about the implementations you have going in that segment? Again, it seems like it's hanging in a little better, very temporary in terms of the pullback. How aggressive are you being in preserving the margins there, kind of pursuing that mid-20% goal in the near-term here?
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean our cost control measures have pretty much cut across all of our businesses, and we would prefer and intend to have them be temporary. By that, I mean the sales will increase, and we don't have to continue with them or make them more severe, and that's what we anticipate seeing. I think on the DSA business, as we said in our prepared remarks, we're looking for a meaningful and there's only been a modest impact, and there will only be a modest impact for the year.We're looking for a strong back half of the year, particularly in safety assessment, which is the largest business that we have, given the desire of our clients to continue to prosecute the drugs that they have in development, particularly for IND-enabling studies, both for COVID-related de novo work for COVID stuff, but also multitude of therapeutic area-based work.So the work is continuing, and there's been a very modest decline. So we would continue to see believe we continue to see strong demand there and our ability to continue to generate strong operating margins, particularly in that segment.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the Discovery side, and I know you talked about clients in some situations slowing projects, delaying things maybe just a quarter. I guess, how confident are you that's just going to be a quarter? What's your visibility into those conversations, things coming back in two or three months rather than getting pushed out longer, again, assuming things normalize somewhat in the near term?
Jim Foster: Discovery had a really strong first quarter, which was great. And the type of work that we're talking about slowing down is these very complicated, we call them integrated drug discovery projects, that they tend to be multiple years and multiple millions of dollars, they're very expensive and very complex.And so we're seeing and by the way, we don't do a lot of them. There's a relatively small number of them. And they're for pretty sophisticated but often small biotech companies. So you can imagine as this pandemic has broken that clients that we were in discussions with about initiating these studies would just want to pause, so they've said, let's pause and see how this thing rolls out.So I think it's possible that they continue to pause. If they do, again, it's a small piece of Discovery, and Discovery is a small piece of DSA. So we're talking about a very modest impact to the Discovery business and to the DSA segment. The rest of the Discovery segment has done quite well, and we would anticipate continuing to see that happen and perhaps some benefit, some work that was historically done internally, and clients getting comfortable or preferring to utilize outside resources to get that work done. So we feel pretty good about the trajectory there.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Anderson: I think you've answered it partly in bits and pieces, but I just want to make sure I understand how you guys are seeing the bookings trend in April into May, and then also among sort of different sized clients? Obviously, biotech is well funded, but are you seeing any differences as we progress through in different sized clients?
Jim Foster: Yes. The proposal line in bookings for Q1 were really strong, and I think we said in the prepared remarks that March was really strong. So we ended the first quarter with in a very good place. We had a really strong April, particularly in Safety Assessment on the bookings side of the situation. So as we said, it's pretty much business as usual for a whole host of clients, and it's hard to tease out much of a discernible difference between big pharma and biotech.I would say that biotech's feeling well-funded if they've got drugs that they need to develop, particularly for IND-enabling studies, particularly kind of worried about the FDA going to be too busy, so let me get my work in early. I think that's a pretty good push there. So we would anticipate continuing to see strong proposal volume and bookings across DSA, but particularly in SA, particularly in Safety, for both large and small clients, we have a really big international footprint and the capacity to accommodate that work.And there's no logical reasons, even with the virus situation being more prolonged because there's not much the clients have to do. So they give us the molecule and we literally do the work for them. We have to talk to them, but we can do that by computer. So they simply have to be able to they simply have to have the molecule and be able to afford it. So being closed or shut down or disrupted doesn't really have much of an impact on this, which is the whole basis of the bargain of our outsourcing model. So we will continue anticipate continuing to see that be strong demand.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sandy Draper with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper: I guess, maybe a follow-up on HemaCare, Jim. You commented that you shut down the facilities there, and you're expecting that to stay down and so there to be a negative impact. Can you talk about sort of and I don't know if this is the right way to think about it, sort of how long the supply or how big a supply you typically keep in inventory? So like how long you can run the business before you, you absolutely need to start reopening? And just trying to think through the dynamics of how HemaCare reacts to this environment?
Jim Foster: Yes. Fair questions, Sandy. So we've shut so the business is still operational. We have product that we're shipping. We also have product that we can source from others. So we don't think the inventory will be a problem. All we've closed is the donor clinic, where people come in and donate their blood for obvious reasons in the midst of COVID. And so we have plans to reopen that. I can't give you an exact date, but it won't be too prolonged.So we'll get that business cranked up again. Inventory won't be a problem. Obviously, it's been disrupted from a revenue and profit-generating point of view for some a short period of time, but given the strength and interest in the work that's being done in the cell therapy space, we anticipate it will continue to be a very strong business in the back half of the year and going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead. We'll go on to the next question from Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan Avendano: I guess, can you give us a quantitative update on your current level of capacity utilization in Safety Assessment? What you define as full? And how does it compare to the last couple of years?
Jim Foster: Yes. Capacity utilization is we have good flexibility and in a good place. Citox, we picked up a bunch of new sites, where we have some capacity. We still have a substantial amount of capacity from the MPI deal, that's a big site in Michigan, which gives us enormous amount of flexibility to bring studies in there as long as we have the staff. And in 2019, as we have in the prior five or six years, we've added incremental modest incremental space at multiple sites, let's say five or six sites at once.So we definitely have sufficient capacity to take on the work. Our headcount is in a good place. As you recall, we worked really hard in 2018 and 2019 to get our staffing hired and trained, so that we could accommodate an increase in work, we're in a really good place right now, overtime is low; turnover is low; people are well-trained and actually happy to have not only happy to have jobs, but proud to be working in this environment on work generally and specifically with COVID. So our definition has never really changed.Full capacity utilization is kind of in the low-80s. I'm not going to give you an exact number, it would not be useful, except that we're essentially very efficient. You can see that in the margin accretion in the first quarter. So we've been able to add capacity slightly ahead of where we need it, which we have done and will continue to do. And then we have kind of this Mattawan facility, which is kind of our ace in the hole, because it's so large, and we do provide so many different services there, that we can accommodate a lot of clients' demands. So capacity is in a good place.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Layenne: This is Dan Layenne on for Dave. Can you hear me? I don't know if I was on mute earlier. Okay. Great. I just want to say congrats on the quarter. My question is, you put through a rate increase in 2018 because of a somewhat tight labor market, does the spike in unemployment change that dynamic? And when will the cost savings need to be reinstated?
Jim Foster: So I don't think it changes the dynamic. I'm not really sure what you mean. We certainly feel that we're paying people well. So we don't feel that we have the need to do anything additionally. We certainly don't want to pay people less because the economy is difficult. So I think we're in a good place, as I said a moment ago, from a staffing point of view.From a turnover point of view, I think the economy has, generally helps with that. But in the locales where we needed to catch up, we did catch up well. And we're going to stay more vigilant on just testing the local markets, because demand changes from time to time from a competitive point of view, depending on who else is hiring folks. So that should not be an issue for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Erin Wright: Just one quick one here on your Manufacturing. I just want to ask about the relative resiliency across the Manufacturing segment? I guess, what parts of that business are inherently more or less immune or insulated to the COVID environment?
Jim Foster: So manufacturing has been relatively unscathed, those three pieces, and we're providing products and services related to our clients, principally producing drugs and vaccines and, to some extent, sterile products. So I would say, it's pretty clear that Manufacturing is happening, in some ways, in a more robust fashion than pre-COVID. I mean lots of drugs are being manufactured. Lots of new drugs will be manufactured to be tested in the clinic for COVID, and hopefully, to get into the market in the fall, both vaccines and drugs.So I think we'll see, worst-case, sort of a continued demand and potentially an intensified demand for manufacturing for our manufacturing products and services, that business has held up really well in the first quarter. We're anticipating relatively unscathed by this going forward. The work that we do is essential to products being released to go into the clinic, and products that have been manufactured to go into the market for sale to patients can't be released until we do the testing on them. So it's a really critical sort of FDA-required aspect of the whole drug development and delivery paradigm.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, I was hoping to get a little color just on safety assessment. I think the DSA, you guys have talked about mid-single-digit-plus for the year, and you qualified it as a modest impact, but yet it sounds like after Q2, it sounds like you're expecting a pretty sharp recovery. So I'm just wondering, is that mid-single-digit-plus? Is that you also mentioned with your guidance it likely has a bit of a quasi conservative element. So should we characterize that area as conservative? Just kind of maybe clarify some of the commentary on DSA?
Jim Foster: So what we said was at least mid-single digits, so we were pretty clear about that comment. It's obviously a segment that's been in the high single digits, so it will be lower. It would be great if it would be higher than that. But we're guiding exactly to that language. I don't think I said that our guidance is conservative. We always try to have our guidance be realistic based upon what we see in here and what we predict for the rest of the year. I did say that it's kind of a patchwork of, obviously, different businesses and different geographies, which will be impacted more or less. The challenge with this situation is obviously that the there's not a lot of historical guideposts here.So we don't know how this virus will continue to develop or not. And we don't know exactly what the impact will be on us. We know what we think and we know what our clients are telling us. So yes, so you could apply the word conservatism, only I would use a different word, which is that there's a fair amount of unknowns. But we as we stand here today, we have a high level of confidence in our guidance. We obviously hope it's better, but we're not going to guide to that. So I wouldn't read too much into it. If we deliver mid-single digits in DSA, we'll be quite pleased with that.
Dan Brennan: Great. And maybe one follow-up. Just clinical peers, kind of a topic a lot of folks have latched onto is the percentage of sites that are affected today and how that potentially could progress throughout the year as maybe a signpost toward the rate of acceleration or kind of the pickup in revenue growth. So for your businesses, obviously you're talking to hundreds of customers a week, you have deans of a university on your Board. Absent us digging in with customer calls, like what are some of the signposts you think we can watch to kind of assess kind of the pace of recovery? Obviously, biotech funding is critical, so that's something we'll all watch. But if we're thinking about research models and DSA, what are some of the things you think we should be looking at?
Jim Foster: Yes. I mean, just the dialogue around the reopening of major academic institutions in the U.S. and Europe and the reopening of some of the smaller biotech companies, many of which closed for short periods of time and some of the big pharma sites as well. So there clearly will be announcements of that, particularly on the academic side. Yes. I mean, you can watch biotech funding, and then funding comes in from a bunch of different sources. First quarter was really strong. VC funding continues to be strong. IPOs are slowly coming back.Pharma will continue to bank biotech companies as they always have. And I would imagine, as the at least the U.S. economy gets has a take on how this COVID situation will develop and/or it continues to see the biotech companies distinguish themselves developing drugs for COVID and other diseases that I think that continues to be one of the few places to put your money if you're an investor that has a likely positive outcome. So those are indices that are easy to watch, and I think should give you comfort in the demand curve for our portfolio.
Todd Spencer: Excellent. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to meeting with you at several virtual investor conferences this spring. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.Id now turn the conference call over to your host Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Todd Spencer. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2019 earnings and 2020 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2019 and our guidance for 2020. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which will be posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 866-207-1041. The international access number is 402-970-0847. The access code in either case is 8093484. The replay will be available through February 25. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website.Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may vary materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements.During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link.I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Im very pleased to speak with you today about the conclusion of another excellent year for Charles River, our expectations for 2020 and the accomplishments weve made and expect to make as we execute our strategy to achieve our financial targets. We believe the strong finish to 2019 demonstrates what weve worked hard to achieve, the breadth of our leading early stage portfolio, which more fully supports the discovery, nonclinical development and safe manufacturer of new therapies for the treatment of disease; the deep relationships we forged with our clients, both large and small, by leveraging our flexible and efficient outsourcing model; investments weve made in our scientific capabilities and in the necessary staff and capacity to ensure that we could meet the needs of our clients; and our greater operating efficiency, which has enabled us to improve speed and responsiveness to clients while generating margin expansion.The success of these efforts was evident not only in our outstanding financial performance but also in the fact that we worked on 85% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2019. This is an accomplishment few CROs can claim and we believe is a testament to the value that our clients place on our contribution to their research efforts.Let me now give you the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance. We reported revenue of $691.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of 14.9% on a reported basis. Broad-based growth in all three segments resulted in organic revenue growth of 7.4%, with the largest contribution coming from the DSA segment.For 2019, revenue was $2.62 billion, with a reported growth rate of 15.7% and an organic growth rate of 8.5%. The organic growth rate was consistent with the 8.7% reported in 2018and both years were firmly within the high single-digit range, which is our goal for the next two years. From a client perspective, biotech clients were our fastest-growing client segment in both the quarter and the year as they benefited from the third strongest year of funding from the capital markets and VCs.The operating margin was 21.4% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 110 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by the DSA segment. This marks the second consecutive quarter that the consolidated operating margin has improved year-over-year. As a result of the second half margin expansion, the 2019 full year operating margin improved by 20 basis points to 19%. Were very pleased with the fourth quarter and full year margin performance as it demonstrates our ability to leverage the investments that we have made in staff, capacity and infrastructure to accommodate the robust growth in a more scalable and efficient manner and also provides a clear line of sight to our 20% goal for the full year 2021. With more balanced investments ahead, coupled with our continued focus on driving greater efficiency, we expect to make meaningful progress towards our 20% two-year target in 2020.Earnings per share were $2.01 for the fourth quarter, an increase of 26.4% from $1.59 in the fourth quarter of 2018. For the full year, earnings per share were $6.73, a 16% increase over the prior year. We exceeded our prior guidance range of $6.50 to $6.60 due primarily to the robust revenue growth and operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter. We believe our 2019 performance thoroughly demonstrates the successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the early-stage research partner of choice for our valued clients and that the pace of demand from these clients continues to be robust.Our exceptional market position, the strategic expansion of our unique portfolio and the ongoing enhancement of our culture of continuous improvement give us added confidence in our 2020 guidance. Revenue growth in 2020 is expected to be in a range from 13% to 14.5% on a reported basis and 7.75% to 8.75% on an organic basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $7.45 to $7.60 or an increase of 10.5% to 13% over last year. These metrics meet our long-term targets of high single-digit organic revenue growth and earnings per share growth at least in the low double digits. Id like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance and our expectations for 2020 beginning with the RMS segment.RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $131.3 million, an increase of 2.8% on an organic basis. For the year, RMS organic revenue was 5.2%. We anniversaried the commencement of the insourcing solutions contract with NIAID in September, which resulted in the expected reduction from the mid single-digit growth rate that we had recorded earlier in 2019. Aside from the NIAID anniversary, fourth quarter RMS growth was largely driven by similar trends that characterized the first three quarters of the year, robust demand for research models in China and solid growth through research model services partially offset by lower sales growth for research models outside of China. In 2020, we believe that the RMS segment will perform in line with its two-year target of low to mid single-digit organic growth.The services businesses continued to be a consistent source of revenue growth. Even without the year-over-year benefit from NIAID contract, the insourcing solutions business, or IS, continued to perform very well as clients increasingly adopted flexible models to enhance the operational efficiency of their vivarium management and research efforts. We were awarded new NIH contracts, and while collectively smaller than NIAID, they also drove revenue growth. In 2020, these contract awards will be offset partially by the completion of an IS contract in China.Were gaining traction with our new biopharma clients through our CRADL initiative, which provides both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity in the Boston, Cambridge and South San Francisco biohubs. The South San Francisco CRADL lab opened in January, and has already received very favorable client feedback with a number of clients occupying the space and more committed to it. Through both unique models like CRADL and more traditional in-sourced staffing arrangements, IS has become an important partner for clients who need this type of support for the research programs.Our research models business in China, which represents slightly less than 10% of RMS revenue, had another strong quarter and has continued to deliver double-digit revenue growth annually since the business was acquired in 2013. There is substantial demand for our high-quality models in this rapidly emerging biomedical research market, which we support through continued expansion within China.Overall, expanding our presence supports our goals of market leadership and achieving a market share in China similar to that in Western markets. With respect to the coronavirus outbreak in China, we are closely monitoring the situation but, at this juncture, have only forecast a small financial impact in the first quarter. At this time, we do not believe that there will be a material impact from the restrictions on the transport of research models within and out of China because we believe that we can offset most of the potential impact through other sources.Research models remain an essential regulatory required scientific tool for early-stage research and toxicology and a vital component of our portfolio to support our clients and our own DSA segment, which remains the largest client of our research models business. Researchers view our broad portfolio of high-quality, scientifically defined research models and our exceptional client service as the foundation from which they can discover new molecules.To expand our portfolio of foundational research tools and enhance RMS long-term growth profile, in January, we completed the acquisition of HemaCare, a premier provider of human-derived cellular products that are used as critical inputs throughout the cell therapy development and manufacturing process. Combined with our integrated early stage portfolio of discovery, safety assessment and manufacturing support services, the addition of HemaCare creates a unique, comprehensive solution that enables clients to work with one scientific partner from the earliest stages of their cell therapy programs and iteratively throughout the research process in order to accelerate their speed to market. We believe HemaCare will lead more clients to start this cell therapy discovery programs at Charles River and remain with us.In addition to enhancing client retention, the acquisition increases our exposure to high-growth cell therapy market. HemaCare is expected to drive profitable revenue growth with estimated growth of at least 30% annually over the next five years. The RMS operating margin declined by 50 basis points year-over-year to 24.6% in the fourth quarter primarily driven by the research models business outside of China. We strive to offset the impact of the volume declines in mature markets with our ongoing efficiency initiatives aimed at optimizing productivity and reducing the RMS cost structure. Through these efforts, our goal is to maintain the RMS operating margin above 25% as we did in 2019 at 26.2% and intend to do so in 2020.DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $439.2 million, a 9.4% increase on an organic basis with both Discovery and Safety Assessment business is performing very well. For the full year, DSA organic revenue growth was 9.1%, firmly achieving our high single-digit segment outlook for the sixth consecutive year. Backlog and bookings in both businesses remained strong in the fourth quarter, reinforcing our expectation that the DSA segment is well positioned to generate high single-digit organic growth again in 2020. Biotech clients continue to drive revenue growth in 2019, demonstrating that these small and midsized clients remain laser-focused on innovation and moving their programs forward and are largely unaffected by short-term fluctuations in the funding environment because its estimated that they have three to four years of cash on hand.Clients continue to choose our flexible and efficient outsourcing model for early-stage drug development in lieu of maintaining the in-house expertise. The Discovery business had an exceptional quarter and a strong year, with broad-based growth across the majority of its business lines. Our continuing efforts to build scientific expertise for the discovery of novel therapeutics to create targeted and flexible sales strategies and to harmonize the discovery portfolio have proven to be successful. We have enhanced our scientific capabilities across our clients major therapeutic areas of focus, from oncology to  and CNS to rare diseases. Our ability to work with clients for a single project for an integrated program and to structure flexible relationships to meet their specific outsourcing needs is resonating with clients and has led to a number of new business opportunities recently, including the Takeda collaboration.In order to accommodate our clients diverse outsourcing needs, we will continue to strengthen our discovery toolkit through our partnering strategy. Our partnerships with BitBio to expand our translational drug discovery platform related to stem cells and with Fios Genomics to provide bioinformatics expertise are two recent examples of the continued expansion of our discovery portfolio. And our exclusive partnership with Distributed Bio, which commenced in October 2018, enhances our large molecule discovery capabilities and fills a gap in our portfolio. It has continued to perform very well as our collaborative offering is gaining traction with our clients.We firmly believe our unique ability to serve as a single source partner to support our clients early-stage research needs will continue to attract new discovery business opportunities and further incentivize clients to stay with us into safety assessment. Our Safety Assessment business had a strong quarter with balanced growth driven primarily by higher study volume and increased pricing. These factors, coupled with the acquisition of Citoxlab resulted in another strong year for the Safety Assessment business.Citoxlab continued to perform very well with all major integration milestones remaining on track and its financial performance exceeding the acquisition plan after a strong fourth quarter. Citoxlab, as well as the acquisitions of MPI Research in 2018 and WIL Research in 2016, have meaningfully enhanced our leading position in the safety assessment market and solidified our scientific capabilities and global scale, allowing us to fully support our clients early-stage development needs. We are pleased with the extensive depth and breadth of our Safety Assessment portfolio and remain intently focused on continuing to enhance the business and value we provide to our clients.In addition to M&A, we are evaluating opportunities to add new niche capabilities, both through internal investment and through our partnership strategy. We believe that our focus on broadening our portfolio, our scientific capabilities and our global scale over the past several years have further differentiated Charles River from the competition and positioned us very well for 2020 as the partner of choice for our clients broad safety assessment needs.The DSA operating margin was 25.6% in the fourth quarter, a 240 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter of 2018driven by both the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. The robust margin performance reflects greater leverage of top line growth, now that staffing levels are appropriately balanced with client demand. We continue to hire in 2020 to accommodate increasing demand but expect to do so at a more measured pace than in recent years. The margin increase also reflects our continued focus on operating efficiency as well as some improvement in Citoxlabs operating margin. Citoxlabs margin is expected to continue to improve in 2020 primarily through the attainment of incremental synergies.In 2020, we expect all of these factors to contribute to meaningful progress towards our two-year target of a mid-20% operating margin. Manufacturing Support revenue was $120.6 million for the fourth quarter with growth rate of 6.3% on an organic basis, primarily driven by robust client demand in the Biologics Testing Solutions business. The slow growth rates for the manufacturing segment in the fourth quarter was due primarily to the Microbial Solutions business and, to a lesser extent, Avian.Organic revenue growth for the year was 10.8%, in line with our low double-digit target for the segment for the year and over the longer term. As we have said in the past, our business is not linear and there can be quarterly fluctuations across our portfolio. But on an annual basis, we are confident that the manufacturing segment will continue to grow at low double-digit rate organically.Microbial Solutions revenue increased in the quarter but at a slower rate than in prior quarters. This was due principally to the timing of orders for both Endosafe and Celsis products and the availability of new systems. For the year, revenue increased at a low double-digit organic growth rate once again. Microbial Solutions is also expected to return to low double-digit growth rate after the first quarter of 2020 because the first quarter year-over-year comparison will be affected by last years large stocking order for Celsis products from our strategic partner in certain non-pharma markets. David will discuss the impact of the stocking order when he discusses our first quarter outlook.Overall, we continue to firmly believe that our ability to provide clients with a total rapid microbial testing solution, as well as the quality and accuracy of our testing platform, are key differentiators from the competition, which will lead clients to continue to choose Charles River for the critical quality-controlled testing requirements.The Biologics business reported strong revenue growth for the fourth quarter and for the full year. This performance is indicative of the sustained rapid increase in the number of biologics in development as well as new opportunities such as cell and gene therapies that continue to propel market growth in the low double digits. We have been successful at gaining business because of our extensive portfolio of services to support the safe manufacture of biologics. To accommodate robust client demand, we have invested in capacity expansions. The transition to the largest site in Pennsylvania is effectively complete. We are booking new business and continuing to ramp up utilization while working with the remaining clients who are finalizing their validation efforts. We believe this expansion and smaller ongoing expansions globally as well as our focus on adding new services to our biologics portfolio, particularly in cell and gene therapy, will support the robust growth we expect this business to generate for the foreseeable future.The Manufacturing Support segments operating margin was 37.2% in the fourth quarter, consistent with the 37.4% reported last year. We were pleased that Microbial Solutions, despite the slower growth rate in the fourth quarter, continued to benefit from the investments in process improvements that are resulting in better operating leverage for the business. The Biologics business faced headwinds from higher costs due in part to growth-related initiatives, including capacity expansions, but now that we have eliminated the duplicate costs in Pennsylvania, the manufacturing segment operating margin reached its highest level of the year.We believe we are extremely well positioned to modestly improve manufacturings full year operating margin in 2020 from the 33.9% in 2019 and to achieve our target in the mid-30% range. We continue to focus on the execution of our strategy to maintain our position as the early-stage CRO partner of choice for our clients drug research, development and manufacturing support efforts. As we look to the future, its imperative that we continue to expand our portfolio of essential products and services to enhance our ability to comprehensively support our clients drug research efforts. We intend to do so through strategic acquisitions, which is always our preferred use of capital.Our pipeline of M&A candidates remains robust, and we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities, ranging from unique research tools to discovery capabilities to manufacturing support activities. We also must stay current with new technologies and modalities for which we will increasingly utilize our partnership strategy to add innovative capabilities in cutting-edge technologies with limited upfront risk. We have also spent the past several years investing internally in capacity and staffing levels that are commensurate with growing demand while striving to enhance the scalability of the business. While we need to continue to invest, we believe that we have achieved an appropriate balance. We now have an enhanced ability to leverage top line growth and drive greater efficiency.As a result, were optimistic as we turn the page to 2020. We believe our annual guidance is achievable and our two-year targets are squarely in sight. Our strong business is delivering value to clients and to employees and to shareholders as a result of our position in robust end markets, our attractive growth profile and the incremental value that will be derived from achieving meaningful operating margin improvement over the next two years.In conclusion, Id like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment.Now, Id like David Smith to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2020 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation.My discussion this morning will focus primarily on our 2020 financial guidance. We believe that we will deliver strong revenue growth this year and achieve meaningful operating margin expansion, which gives us confidence that we are well positioned to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $7.45 and $7.60. Supported by a healthy funding environment, we expect client demand will continue to be robust. Consequently, we expect organic revenue growth this year in the range of 7.75% to 8.75% and reported revenue growth of 13% to 14.5%, both of which are consistent with our two-year revenue growth target.The trends in each of our business segments in 2020 are expected to be similar to last year. The RMS segment is expected to achieve low-to-mid single-digit organic revenue growth with HemaCare acquisition adding at least $50 million or approximately 10% to the reported RMS growth rate. In addition to the HemaCare contribution, the RMS segment is expected to benefit from robust demand for research models in China, broad-based growth in the services business from GEMS, RADS and insourcing solution and price.We expect the DSA segment to deliver high single-digit organic revenue growth based on continued strong contributions from both the Safety Assessment and Discovery Services businesses. The Manufacturing segment is expected to grow low double-digit organic revenue growth again in 2020, with both the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses driving the increase. Foreign exchange is expected to contribute 100 to 150 basis points of our reported revenue growth guidance based primarily on bank forecasts of forward rates, which are slightly more favorable than the current spot rates for most currencies.On Slide 29, we have provided information on our 2019 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rate that we are assuming for 2020. We are very pleased with the collective efforts of our businesses that have positioned us to generate profitable revenue growth and meaningful operating margin improvement. We believe that our operating margin performance in the second half of 2019 reflected our ability to leverage the scalable investments that we have made in staff, capacity and infrastructure as well as the continuing focus on operational excellence and cost management. In light of the investments over the last few years, we were very pleased that the operating margin improved in 2019 by 20 basis points to 19%. This result included a 30 basis point headwind from a number of items, including the compensation structure adjustment, Biologics capacity expansion in Pennsylvania, Citoxlab acquisition and the NIAID contract, all of which have now been largely anniversaried.Operating margin improvement will continue to be a top priority this year. For the full year, we expect to make meaningful progress towards our two-year target of a 20% operating margin. The DSA segment and leverage of unallocated corporate costs are expected to be the most significant contributors to margin improvement. The DSA operating margin is expected to make meaningful progress in 2020 towards this mid-20% target. The primary driver of the improvement is enhanced leverage of revenue growth as a result of more measured hiring, along with the attainment of incremental acquisition synergies and other operational efficiencies.The RMS and Manufacturing segments operating margins are expected to be consistent with the two-year target of above 25% and the mid-30% range, respectively. While HemaCare has an operating margin that is moderately below the RMS segment average, it will not prevent us from achieving our RMS margin target as we expect this headwind will be offset by RMS operational efficiency. The Manufacturing segments operating margin will benefit primarily from the elimination of duplicate costs from the Biologics expansion in Pennsylvania and the continued ramp-up of that site.Unallocated corporate expenses in 2020 are expected to be approximately 5.5% of revenue compared to 6% of revenue last year. We have successfully reduced these costs by approximately 50 basis points per year from a peak of 7.5% in 2016 as a result of investments that we have made to build a more scalable infrastructure to leverage growth.Total adjusted net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $78 million to $80 million compared to $67 million in 2019. The increase will be driven by higher average debt balances in 2020, resulting from our recent acquisitions, including HemaCare in January, as well as a higher blended interest rate primarily associated with the issuance of $500 million of senior notes last October. As a reminder, adjusted net interest expense is calculated as the net of interest expense, interest income, and an FX adjustment related to forward FX contracts recorded in other income.We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and, as always, intend to provide capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation, followed by debt repayment. Our gross leverage ratio was 2.76 times at the end of 2019, below three times as anticipated when we acquired Citoxlab last April. The pro forma leverage ratio increased to modestly above three times following the January acquisition of HemaCare. Absent any acquisitions, we will continue to repay debt and work towards our preferred leverage target of below three times. Currently, we do not intend to repurchase any shares in 2020 and expect to exit the year with our diluted share count slightly more than 50 million shares.The non-GAAP tax rate for 2020 is expected to be in the range of 22% to 23.5%, which is slightly higher than the 2019 tax rate of 22% as a result of discrete tax benefits in 2019 that are not expected to recur this year. As a reminder, the first quarter tax rate has been meaningfully lower in recent years due primarily to the excess tax benefits related to stock compensation. Given our current stock price, we also expect this to be true in 2020, resulting in a non-GAAP tax rate in the mid to high teens in the first quarter.In addition to driving profitable revenue growth, free cash flow generation is a key measure of our financial performance. In 2019, free cash flow was $340.4 million, an increase of $39.3 million or 13% from 2018 and well above our full year guidance. The increase was due to the strong underlying operating performance of our businesses, along with our continued focus on working capital management.Capital expenditures were $140.5 million or 5.4% of revenue in 2019 and essentially unchanged from 2018. For 2020, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $350 million to $360 million representing a mid-single-digit increase year-over-year. Included in this outlook is a cash headwind of approximately $15 million primarily associated with pension-related payments that we will incur in 2020. Adjusted for this headwind, free cash flow would increase at a high single-digit rate. Capital expenditures this year are expected to total approximately $150 million comprised primarily of capital projects in many of our businesses to support continued growth as well as for the capital requirements of recently acquired businesses.A summary of our 2020 financial guidance can be found on Slide 38. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2020, our outlook includes year-over-year revenue growth in the mid-teens on a reported basis. Organic revenue growth will be affected by the compensation to last years large Microbial Solutions stocking order that Jim mentioned, which is expected to be more than a 500 basis point headwind to the manufacturing growth rate and approximate 100 basis point headwind to the consolidated growth rate.In addition, we have currently forecast only a small impact from the coronavirus to our RMS China business in the first quarter, but we will continue to monitor the situation closely. As a reminder, China represents slightly less than 10% of RMS revenue. Both of these headwinds will limit our operating margin improvement in the first quarter when compared to the prior year. In addition, the operating margin is typically at its lowest point of the year in the first quarter due to the seasonality in the biologics business and fringe costs. These headwinds, combined with the first quarter tax rate in the mid to high teens, are expected to result in low double-digit earnings per share growth in the first quarter from $1.40 last year.In conclusion, we are very pleased with our financial performance in 2019 and believe that we are well positioned to have another strong year in 2020. We are confident in our ability to consistently grow revenue, earnings and cash flow as well as to achieve our targets of high single-digit organic revenue growth and an operating margin of 20% for the full year 2021. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Congrats on the nice outlook. Question on microbials. You made a couple of comments about the timing of orders. I was curious if youre really focused more on prior year demand comparisons or maybe just some sluggishness in 4Q development for whatever reason?And then secondarily, the availability of new systems was brought up a couple of times. Im hoping you can dig into exactly what youre speaking about, about the availability and the issues youve had there, if any, and when those might be resolved. Thanks so much.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, I guess, to start, we continue to be pleased with the growth rate of that business and it grew at double digits for 2019. Well grow it double digits for 2020 and its essentially growing at double digits since weve owned it. And were constantly talking about the nonlinearity of our businesses pretty much in every call. So, I want to remind you again on this one. So nothing really unusual. Its the way the orders fell. Were constantly upgrading our systems in terms of new generations of both hardware and software, staying multiple generations ahead of the competition. And sometimes, you dont have that right in terms of having  put something new in the marketplace and people will wait for that. So therell be harmony between new products and software, new hardware and software in 2020 and going forward. It was a bit out of sync, and its tough to sort of predict what systems people will buy when, if we had a stronger third quarter, for instance.So, nothing particularly unusual. Its just the continued cadence of the business and continued innovation of the business and continue to really enhance the systems we have out in the marketplace based upon feedback and input from our clients, who are using them.
Operator: We will next go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Go ahead, please. [Operator Instructions] One moment, please. And Mr. Peterson, your line should be open now.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thanks. Jim, Ill start with HemaCare. You talked at our conference about the opportunity to drive more clients to start cell therapy discovery program. So, can you talk a little bit about cross-selling? I think you said that you can tap at about 75% of the cell therapy market. Is there an opportunity to expand that? Is there an opportunity to do additional M&A around HemaCare? And then overall, for cell and gene therapy or expanded capacity, can you just talk a little bit about the incremental capacity adds and how we think about that in the context of the margin targets?
Jim Foster: Sure. We are really thrilled with this deal. I was just visiting the location. Its a really great and enthused management team. The technology is terrific and the demand is meeting our expectations. The terrific sales organization, which is being enhanced by the Charles River sales organization, whos out with a bunch of clients that they wouldnt otherwise have previously accessed. The continuity and ability to hand off cell therapy drugs from product and service within the Charles River portfolio is really, really powerful and not something anybody else can do. And I think we reported that we have about between $140 million and $160 million worth of revenue in this space. Its obviously going to increase dramatically. HemaCare is going to grow at least at least 30%. Itll be terrific for the research models segment but also really expand the initiation of so much of this work, whether its an R&D process improvement or manufacturing with clients, who are in this space who can count on us. And like all clients, theyre always going to rush to market, and the ability not to have to find new providers of particular products or services in this space will be quite powerful.Were enhancing our portfolio of assays in our biologics business. We have capabilities in our microbial business to test these products. We have special immunocompromised animal models in the research model business. And of course, were going to do these combination studies between Discovery and Safety which will be powerful as well. So, its a wonderful fit in our portfolio. It enhances it nicely. Like a lot of other things that weve been doing in the Discovery space, in particular, gets us to start really early with the clients. There are other acquisitions in the cell and also in the gene therapy space, both on the product and the service side that we are pursuing at various stages. Were thinking about geographic expansion of this business. The capacity they have right now is a California-based operation. The capacity they have right now in California is relatively new and will help them grow in that locale for a while, but we want to take advantage of other locations. So, were seriously pursuing that. I think Ill stay away from the specifics of exactly where that is.
Operator: We will move now to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: Question. I guess, just on DSA and probably more specifically, on Safety Assessment. Jim, you talked about Citoxlab being largely integrated at this point. Obviously, you guys have successfully integrated a few other large deals in the last few years in that space. I was wondering if maybe you could comment just on where youre running today from a capacity standpoint. And then as it relates to that, on the margin side, you guys feel very confident about the mid-20s operating margin target but it seems like your  I know theres some seasonality. It seems like youre getting pretty close to that already. So just was hoping maybe you could just talk about capacity and then the path and how comfortable you are with getting to that 25% or mid-20s and maybe beyond.
Jim Foster: Sure. As a general proposition, capacity is well utilized pretty much across the board. And having said that, we have, and well continue to add, strategic amounts of space at multiple facilities pretty much simultaneously because we cant drive all of our clients to a particular site. So we want them to be able to have the benefit of proximity and the specialization services at certain of our sites. Having said that, we still have a meaningful amount of space at our MPI site, which is a very large building. We had the space when we bought that site. Were continuing to fill it up, but we have that additional lever to be able to open runs that are already built out, which were very happy to have.We also have some small amount of space, available space that came with the CiTox deal. So between those two locations, and remember, CiTox has big locations in France and Canada and smaller ones in other parts of Europe. So the geographic dispersion is very powerful. The margins for WIL, which were in the mid-teens, have been improving. The margins for Citoxlab will continue to improve in that business. We will continue to get price and volume, and we hope the mix between specialty and general tox is favorable, so that should continue to drive margins, certainly in the mid-20s and longer. Maybe David wants to say some more about margins.
David Smith: Well, weve been talking about Safety Assessment or DSA being the most important driver for getting Charles River to the 20% target that weve committed to getting to for the end of next year, along with unallocated corporate costs. But DSA, yes, thats a key driver for getting there and weve been signaling that for a while. Its pleasing to see the second half results for DSA coming in the way that we had signaled. I know youre talking about  you mentioned on the call that were kind of at the mid-20s, we have for quarter four. But for the full year, were still at 22%. So, theres still some opportunities available to us to continue to grow that DSA segment up to the mid-20s for a full year basis, and thats how well see the Charles River performance get to the 20%.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Meehan from Barclays. Go ahead, please.
Jack Meehan: Yes, thank you. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. I wanted to stick with the DSA topic. I was hoping you could just comment a little bit more on the Discovery side. In the deck, I think you called it out as having an exceptional quarter. I was wondering just if you look at the third quarter growth relative to the fourth quarter step-up on both organic and margins, how much did Discovery contribute to that versus kind of the base Safety Assessment progress?
Jim Foster: If youll bear with us, were going to not peel that onion back too much. We want  we look at the DSA segment as a continuum and we want you to do that as well. So, our guide is about high single-digit top line growth, and operating margin getting to the mid-20s is the composite. I would say that Discovery is the aggregation of several acquisitions, most small, one sort of medium size. We bought all of those businesses with the goal and assumption that they could grow it at least low double digits. And we bought them with the assumption that they would have at least a 20% operating margin. So, I think all I would say is theyre continuing to move in that direction. And both the margins have been improving and the top line growth has been improving. Weve been particularly pleased for the last couple of years with our Early Discovery business, which is a larger piece and sort of one of the things that really crystallized and solidified the Discovery strategy for us starting very, very early with the clients.So, were seeing some nice, nice growth rate there. I think weve also called out an oncology franchise throughout the year. Obviously, given the significant amount of investment by our clients in cancer, we should and are the beneficiaries of that. So, were very pleased with Discovery, pleased that 20% of those clients are also doing Safety with us, that will only be enhanced and continue to be improved. And were seeing some nice pull-through from one service offering to another. Were also seeing Integrated Discovery, Complex Integrated Discovery deals across multiple sites that are getting some traction.
Operator: Well go now to the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Go ahead, please.
David Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Good morning, congratulations. I wanted to also focus on Discovery, but more around the longer-term build-out of that business. Jim, weve certainly watched the company be very acquisitive in Safety Assessment. As you said, youve built Discovery by a lot of mostly small acquisitions. Youve laid out a path of kind of a commitment to acquire another $1 billion of revenue. And I think I or maybe many of us think that Discovery is maybe a logical place for that to happen. Is that right? Do you think there are  is the path another or a continuing series of relatively small acquisitions? Its my sense that thats probably whats out there. And then how does that influence or how does your desire to get to the mid20s margin on a full year basis influence what youre willing to buy between now and the end of 2021?
Jim Foster: Yes. So, I would say that Discovery is an area of focus for M&A. Its not  certainly not the only one. We have opportunities in RMS and we have opportunities across other parts of the portfolio as well, including Biologics and Microbial. So its a robust marketplace for us to look at deals, many of which are private equity owned. So, theyre sort of always for sale, just depending on the timing and the price. So, there are some straight-up Discovery opportunities that were looking at, we are interested in adding to our therapeutic area of capabilities, and were interested in other services in Discovery. What you should pay attention to are the technology deals that we have been and will continue to announce. So just to reiterate, the strategy there, we need to be, if not cutting-edge, close to it. And its very hard to assess the strength of all of these new technologies and to place bets.So, to enhance the probability that the bets that we place are successful, were making small equity investments or providing some debt financing to a host of companies, primarily in the Discovery space. We have large molecule discovery. We have an AI deal. We have a  we have a bioinformatics deal and several others and several more in conversation. And so typically, the structure of the deal will be for us to be a sales and marketing partner for these companies, which will allow us to interface with the clients and get direct feedback on how responsive they are and whether the science is really as good as the companies say they are. In certain instances, we will prenegotiate buyouts at a predetermined price. So with a certain point in time, we can buy the companies if we want.So as Ive said previously, if we have a portfolio of, lets say, a dozen companies, maybe three or four, well just stop working with, because they didnt look very good. Maybe three or four, but they wont want to buy, they wont want to sell, and well continue to work with them and offer their services or occasionally products and several of them, perhaps also three or four, well acquire. So its, I think, a much more thoughtful and low-risk way of continuing to buy additional services in the Discovery space. So were thrilled with the  with regard to your question about the margins. Theyre going to have margins all over the place. So, well try not to buy anything that provides too much of a headwind. Having said that, some of them will be small and some of them will have lower margins, but we wont do the deal unless we think we can get at least the 20% or higher. So, its a very good pipeline right now. Were quite active in the things were looking at and they will just continue to enhance and distinguish the portfolio from a competitive point of view and provide a greater ability to service our clients in a more holistic fashion.
David Windley: Great. thank you.
Operator: And for our next question, well go to John Kreger from William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Can we go back to your remarks about China? Its encouraging that it doesnt sound like its going to be that big of an impact. Curious, you said its close to 10% of your RMS business. What about the rest of the portfolio? And then, I guess, a quick follow-on to that. Do you expect any weakness to sort of bleed into the second quarter? Do you think its just kind of an isolated first quarter impact? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Were closely monitoring the impact and relative to movement of animals and people in and out of China. So, we feel quite confident that there will only be a small impact in the first quarter. Since its kind of an evolving situation day to day, I think its kind of dangerous for us to predict the impact on the balance of the year. Having said that, the sort of issues that we think could impact us, we think that we backstopped them pretty well so far and we think that we will be able to backstop them in a way that it doesnt impact or adversely impact our forecast. I would say that  I dont know, we havent said this in a while, but we always have a meaningful contingency in our operating plan that can cover a whole host of things. Most of the things we intend to cover are things that have happened in the business from time to time. And while we dont expect them, we know that theyre always out there. And then when you think of things like big pharma mergers that could have an adverse impact on the business and just things beyond our control.So, this certainly falls into the category of things beyond our control. Well manage our activities in China as best as possible. I think were a very important part of the drug development and discovery paradigm in China. Were very interested in making sure that our colleagues and clients are healthy. And we hope to be able to work with some of our clients to  as they begin the search for vaccines. So we feel that its a manageable situation for us with what we know right now. And I think your first question was what other parts of the business does it impact. We have a very successful but rather small microbial detection business in China that weve had for years. Thats in our forecast thinking about having only a very small impact in the first quarter that we think is quite manageable from a guidance point of view.
John Kreger: Thanks much.
Operator: For our next question, well go to Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Go ahead, please.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks. Jim, maybe just at a high level, you guys obviously have a pretty comprehensive view of the biotech funding environment. Can you just update us on what youre seeing there? Obviously, the guidance seems to suggest a pretty high level of confidence, but I just wanted to get your view of the overall funding environment as we head into 2020 here.
Jim Foster: Sure. It was the third best year in the history of biotech, and in and of itself, just a lot of money went into  directly into the biotech companies. So I think thats a commentary on the strength of the businesses, the success rates, the number of IPOs, the number of companies that are being sold and just the new modalities to treat diseases, which are working. So these are places that invest, these are companies in which investors want to place bets, because the companies are providing a really nice returns. So, we think they have at least three or four years of cash in the bank, more money coming in from the capital markets, more money coming in directly into the VC funds, which seem to have accelerated the historical five year  five to seven-year fundraises seem to be two to three years.So, they have a whole bunch of companies to either create or to finance right off the bat. So  and you also have money, for sure, coming directly from big pharma directly into biotech because they become the discovery engine. So, we dont hear our biotech clients talk about any concern about funding either presently or in the future. They seem to be busy at work and have pretty full pipelines and we would expect that certainly to continue strongly through 2020. And we look at the year and look at the world in five-year increments because we do a five-year strategic plan, then we would expect that funding would remain strong throughout that time frame.
Patrick Donnelly: Appreciate it.
Operator: Well move now to the line of Dan Brennan with UBS. go ahead, please.
Dan Brennan: Great, thank you. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to go back to the HemaCare deal. So, you just closed this not too long ago. I just wanted a little flavor, Jim, from you in terms of whats been some of the earlier  early customer feedback that youre receiving. And then more broadly, as you look at this opportunity, I think youve talked about filling in some adjacencies. And how should we think about the opportunity around HemaCare to build out your exposure in this market? Thanks.
Jim Foster: So, customer feedback to us acquiring the company has been extremely positive because it gives them, I dont know, it gives greater  gives HemaCare greater context. It gives HemaCare a greater sales ability, technical ability, ability to expand geographically and have a more professional back office, et cetera. And when I say context, its part of a large portfolio where we already do a significant amount of work in cell and gene therapy in the cell therapy space. I happen to  the day that I was there, theyre largest client happened to be there. And I dont think he was just saying this, because we had just acquired the company. But this wasnt a brand-new company. Its been around for about 15 years. And this was the founder, and he said to me that he would not have been able to grow his company at all without HemaCare.His reliance on the quality of these cellular products was everything and he couldnt rely on anybody else. And he was very happy that we were involved, and then he was hoping that we would maintain, if not enhance, the quality of the company. So, we feel really good about the asset that we bought. We feel really good about its ability to enhance our portfolio. As I said earlier, we do have several other acquisition opportunities squarely in the cell therapy product arena and also service arena. And also, were looking at gene therapy as well. We want to be able to support clients. There are so many INDs that have been filed by so many companies in this space, who all need outside resources to develop their drugs, because most of them are biotech companies that dont have internal capabilities.So, our ability to do all of this work is really a necessity for these companies. So we take our responsibility seriously. Were going to continue to add to and enhance our own infrastructure while, hopefully, acquiring additional companies in the space so we can provide the core tools for them to do cell and gene therapy, both discovery and scale-up and, ultimately, manufacturing the products to go into the clinic.
Operator: We have a question in queue from the line of  one moment, please, while we  having some difficulty. Okay. We have a question here from the line of Donald Hooker with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Donald Hooker: Great. Good morning. I wanted to sort of hear a little bit more context around your progress in the IS-based in-sourcing solutions space within the RMS segment. You commented that there would be a large contract in China rolling off, offset by some new wins in the U.S. with the government. Just maybe, given you had a huge deal last year, is there any way to kind of size this, contextualize this for us in terms of ebbs and flows there? And would love to hear your general commentary around  do you see like any kind of turning point with clients with regards to the service?
Jim Foster: Yes. Thanks for that question. Its a successful service offering that we dont get to talk about that much on these calls, which is growing quite nicely around the world. Its not just a U.S. phenomenon. We do it everywhere that we do business. Its this taking off  taking the management to these complex laboratory and animal facilities off of the clients hands, the clients that already have them, and the client could be, obviously, the government an academic institution, biotech or pharma. We never literally sized this business, but its a meaningful business, its growing nicely. It has some great opportunities. It has good legs.So, while the NIAID contract was particularly large, there are other government contracts of significant size, and we signed several during 2019. Also, this CRADL initiative, so we have this sort of incubator space in Cambridge, Mass, where clients go and we house their animals for them and we either can do the work for them or with them or they can just simply come in and use their space. Obviously, youve got this huge concentration of biotech and pharma companies in Cambridge, and the space is really well utilized. The growth rates are terrific and the margins are terrific as well. Weve opened another one of these facilities just in South San Francisco. We should have the same uptick and were considering, on a longer-term basis, opening additional of these CRADL facilities in other strong geographies where theres a big concentration of biotech companies. I do think, as Ive said, historically, I dont want you to overread this, but theres no reason why the big pharma companies that have these big facilities and big staffs to do this work in some of the big biotech companies dont outsource the work to us in the same way that theyve outsourced much of Safety and, increasingly, Discovery.We can run these facilities more efficiently, reduce the cost and I think, enhance the science. So, we have felt for a long time that this business could pop for us. It hasnt, so which is  I dont want you to overread it. But while it hasnt popped, its growing very nicely and the constituent puts and pieces coming together in a meaningful way. So, this will continue to be an important business for us, particularly as large clients have to look at their cost structures in more aggressive ways and get comfortable outsourcing it.
David Smith: And if I heard your question right, just a clarification. I think you described it as a large China contract that was running off, partially offset by the U.S. contract. Its actually the other way around. The contract that we have won in the U.S. is larger, and therefore, its been partially offset by the Chinese contract that is being completed.
Operator: Well move on to the line of Elizabeth Anderson. Just one moment while we open your lines. And Mr. Anderson with Evercore ISI, your line is open.
Elizabeth Anderson: Hi, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter. I had a specific question about the Biologics capacity buildout. You mentioned, obviously, that youre sort of finished with the duplicate costs, but how do you see the capacity filling up over the course of maybe 2020?
Jim Foster: Yes. So, Biologics had a really nice, nice growth rate in 2019, notwithstanding the fact that I would say we were slightly capacity-constrained. So, demand is fabulous. Theres just a whole cadre new biologics being developed, pretty competitive business for us, but all of the competitors are doing well, because theres so much work. We have a broader geographic portfolio than the competition. So, we added small amounts of space at several of our sites that werent in the U.S. And we added this very, very large facility in Pennsylvania, which  thats where we had the duplicate costs and which have now run off and were largely using the space. That building in Pennsylvania is going to give us sort of three, maybe five  three to five years of incremental growth capacity there. I hope its three and not five. I do think the uptake will be  well, could be significant. We added a lot of  we added some capacity to a German operation of ours, which is quite large and really, really good science. And we have some space there, but that should be taken up quickly as well.So well probably have to continue to add capacity. Certainly, nothing meaningful in 2020, but the having sufficient capacity and getting new assays up and running, particularly in areas like cell and gene therapy, are absolutely essential to continuing to grow this business at the growth rate that we think the market will drive us to. So feeling very good about where we stand, having gotten the new Pennsylvania facility in a good place as we go into 2020.
Elizabeth Anderson: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: We have a question in queue from the line of Juan Avendano with Bank of America. Go ahead, please.
Juan Avendano: Hi. Congrats on the quarter. Related to the last question, I guess, would you say that the capacity expansion that you just completed in Biologics Testing Solutions, did that expansion primarily serve to maintain the low double-digit growth profile in this business? Or would you expect to see an acceleration in the growth rate as you leverage the new increased capacity? And related to that, I guess, you already exited 2019 with an operating margin in Manufacturing Support in the high-30s. So what costs or investments outside of incremental capacity possibly are you looking to undertake over the next year that would keep the margin profile in Manufacturing Support in the mid-30s?
David Smith: Yes. So weve  for a long time now, been commenting that the margin expectation for Manufacturing is mid-30s. And for a while, weve been knocking on the door of the  well, weve been in the mid-30s for a while. 2019 was slightly different because we had to double running costs of Biologics and that dragged it down. But weve never really committed to growing the margins above mid-30s for Manufacturing.There are other things we can do to invest in the sales force, for instance. There is some R&D that we can do in Microbial. There are other things we can do in Biologics, for instance, to enable us to grow that top line, continue to get the double-digit growth rates in Manufacturing and enjoy the sort of mid-30s margins. So that has been a signal that we have given to The Street for a while, and we see no reason to change that at this stage.
Jim Foster: In terms of the growth rate, we  as I said, we had terrific growth rate in 2019 notwithstanding, I would say, tight capacity. So having additional capacity, having additional assays, getting some price, having the mix of business continue to improve should help the growth rate in a meaningful way.
Juan Avendano: Thank you.
Operator: And for our next question, we will go to the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Erin Wright: Great. Thanks. Weve covered a lot here, but can you describe where you stand now in terms of the hiring, staffing levels? Are you where you want to be? And how much wage pressure, if any, kind of, are you seeing? And then also, you commented on M&A opportunities, but Im curious, are you just more willing to also do more partnership-type models, such as the BitBio partnership as opposed to outright M&A? And what could some of those partnerships potentially look like? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure. We were hustling in 2017 and 2018 because demand exceeded our operating plan essentially, which is a high-class problem. Were really hustling to get sufficient numbers of people in the door and getting them trained to accommodate the demand. And as you recall and based upon your question, we also ran into some wage inefficiencies or ineffective wage levels as starting pace. So we feel that weve caught up nicely from a capacity and an IT and a head count point of view. We corrected those starting wage anomalies.Generally, I think you can stay ahead of that. Every once in a while, you have a geographic locale. We had one or two in particular. It just changes on you where you get some big competitors that come in and start businesses out of nowhere and theyre hiring a bunch of people and paying whatever it takes. So we had a little bit of that. So I think the onetime midcourse correction was quite effective. Weve got a really good, focused, staying-ahead-of-the-game HR analysis on every geographic locale. So I think its highly unlikely we have to go in and do that again.We feel really good about the headcount. I go to most of the big safety sites every year and you can see that people are much uncomfortable with the pace of work and the pace of training. And so well have to hire people to keep pace with the basic growth rate of that business, but really nothing extraordinary.On the M&A front, I think the answer to your question is really both. So were going to do  we have done and well continue to do a bunch of these partnerships, for sure. Some of them will turn into acquisitions, for sure. As Ive said earlier, some of the prices for the deals will already be prenegotiated, in other words, the terms of the deals, which is terrific. So some of those will turn into acquisitions, a lot of those would be in the Discovery space. We have other fully baked companies that are further along in their life cycle than some of these that will help fill out the portfolio really, really nicely. So well do both.I would remind you, we have no artificial goals for M&A or were not interested in just being bigger for the sake of being bigger. We will pursue deals that are strategic in nature, that make our portfolio better than it is now and that are affordable and meet our return metrics. Otherwise, we will walk, and that goes for the technology deals. If we want to do them, and we dont have a prenegotiated purchase price and the prices are too high, well walk. So we feel really good about both of those ways of increasing and growing the portfolio, and I think youll see us be doing a combination of both going forward.
Erin Wright: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We do have time for one more question. That will be from the line of Tycho Peterson [JPMorgan]. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I wanted to ask on Takeda, just how we should think about the $50 million in milestones flowing through. And anything embedded in guidance this year? And then, Jim, you mentioned at our conference that you may see other similar deals to Takeda. Just curious what the pipeline looks like there. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. So enthused about the deal. Very creative, I think, on both of our parts. Yes. Theyve offered us a small portfolio of potential molecules to develop. We can pass on whichever ones we want. Obviously, well do some of them. Theyre across four different TAs. And theyre milestone-based payments, notwithstanding a small upfront payment that we get from them, which will offset some of the discovery cost. We dont have anything meaningful baked into our guidance.So we dont know  I dont  I think its unlikely, no matter how much we hustle, that were going to get through much in 2020, although we do have some upfront payments from them. So I dont think it will be not a headwind or a tailwind, but we should be progressing with maybe one or two molecules. I think that its further down the road, and we wanted to  were excited with it. We had a release, but we didnt want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of its financial contribution.Were open to doing deals like this. I wouldnt  I dont think were out looking for them. If clients want to work that way and if clients only want to work that way, and we think the structures of the deals make sense. When we think this one does and we like the client, and we like the fact that theyve just done big M&A and its an interesting portfolio, its something that well pursue. So we have a tiny amount of our revenue associated with these milestone deals right now.We hope  as we said, I think, at your conference, if one of these goes all the way through to market approval, it will be a nice financial return and wed like to keep the expectations modest. And we hope to please ourselves as well as the shareholder base.
Tycho Peterson: Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. Ill now turn the conference call back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. That concludes our  thank you for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at an upcoming investor conference. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I'd now like to turn the conference over to Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Todd Spencer. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2019. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844. The access code in either case is 472865. The replay will be available through November 20. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website.I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may vary materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements.During the call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link.I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'm pleased with our overall third quarter results, which were highlighted by high single-digit organic revenue growth, consistent with our long-term targets and operating margin expansion that represented a positive step towards achieving our 20% target in 2021.Market demand for our leading early-stage portfolio has remained strong throughout the year. While biotech funding levels and the number of molecules approved by the FDA may end the year slightly below peak levels, industry fundamentals and scientific innovation remain as robust as we've ever seen. And outsourcing is key to our clients' success. This is promising to be another solid year for the biopharmaceutical industry as clients discover solutions for previously unmet medical needs using new technologies like cell and gene therapy and immunotherapies and rely on CROs like Charles [Indiscernible] to support the research programs. We have no indication that the relationships with our clients or their spending levels have been affected by the geopolitical rhetoric involving the trade war and [drug pricing]. And we firmly believe that our clients will continue to partner with Charles River in order to bring new drugs to market faster and more efficiently for the patients that need them.Let me give you the highlights of our third quarter performance. As you know, we issued preliminary third quarter results on October 21, in conjunction with our successful issuance of $500 million of senior notes, about which David will provide more details shortly. Our actual third quarter results were at the higher end of the preliminary ranges that we've provided. We recorded revenue of $668 million in the third quarter of 2019, a 14.1% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth was 7.9%, with each of our business segments contributing meaningfully. From a client perspective, biotech continued to drive revenue growth. While acknowledging that third quarter revenue growth was slightly below the outlook that we initially provided in late July, we were pleased with the high single-digit organic growth rate, which is consistent with our long-term target. I will provide more details on each of the business drivers shortly.The operating margin was 19.4%, a 60 basis point increase year-over-year and above our prior outlook. This improvement was driven by the Manufacturing Support and RMS segments and more than offset headwinds from the Citoxlab acquisition, the Biologics capacity expansion and a large insourcing solutions contract. We believe that the third quarter margin expansion demonstrates our ability to leverage the investments that we have made in staff, capacity and infrastructure to accommodate the robust growth in a more scalable and efficient manner and provides a line of sight to our 2-year goal of 20%. With the significant investments largely behind us, coupled with our continued focus on driving greater efficiency, we expect the operating margin in the second half of the year will be higher than the first half, resulting in a full year operating margin that is approaching last year's level of 18.8%.Earnings per share were $1.69 in the third quarter, an increase of 16.6% from $1.45 in the third quarter of '18. The increase was due primarily to higher revenue and operating margin improvement. From a guidance perspective, we now expect organic revenue growth for 2019 to be in a range from 8.25% to 8.75%. This has been moderated from our prior outlook, but still well within the high single-digit range. The organic growth outlooks for each of the business segments are being narrowed but remain within the previous ranges for the year. We do not believe the narrowing of our organic growth range demonstrates any diminution in market conditions as we believe both market demand and our fundamental business trends remain robust.We continue to be well positioned for organic revenue growth in 2019 to be near the 8.7% reported last year, the highest level in a decade and consistent with our long-term growth target in the high single digits. As a result of the third quarter operating performance, non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the year is being narrowed to the upper end of the prior range to $6.50 to $6.60. This represents 12% to 14% growth from $5.80 last year.I'd now like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. The DSA revenue in the third quarter was $420.1 million, a 7.9% increase on an organic basis, with both the Discovery Services and Safety Assessment businesses contributing. We believe that high single-digit organic growth in DSA segment will continue to be driven by demand for our outsourced services as global biopharmaceutical clients choose to partner with Charles River rather than build and maintain capacity in-house and biotech clients leverage our expertise because they have limited or no internal capabilities. To meet our clients' needs, we have focused our business on unmatched scientific expertise, rapid turnaround times, flexible creative solutions and the ability to accommodate the increasing complexity of our clients' research programs.Our business model has made us an attractive partner for large pharma, biotech, academic institutions, governmental agencies and NGOs, but it is clear that we have become the principal partner of choice for biotech clients of all sizes. Biotechs are a demanding clientele, focusing on exquisite science and speed. Our unique portfolio and client-focused business approach have made Charles River an indispensable research partner, tailor-made for this expanding client segment.The Discovery business had an excellent quarter as we continue to distinguish ourselves through the breadth of our portfolio and the synergies between our Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses. The third quarter performance was driven by broad-based growth across oncology, Early Discovery and CNS services. Our clients' programs often begin with the target identification capabilities of our Early Discovery business and encompass multiple DSA sites and services as the programs advance. We have successfully demonstrated to clients that working with us through a broader portion of the early-stage drug research process enhances the value we provide them, both from a scientific and cost-effectiveness perspective.Our efforts to strengthen our Discovery toolkit and expand our footprint continue to resonate with clients, both large and small. We continue to evaluate new opportunities to add innovative discovery capabilities to our portfolio as we believe creating a comprehensive solution at the earliest stage of drug research will enhance client retention as their programs progress through the pipeline. Our recent partnership with Distributed Bio is progressing nicely. Distributed Bio's large molecule discovery capabilities have generated considerable client interest and we believe this relationship and our broader partnership strategy will create additional opportunities to work with clients on their integrated programs.Client utilization of our expanded South San Francisco Discovery site also continues to increase. The site offers a wide range of capabilities from CNS to DMPK and bioanalytical services to the fast-growing West Coast biotech client base. And we expect to expand the services offered there. Whether by internal investment, partnership or acquisition, we intend to continue to build our discovery portfolio to reinforce our position as the premier single-source provider for a comprehensive range of Discovery Services.Revenue growth for Safety Assessment was consistent with both our full year and long-term expectations for the overall DSA segment. The business continued to perform well, driven by robust demand from biotech clients and increased pricing. Bookings and backlog improved year-over-year, supporting our Safety Assessment outlook for the remainder of the year and into 2020. As you know, Safety Assessment growth is not linear and will modestly fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter because the balance between price, volume, mix and the timing of study starts is not always uniform.The integration of CiTox remains on track, and its financial performance is in line with the acquisition plan. As anticipated, it is a complex integration across multiple sites in multiple countries, but the collaborative efforts and hard work of Citoxlab's talented staff and their Charles River colleagues have resulted in the successful first 6 months together. With Citoxlab to date, and MPI and WIL beforehand, we have done an excellent job on the integrations, achieving our goals of adding and retaining hundreds of new clients, enhancing the work experience for our employees, expanding our capabilities, both geographically and scientifically, and driving operational synergies and greater efficiencies.The DSA operating margin declined 50 basis points to 22.1% in the third quarter due entirely to an 80 basis point headwind from the Citoxlab acquisition. As we said at the time of the acquisition, Citoxlab has a lower operating margin than the legacy Safety Assessment business, but we believe it will reach the 20% level within approximately 2 years of the transaction, driven by acquisition synergies and continued growth. We have built a global DSA footprint with unparalleled breadth and depth by adding capabilities, capacity and staff through acquisitions and internal investments and as a result, have become the partner of choice for a broad range of clients.We have invested significantly in the last few years to achieve appropriate staffing levels so that we could accommodate growing client demand in the Safety Assessment business and believe we have achieved this goal. With the appropriate head count going forward, continued modest capacity additions and a focus on operational excellence, the DSA segment is well positioned to achieve a mid-20% operating margin over the next 2 years. RMS segment revenue was $132.5 million, an increase of 5.8% on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year. Our research model business in China delivered another excellent performance and Insourcing Solutions also continued to perform very well.As we mentioned at Investor Day, there are abundant opportunities to expand into new regions in China to support the substantial growth in its rapidly emerging biomedical research market. In addition to our current footprint in the major R&D hubs of Beijing and Shanghai, we have plans to open a new site in Central China in 2020. Expanding our presence supports our goals of market leadership and achieving a market share in China similar to that in Western markets. Because the research model markets outside of China are mature, volume growth continues to be limited.In Western markets, we expect a continuation of the research model trends that have been largely present for many years: declining demand from large biopharma, increasing demand from biotechs and consistent price increases. From a services perspective, Insourcing Solutions, or IS, continues to perform very well as clients increasingly adopt flexible models to enhance the operational efficiency of their vivarium management and research efforts. The NIAID contract contributed approximately 350 basis points to RMS revenue growth in the third quarter. We anniversaried this contract in mid-September, so the year-over-year contribution to revenue growth and the corresponding operating margin headwind will normalize beginning in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect the RMS growth rate to moderate to a low single-digit rate in the fourth quarter. The IS business continues to be a flexible option for academic and government institutions, which have historically been IS's primary client base. Insourcing Solutions is also gaining traction with new biopharma clients, particularly through the success of our CRADL initiative. CRADL, or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs, provides both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity in the Boston/Cambridge biohub, and beginning early next year in the South San Francisco biohub. Through both unique models like CRADL and more traditional in-source staffing arrangements, the IS business has become an important partner for clients who need this type of support for their research programs.In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 26.5% due primarily to the research models business as well as our ongoing efficiency initiatives. The improvement was partially offset by the lower-margin NIAID contract, which reduced the RMS operating margin by approximately 50 basis points in the quarter. Our goal is to maintain the RMS operating margin above 25% through our continuing efforts to enhance operating efficiency.Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $115.3 million, a 10.6% increase on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year. The increase was driven by strong demand across both Biologics Testing Solutions and the Microbial Solutions businesses.The Microbial Solutions had a good quarter with broad-based growth across all three of its major testing platforms: Endosafe endotoxin testing, Celsis bioburden and sterility testing and Accugenix microbial identification services. The primary driver of third quarter revenue growth was demand for our Endosafe rapid testing systems and cartridges. We sold significantly more Endosafe instruments over the prior year, which in turn, will drive greater demand for cartridges. Endosafe improves the efficiency of our clients' manufacturing and lot release testing processes. And because there's no competitive alternative to our rapid testing system, we are continuing to convert the marketplace to our more efficient and reliable testing platform.The continued expansion of the installed base of instruments drives demand for the consumable cartridges, which provides a healthy recurring revenue stream. In addition, investments in process improvements that we discussed last quarter are already beginning to result in improved operating leverage. We're very pleased to see that as expected, biologics revenue growth rebounded well above the 10% level in the third quarter. We are adding capacity globally to accommodate the robust growth in a number of biologics in the pipeline and on the market and the demand for our services.The largest global expansion is taking place in Pennsylvania. Our new site in Wayne, Pennsylvania, which we have been transitioning into for the past year, will provide the required scale in the U.S. to support growth through the next three to five years. The site has been registered with the FDA, and we are working with clients on their validation activities at the new site, which are expected to be substantially complete by the end of the year.In addition to building scale, we also continue to enhance our biologics testing capabilities to accommodate more of our clients' process development and quality control needs. Cell and gene therapies continue to be the fastest-growing area for our biologics business, and we are developing new assays to provide a more comprehensive portfolio of these services.The Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin was 36.4%, a 300 basis point improvement year-over-year. The increase was due primarily to enhanced operating efficiency in the Microbial Solutions business and operating leverage from robust revenue growth in Biologics Testing Solutions business. We were very pleased that the Manufacturing segment's operating margin rebounded to the mid-30% level in the third quarter, which is consistent with our 2-year target for this business.At our recent Investor Day, we highlighted the manner in which we have executed our strategy and continue to do so: to become the early-stage CRO partner of choice for our clients' drug research, development and manufacturing support efforts; to build our extensive scientific expertise, which we believe is unique and unparalleled in the early-stage CRO universe; and to invest in our people, technology and infrastructure to create a more efficient and responsive organization that provides flexible customized solutions to our clients. As we look to the future, it's imperative that we continue to expand our portfolio of essential products and services to enhance our ability to comprehensively support our clients' drug research efforts. We intend to do so through strategic acquisitions, which is always our preferred use of capital.Our pipeline of M&A candidates remains robust, and we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities ranging from unique research tools to discovery capabilities to manufacturing support activities. We also must stay current with new technologies and modalities, such as cell and gene therapies. To do so, we are increasingly utilizing a partnership strategy, such as our relationship with Distributed Bio, to add innovative capabilities and cutting-edge technologies with limited upfront risk.Our partnering activities extend beyond the Discovery business as we have signed several of these relationships to date, encompassing most of our businesses and intend to sign more. These partnerships allow us to assess breakthrough technologies, typically with a small upfront investment and have the potential to result in longer-term collaboration agreements or can be a precursor to acquiring the company. We look to add at least $1 billion in annual revenue through acquisitions and partnerships over the next 5 years. And the transactions with which we choose to move forward will not only fit our strategic rationale, but also meet our disciplined investment criteria in order to generate greater shareholder returns.We have spent the past several years investing internally in capacity and staffing to levels that are commensurate with growing demand, while striving to enhance the scalability of the business. While we will need to continue to invest, we believe that we have achieved an appropriate balance. We now have an enhanced ability to leverage top line growth and drive greater efficiency, which will enable us to achieve the 2-year financial targets that we provided at Investor Day, including an aggressive but realistic 20% operating margin in 2021.As we also mentioned at Investor Day, as we work towards our business and financial goals, we are maintaining an intense focus on sustainability. We are committed to environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives and believe that this commitment will enable us to minimize our impact on the environment as we: implement sustainable practices; enhance our corporate citizenship by focusing on improving the quality of people's lives including patients, clients, employees and our communities; and operate our business with integrity and accountability as we have always done.We were pleased to welcome Gina Wilson to our Board last month. Gina's diverse experience across multiple industries will enhance the financial acumen of Charles River's Board and its ability to oversee our broader strategy and focus on driving profitable growth. Gina brings highly valuable knowledge and experience in managing the finance organizations of growing businesses, strategically allocating capital and driving operating efficiency, which will complement the combined skills and experience of our current directors. We will continue to evaluate adding new members to our Board to further enhance the diversity of skills, experience and perspectives.We are pleased with the performance of the collective portfolio in the third quarter. And over the longer term, we expect to deliver high single-digit organic revenue growth, earnings per share growth at least in the low double digits and strong free cash flow.In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment. I'll ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results and updated 2019 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, a discrete tax benefit related to our international financing structure and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation.We are pleased with our results for the third quarter, which included high single-digit organic revenue growth, mid-teens earnings per share growth and both sequential and year-over-year improvement in the operating margin. The third quarter results demonstrate our progress towards achieving the 2-year financial targets that we provided at our Investor Day in September, which included high single-digit organic revenue growth, at least low double-digit non-GAAP earnings per share growth and a non-GAAP operating margin of 20% in 2021.I will now provide more detail on 2 recent accomplishments: the third quarter operating margin expansion and the enhancements to our capital structure. As you are aware, operating margin improvement is a priority for the company. We are very pleased with the collective efforts that have enabled us to leverage revenue growth and drive greater operating efficiency. Operating margin of 19.4% for the third quarter represented a 60 basis point year-over-year increase and a 90 basis point sequential increase. This was well above prior expectation, which was that the operating margin would be similar to the second quarter level.The outperformance was driven largely by the fact that we are benefiting from the scalable investments that we have made in staff, capacity and infrastructure as well as our continuing focus on operational excellence and cost management. The margin improvement was driven by the Manufacturing and the RMS segments as well as leverage of unallocated corporate costs. We also anniversaried the year-over-year headwind from the compensation structure adjustment at the beginning of the third quarter.Unallocated corporate costs for the third quarter were $40.2 million or 6% of total revenue, a 40 basis point decline from 6.4% last year. At 6% year-to-date, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be at or slightly below 6% of total revenue for the year.We are particularly pleased with the margin performance because we continued to be impacted by headwinds from the large government contract in the RMS segment, the Biologic capacity expansion in the manufacturing segment and the acquisition of Citoxlab in the DSA segment. As you may recall, Citoxlab had mid-teens operating margin when we acquired it, which is well below that of the legacy Safety Assessment business. Citoxlab's operating margin will improve over time through the attainment of deal synergies.We believe that the third quarter operating margin performance reflects our ability to leverage the investments that we have made and our focus on increasing efficiency to drive profitable growth. For the full year, we continue to expect the operating margin to be approaching the 2018 level of 18.8%. The other important accomplishment was the issuance of $500 million of senior notes due in 2028 at a 4.25% coupon rate. We believe that this fixed rate debt enhances our capital structure by locking in a favorable interest rate and staggering the maturity of our long-term debt. We also upsized our revolver by $500 million, which will provide additional long-term borrowing capacity to support our M&A strategy.During the quarter, we reduced our outstanding debt by $158 million to $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter compared to $2.1 billion at the end of the second quarter. Our gross leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter was 2.96x and our net leverage ratio was 2.7x. Through our capital management strategy, we were able to reduce our leverage to less than 3x within 6 months of the Citoxlab acquisition, which was ahead of our initial outlook of 12 months. The sub-3x leverage ratio generates interest savings on our variable rate debt, reducing the rate by 25 basis points to LIBOR plus 125 basis points.We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to deploy capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation, followed by debt repayment. We are comfortable with the gross leverage ratio below 3x, and absent any acquisitions, we continue to repay debt. Year-to-date, we have not repurchased any shares and do not intend to in the fourth quarter.
Operator: [Technical Difficulty]
Todd Spencer: All right. Sorry for the technical difficulties. We will restart David's prepared remarks. Thank you.
David Smith: Good, we just worked out where we cut off from. So I'll continue from that point. So we continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to put capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation, followed by debt repayment. We are comfortable with a gross leverage ratio below three times, and absent any acquisitions, we'll continue to repay debt. Year-to-date, we have not repurchased our shares and do not intend to in the fourth quarter.Total adjusted net interest expense was relatively stable at $17.4 million in the third quarter, an increase of $0.4 million year-over-year and $0.6 million sequentially. For the year, we expect adjusted net interest expense to be at the low end of the previous range of $68 million to $71 million. This change is due to lower rates, resulting from our sub-three times leverage ratio and the Federal Reserve's rate reductions, partially offset by higher interest expense associated with our new $500 million senior notes. As a reminder, adjusted net interest expense is calculated as the net of interest expense, interest income and an FX adjustment related to forward FX contracts recorded in other income.Our third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 23.6%, essentially unchanged from 23.5% in the third quarter of last year. Since we are trending to the low end of the range of our previous guidance, we are reducing our full year non-GAAP tax rate outlook by approximately 50 basis points to a range of 22% to 23%. The GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was more favorable than the prior year due primarily to a noncash discrete tax benefit of $20.4 million related to our international financing structure.Free cash flow increased 27.3% to $120.7 million from $94.8 million last year. The increase reflected our continued focus on working capital management and the third quarter operating performance. Our free cash flow guidance for the year remains unchanged at $310 million to $320 million. CapEx was $35.2 million in the third quarter, an increase from $22.4 million over the prior year. At $77 million year-to-date, we now expect to invest approximately $140 million in CapEx for the full year. This is $30 million below our prior outlook due primarily to the timing of projects, some of which have shifted into 2020.With respect to 2019 guidance, we are moderating our revenue growth outlook to a range of 15% to 15.5% on a reported basis, and organic revenue growth of 8.25% to 8.75%, reflecting the third quarter performance and foreign exchange, which is expected to be a greater headwind than previously anticipated. FX is now expected to reduce reported revenue growth by 1.5% to 2% compared to our prior outlook of 1% to 1.5%.In light of the strong third quarter operating performance, we are also narrowing our full year non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to the higher end of the previous outlook to a range of $6.50 to $6.60. Although we narrowed our outlook for organic revenue growth for the full year, our expectations for segment revenue growth on an organic basis remain within the previous ranges, which were mid-single digits for the RMS segment, high single digits for the DSA segment and low double digits for the Manufacturing segment. Including the unfavorable foreign exchange rates and the Citoxlab contribution in the DSA segment, reported revenue growth is expected to be in the low to mid-single digits for RMS, low 20% range for DSA and just under 10% for Manufacturing Support. A detailed summary of our financial guidance can be found on Slide 40.With 1 quarter left in the year, our fourth quarter outlook is effectively embedded in our guidance for the full year. We expect fourth quarter organic growth to be at or slightly below the third quarter level, primarily because the anniversary of the NIAID contract in September will reduce the RMS growth rate by more than 300 basis points. As we mentioned at Investor Day, we continue to expand our second half operating margin to be above 19% this year. For non-GAAP earnings per share, our full year range equates to a robust 12% to 18% growth in the fourth quarter from $1.59 last year.In conclusion, we are pleased with our overall third quarter performance, which included consistent revenue and earnings per share growth and meaningful operating margin improvement. The demand environment for our unique early-stage portfolio continue to be encouraging, and we are on track to achieve our full year target. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey thanks. Jim, just maybe starting with dynamics in the quarter and the reduced outlook. Can you talk a little bit about where things slowed relative to expectations? And what are you tempering exactly in the outlook?
Jim Foster: Yes. It's our usual commentary, Tycho, which is that we have a nonlinear business, particularly in the services, particularly in Safety. We do the best we can to call it on a quarterly basis, but we do, I think, a very good job calling it on an annual basis. We're actually quite pleased with the results for the quarter. I think our forecast is a little optimistic. That probably can happen from time to time, but we're pleased with the results. We're pleased with where we are on track for the fourth quarter. We're pleased with the fact that we are going to have comparable results in DSA to the prior year, which was the best year in a decade. Demand remains quite strong across pretty much the entire portfolio of clients, particularly biotech, who is very, very much dependent on us. We think our international footprint is working very well to support a whole range of clients increasingly with respect to proximity to them. So really nothing fundamentally changed. We have a modest diminution in what our expectations were. But again, feel very good about the tack that we're on for the year, and that's consistent with, I think, how we've been in the last 4 or 5 years.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then a follow-up on margins. How much of the margin upside is driven by delayed investments in cyber, et cetera, versus the benefit of the comp structure adjustment and NIAID contract dropping out? And I guess, going forward, as we think about margins for manufacturing, obviously, you're expanding capacity. So how much of the margin expansion in manufacturing in 3Q do you think is sustainable given the ongoing expansion?
David Smith: So in respect to cyber, that's not been a huge drag at all. So that's not a dynamic that portrays into the expansion of our margins this year. I mean, we are good. It's an operational beat in the earnings per share and driven by the enhanced margin.DSA, we just signaled that we got a sequential improvement. We were anticipating the sequential improvement. We got 100 basis points higher despite an 80 point drag on Citoxlab. So I wouldn't characterize that that's a surprise. We had signaled that DSA would be improving in the second half of the year as it is.Manufacturing was a surprise, a positive surprise. We said when we spoke at the end of Q2 that we would be approaching mid-30s by Q4. We've done that already. So we're pleased with the speed with which that's rebounded and expect that to bleed nicely into the future. RMS was up sequentially as well by 100 basis points despite the NIAID drag. The drag, of course, is a part quarter drag because we anniversaried mid-September.So the way that we're looking at the margins, if you look at the year-to-date, year-to-date we're 18.1%. That's pretty much sitting on where we were year-to-date last year of 18.2% despite the fact that we have meaningful drags this year, namely from the NIAID, which of course, made sort of an 8.5 month drag compared to last year. Citoxlab is a drag. I mean, MPI, yes, but it's not, MPI was not the drag that we're getting from Citoxlab. And of course, we've had Biologic this year as well. So we're very pleased with the fact that our margins are tracking the same as last year, year-to-date, notwithstanding the drags that we've had.So that puts us in a good position for next year. Do feel positive about getting to the 21, 20% by 2021. So we'll say more about it in February.
Operator: We'll go to David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: I just toggled over, so I apologize if this has been covered. But on margins, it sounds like you were just answering a little bit about margin. But looking at the overall, as we back into the math, it looks like your fourth quarter, to get to the approaching the, flat with year-over-year, fourth quarter would be up about 50 basis points. I don't mean to over-interpret the words, but been using the words approaching, I'm interpreting that you don't expect it to quite get there. And so a 50 basis point increase in year-over-year margin in the fourth quarter would be kind of the ceiling of what you expect the performance to be? I just wanted to see if you could comment on that, if you believe that's accurate.
David Smith: So in order to get to the 18.8%, which is the margin we had last year, we would need to be at the top end of the guidance that we've given you. So we would need to have something of the order of 20-point, give it 20.5% ZIP code. Or another way of putting it, the same sort of ZIP code as Q4 last year. Now that is possible. And in fact, when we met in New York, I said that it was possible that we could be doing that in Q4. We're certainly in the hunt, but we've got a range for a reason. It's not guaranteed that Q4 will be a strong quarter or a very strong quarter. Q4 tends to be funky. It depends on how, I guess, some clients want to use up some of their R&D budgets. And we're expecting a strong quarter for Q4, but we would need a very strong quarter in order to get to the same level as last year. Now as I said, it could be done. Don't be overly surprised if we achieve it, but we are guiding to approaching the 18.8% for reasons that we can't quite call exactly where Q4 will fall.
Operator: And we'll go to Erin Wright with Credit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Great. I guess, in Safety Assessment in general. I guess, can you talk about the capacity utilization, study mix and pricing across that business as it stands today? And then I have a follow-up as well.
Jim Foster: So our capacity utilization is in good shape. We have sufficient capacity to grow at our current growth rate, which is high single digits. We made modest enhancements and increases in capacity in multiple geographies and we'll always do that for proximity reasons. You'll recall when we bought MPI, that's the large building, that's a strategic benefit for us to have additional capacity, but that operates with incremental capacity and still terrific operating margin. So that provides us with great operating leverage, given the demand curve. There's a little bit of capacity in some of the CiTox sites, which is a positive as well.So capacity is in a good place as we end the year and we go into next year. We'll be able to accommodate a growth rate comparable to maybe slightly higher than we are now. Mix is pretty comparable. It tends to run sort of 50-50, general and specialty tox. We don't give an update on that quarterly, so probably going to stay away from that. We do a lot of specialty work. We picked up additional specialty capacity with these new acquisitions.So we like that balance from a margin and growth point of view. And while we don't give specific guidance or information on our pricing for competitive reasons, we're actually very pleased with the pricing that we've gotten this year. We get price when possible and when appropriate. The studies have become increasingly more complex, and they need to be priced accordingly. So I'd say it's a pretty good mix right now of the mix of price and sufficient capacity to do the work, both now and for the foreseeable future.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. And then can you speak to the runway for growth across China and RMS? Has there been any sort of meaningful changes in the competitive landscape in China? If you could give an update there, that would be great.
Jim Foster: Yes, not really. There's constantly new Chinese competitors sort of cropping up, believing that the business is more simple and more trivial than it actually is. And they tend to fall into difficulty relatively quickly. So the competition sort of comes and goes. Having said that, there's a fair number of small Chinese competitors, and while we're a substantial player, we only have a 30% market share. We hope we can get that to 50% or 60% going forward. So we like our competitive position. The quality of the product from the competition is inferior. We don't have any of our sort of usual competitors on a worldwide basis producing animals in China. And it's about geographic expansion. So we're working on our third facility, which will be in centrally, Central China and we'll then look to Southern China. That will give us a much broader portfolio than the competition. And the locales in which we are moving are so substantial that being close will be important.So long runway. We look at the world in 5-year increments because that's we do, a 5-year strategic plan. I think the runway is way longer than that, certainly a decade, probably longer. But we're going to see the growth rates that we've been enjoying now. There's a major investment by the Chinese government in the life sciences, particularly in biotech. So they're really working to play competitively on the international stage and high-quality work is going to have to be done locally. And those tools are going to often require high-quality analysts.
Operator: And we'll go to Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: First one, unallocated corporate, you're showing some improvement there. Could you be a bit more specific on the drivers of that improvement beyond just revenue leverage? And how do you get to your longer-term goals, which I believe are still a fair amount lower than this?
David Smith: Yes, we've been bringing down, as a percentage of revenue, about 50 basis points for a number of years. And at New York, we did signal we'd get from the 6% that we're at this year, down towards a 5%. We are getting leverage and have been over that period and continue to get leverage out of the way we've built our corporate offices. We've got shared service functions, for instance, centers of excellence, which allow us to -- basically scalable and actually put more through with the same staffing structures. We've been doing that in HR and IT as well, continually thinking about how we structure so that we can actually leverage more M&A out of the back of that.So it's not something that is built overnight. We've been working on this for a number of years. We're seeing those economies coming out each year. And we do feel comfortable we'll see that going into 2020 and '21 as well.
Eric Coldwell: Great. Biologics, the new Wayne site registered. You're doing validations with clients. I guess, my question is, I'm still not sure I'm 100% comfortable with the process of moving out of the old site to new one. Is there non-duplicative unencumbered work happening in the new site right now? Or are you still going through these validations through the end of the quarter, such that we would get another pop in margin as you're able to move out of the old facility early next year?
Jim Foster: We should probably stop giving details on this because I think we're dragging everybody through the day-to-day movement activity. So the reality is we're very -- we're largely in the new site, lots of clients. So some of the work is unencumbered and is straight up. Clients are validating. There's a lot of assays to be moved. We're moving them constantly, sort of daily, certainly weekly. We closed one-- we had two other sites. We've closed one and the other one is being sort of repurposed. It's going to stay open but do some other things in there.I would say that the margin drag is meaningfully over, certainly will be over by the end of the year. We'll stop giving you the gory details. We're really pleased with the facility. Clients are very pleased with it. We're actually pleased with how easily work has been moved. It's just a lot of it to move because -- and you saw that the growth rate for this business is terrific. So it's growing dramatically in spite of the move, in spite of those changes. So I think it will be a positive contributor as we go in.
Eric Coldwell: That's great. My last one, quickly. Microbials, nice production here in Endosafe, good sales there. I know you always get that razor-razor blade model with the cartridge pull-through later. Is there any way to quantify the increase in Endosafe sales or number of units so we could have some sense on the growth rate therein as products lead future consumable sales?
Jim Foster: Hard to do that. Obviously, there are substantial cartridges used with every unit that we sell. Increasingly, we're selling units, Eric, that are -- use multiple cartridges at the same time, we call it an MCS. These big robots that use lots of them. So the cartridge utilization is increasing substantially. We have a relatively small percentage of clients that we've transferred over to this new technology. So there's a lot more market opportunity for us, even though that we have a lot of the market dollars so far. So -- we're so far ahead of the competition just in terms of the sophistication of the gear. Clients are so happy with it and using it in multiple systems across big sites, let's say, for many of the big pharmaceutical companies that we're quite confident this will continue.We've launched some new products in 2019, and we'll continue to do so. So, harder to get more granular than that. In our prepared remarks, we did say that there's a lot of new systems being installed. Obviously, nobody buys a system without intending to use cartridges on a sustainable basis.
Operator: We'll go to Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rong Li: Hi. This is Rong Li for Ricky. So I have a question on RMS. You previously have mentioned about the increasing focus on streamlining the RMS cost structure to kind of offset the volume pressure in the mature markets. Can you maybe elaborate on some of the initiatives you have been doing and the progress you are making here?
Jim Foster: Why don't I start? We're doing a whole host of things, where we're making sure that our capacity is in sync with demand. So we pared down some facilities at multiple sites. We work to make sure that our head count is also accordingly at the right levels. We've also taken a lot of our sort of standard manual processes and computerized them. So that's helped with the labor component, that's helped with efficiency, that's helped with inventory management, and that's also helped with capacity utilization.We have this downward pressure from the Western locations, particularly the U.S. and Europe, where a lot of space has been taken offline by the drug companies that -- sort of one step forward and a couple of steps back, hard to predict how much more of that there'll be or how deep those cuts will go. But putting those aside, I think our capacity is well utilized now. We are getting some margin accretion. You saw that in the margin in the third quarter. China is growing nicely in some of our services businesses. By the way, some of the services businesses have extremely high operating margins. So I don't want you to think of the services only as a drag. As we said, some of the in-sourcing solutions, particularly the government contracts, are lower.So we will continue to drive efficiency in RMS like we do in all of our businesses. It's running appropriately lean and appropriately focused on driving margin.
Rong Li: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Courtney Owens: Hi. This is Courtney Owens on for John this morning. So in your earlier prepared comments, I think you guys mentioned that demand environment is pretty robust at present. However, I guess, thus far in Q3 and also into Q4, we're seeing kind of that biotech funding is starting to cool on a year-over-year basis, but it's still pretty solid on a dollar basis. But are you guys kind of starting to hear any commentary from clients around that? Just kind of any early, more cautionary commentary from them? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. Biotech funding has been so strong for so long that I think people are watching it too closely for any indications of a slowdown. We have been answering those questions and the time, you all keep asking them for at least 5 years. So what are you seeing? And when is it going to slow down? And what's that going to do to your business? It's a fair question. The reality is that the funding levels are still quite substantial. We reckon they have 3 or 4 years of cash in the bank from the capital markets, plus a lot of money is coming in directly from pharma. I would say, increasingly, money is coming in directly from Big Pharma. VC funds are quite plentiful.A lot of M&A. We had 48 biotech companies bought so far this year, some by Big Pharma, some by larger biotech companies. So we are hearing nothing from our clients. Our biotech client base has increased dramatically, to some extent through M&A, but just a constant increase in new modalities that are requiring them to outsource. We would hear it probably before anyone because our services are so broad gauge and we have so many clients.If there was any concern or hesitancy in terms of available funds, we would begin to see that maybe in multiple geographies, but certainly across multiple clients, and we're just not. So doesn't mean we don't watch it as well. But you have to have something pretty diabolical and dramatic to happen or to cause any sort of pullback given the strength of the science these days.
Operator: We'll go to Juan Avendano with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you intend to add about $1 billion in annual revenue through M&A over the next 5 years. Outside of Safety Assessment, can you share with us what are your interests and how many deals, let's say, annually you anticipate being able to complete to get to your target 5 years from now?
Jim Foster: So we never have an artificial number of deals that we'll do. That would be frustrating and something we couldn't fulfill. So we're well financed. You saw that we did a bond. Our balance sheet is really strong. Our leverage has come down. Our free cash is good. But you heard us say in our prepared remarks that there are a lot of M&A targets out there, mostly private equity owned, so they're by definition for sale.If we don't do a deal in fiscal '20, let's say, we would be surprised but not necessarily disappointed. If we didn't do a deal, the prices wouldn't have held up or we would have, something would have failed in due diligence, and we would have been disappointed. So we're constantly enhancing our portfolio. That's the reason we're doing it. We're not doing it to be large. So you're going to see us do more in Discovery, in therapeutic areas, in more Early Discovery technology, maybe in the antibody space, definitely more in cell and gene therapy, perhaps more geographically.We have some interesting deals in the research model studies, believe it or not, something you would not anticipate, some small opportunities in biologics and microbial. So, and we wouldn't do anything in Safety unless it was a small niche deal, small niche technology of something that we don't do now and I can't imagine what that is or something that could be additive to something we'd like to do more of. And we got that with CiTox and with MPI, we picked up those capabilities.So we feel very good about where we stand right now. We're 6 months post CiTox, even though that's a complex one. We're locked and loaded financially to do deals, but we won't do one unless it meets our financial hurdles. We have multiple conversations going on right now real time, as we always do. So don't be surprised if we do something and don't be surprised if we don't. But no artificial number. So and I think you're asking the question because we threw out the $1 billion, so it's a fair question. So given the landscape that we see, given the size of the company and the growth rate, given the types of things that we want to add and their growth rates, on a composite basis, we think that's a pretty realistic number. And while we have a real clear view today what the composite will be, we could actually tell you what companies that would comprise, if not the way it will turn out. But the areas in which we invest will be quite similar. And we don't -- we have some but we have less strategic competition than we have historically, although I would say an increasing amount of sponsor competition, financial sponsors. So that's the M&A strategy.
Juan Avendano: Got it. I appreciate the color and detail. And you just completed a compensation adjustment last year and that just annualized. How do you feel about your compensation structure now? And how likely is another adjustment necessary over the next 2 years?
Jim Foster: That was an important catch-up in multiple geographies, and we have a whole new human resources organization, and we're really working hard to stay way ahead of that. So I think if we ever had to make any adjustments, they will be small subtle specific geographic adjustments because competition waxes and wanes in certain geographies. But our starting wages are competitive with different types of companies in the geos that we're in. It's easier to recruit people and our retention has improved as well. So highly unlikely we would ever have to make an adjustment with that magnitude.
Operator: And we'll go to Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wald: Hi. This is Andrew Wald on for Jack. In RMS, how did the GEMS business perform in the quarter? We noticed that wasn't called out in the slide deck.
Jim Foster: Good catch. It's doing fine. Things fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. The GEMS business has been a very steady growth business for us and very strong pretty much across the world, certainly in the U.S. and Europe, and thirdly, in Japan. So technology is a great necessity to the researchers. I think we're one of the premier players in terms of producing and providing those models to our clients.Just there are a couple of other facets in the quarter that were more dramatic from a financial point of view so we called those out more readily. That's really what it's about.
Andrew Wald: Great. And in the past, you've spoken about legacy Charles River clients beginning to audit some of your newer sites, like MPI. Have you seen this play out with clients becoming more flexible?
Jim Foster: We have. So it's a really big footprint. If you look at our Discovery and Safety sites, it's something like 37. And so we can do multiple things. If they just want to work close by, there's a site we're close by. If they want to work in multiple sites, they can do that. If they want a specific scientific capability, we can point them to a single site or multiple sites. So it's given them more flexibility and us more flexibility as well.Sometimes the clients are agnostic to where they go so we can place them there, and sometimes, they have very specific needs. It's important for them to audit and see the facilities themselves. So it's a very powerful footprint right now, and we're definitely using it strategically to our advantage and should be able to continue to do so.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Jack Rogoff: This is Jack Rogoff on for Bob. So it sounds like you feel good about your staffing levels in the DSA business and I think some of the margin headwinds in the first half of the year were related to staffing increases to meet demand beyond the wage increases, which had been known since 2018. So at this stage, do you foresee another bolus of DSA hiring on the horizon? Or should we expect a more smooth progression going forward?
Jim Foster: You should see a more smooth progression. What we tried to iterate clearly in our prepared remarks, so let me repeat it, is that we've invested heavily in capacity and infrastructure, in wages and in numbers of people to do the work. Some of it was catch up because the business had been more robust than we had anticipated. I think that we've caught up nicely. We'll have to add people sort of subtly as we continue to grow. And we're quite confident that we'll see some leverage from those investments in the bottom line going forward.
Operator: We'll go to Don Hooker with KeyBanc.
Don Hooker: So you guys don't talk about pricing, I get that. But in terms of the study start timing, or any kind of delays there? I know it's hard to kind of -- I know you do a lot of different types of studies, but any kind of commentary that you can give us around study start-ups?
Jim Foster: So we'd like the clients to wait as long as possible. They don't agree with that philosophy. So we have to be flexible enough to accommodate clients who really need to start immediately. And I think we have enough capacity right now that we're able to do that for clients where we have rational price points and rational relationships. So we certainly are competitive from a study start point of view. Occasionally, we might lose some more, but that's probably something that we consciously know and we've done a very good job accommodating clients' needs throughout the year. And there's no reason why that shouldn't continue.
Don Hooker: Okay. And then one last quick one. In terms of capital spending to sort of maintain your infrastructure as you grow, it sounded like some CapEx was delayed into 2020. So I guess I would assume 2020 is going to be a pretty intense year for capital spending. What is a normal sort of CapEx rate, maybe as a percent of revenues or something else that we can sort of think about going forward for you guys?
David Smith: So in New York, we signaled that the sort of typical yardstick would be under 7% of revenue. That said, just a couple of comments on this year, which actually reflect on next year as well. We've not starved any business of CapEx. They've got the means to deliver the sort of growth rates that we're expecting in the near term. And we're very pleased with the aggregate space that we have in Safety Assessment. In North America, we've still got an opportunity in MPI in the space there. And Citoxlab gave us some opportunities in Europe, which enabled us -- Citoxlab did enable us to delay some of the spend into 2020.But we're continuing to control the spend, making sure that the capacity that we put on is kind of at that bleeding edge of the need for the service that we need to provide. So we're actually looking at this year, from our perspective, it's a good news item because we've been able to control that spend on CapEx that's similar to 2018.Now to the core of your question, we'll obviously give more detail as to where we think CapEx will be in 2020, but we will continue to make sure we control it tightly without starving the units. But at the moment, the uptick is under 7%, and we will sharpen that up in February for 2020.
Operator: And we'll go to Dan Brennan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe the first one, just within the 120 basis points or so of the margin expansion targeted through 2021, could you just give us a bridge? Just I know you've given us quantification for CiTox in biologic capacity absorption and unallocated corporate overhead, but like is it possible to just kind of bridge that 120 basis points with some of those discrete factors?
David Smith: Yes. So in New York, we gave some signals as to where the margin should be. RMS, north of 25%. The real expansion is in the DSA segment. Manufacturing is already in the mid-30s and we expect that to continue next year. And then the unallocated corporate costs will continue to come down. So the 2 areas where you get the bridge is through DSA and through the unallocated corporate costs.
Dan Brennan: And specifically though, David, like in terms of that biologic capacity absorption in CiTox, how much are they kind of viewed -- if you just separate those 2 out for the $120 million, how much would they kind of account for that?
David Smith: Well, we don't break out microbial from biologics. But Manufacturing, obviously, we've had a drag from biologics this year. But we were in the mid-30s prior to that investment this year. And as you heard this morning, we are back into the mid-30s for Manufacturing. So we expect that to continue.So you get, obviously, from an EPS point of view, you get the leverage on the revenue growth, but bringing back to your question about where the margin expansion is, it's really the expansion in DSA and unallocated corporate costs.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then maybe just one other unrelated one. I know at the Investor Day, you were very bullish on Discovery. Sounded like you thought there was a real inflection coming in terms of penetration opportunity. Could you just help us think about kind of how -- like the magnitude of this coming penetration opportunity you see and how that might influence the current growth rate of Discovery as we look out over the next couple of years?
Jim Foster: A whole host of technology will be beneficial for our clients once they discover a target or molecule, or in some cases, we help them to do that. So we've got -- we have an increasing number of Discovery clients working across our whole portfolio. That was the logic of the strategy. And we think that will continue to increase dramatically. We also think that a lot of our M&A -- and as we said in our prepared remarks, we haven't commented yet in the Q&A, we're doing technology deals where we're finding pretty cutting-edge technologies where we're making a small upfront investment, sort of seeing whether the technology is as good as the company says it is. And those will either to be long-term marketing arrangements or deals that don't work out or potential acquisitions. So if they're continued market arrangements or acquisitions, that will expand the Discovery portfolio even earlier.So the strategy is to grab the clients as early as possible, and they're always in a race to get to market. So if we get them early, we do good work for them, they'll tend to stay with us through the development and life cycle of the drug. So very, very important strategic lever. It's going really well. It's got nice growth metrics, should have improving margin metrics. It's very, very complex science. So that's a lot of the places where we grab these very small biotech clients, very early, who are very -- who are insistent on world-class science, instead of bringing it in-house.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to Todd Spencer for closing comments.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at several upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2019. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions.There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on our Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 470022. The replay will be available through August 14. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements.During the call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations in non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link.I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. We believe that Charles River is a stronger company today than it's ever been. We have invested tremendous effort over time to add people and capacity to accommodate growing client demand and to build a scalable operating model, to maintain and enhance our scientific leadership, to strengthen our relationships with clients and work with them to devise outsourcing solutions which enable them to increase productivity and speed to market, and to create a culture of continuous improvement in which our employees are open to working in new ways which improve our efficiency and responsiveness to clients.We maintained our focus on early-stage drug research and manufacturing support solutions, strategically expanding our portfolio to provide clients with the critical capabilities they require to discover, develop and safely manufacture new drugs. The acquisition of CiTox which was completed on April 29 was another step forward in our strategy. We will continue to invest in and enhance our industry-leading portfolio to fulfill our long-term strategic goals to further differentiate ourselves from the competition and to move with the fast pace of innovation in our markets. By doing so, we will enhance the value we provide to our clients' research efforts and become an even stronger drug discovery and development partner.These initiatives have positioned us exceptionally well to compete for business now when biotech companies are aggressively investing new funding in their pipelines, global pharma companies are continuing to make decisions to outsource, and academic institutions are working with biopharma companies to discover new drugs. Our second quarter results demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and the progress that we have made on its execution as well as a continuation of the strong industry fundamentals, including biotech funding.As anticipated, second quarter organic revenue growth was within our prior full year range of 8% to 9.5%, and low double-digit earnings per share growth exceeded our prior outlook. As a result, we expect to meet or exceed the 2019 financial guidance that we provided in May.I will now provide highlights of our second quarter performance. We reported revenue of $657.6 million in the second quarter of 2019, a 12.3% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth was 8.5% with continued strength reported across each of our business segments. From a client perspective, biotech clients continued to drive revenue growth as the funding environment remained robust and the invested funds in new areas of drug research. The operating margin was 8.5 -- 18.5%, a decrease of 20 basis points year-over-year. On the segment basis, the Manufacturing and RMS segments were the primary drivers of the decline. The margin headwinds that we have mentioned since last year, the compensation structure adjustment, the large Insourcing Solutions contract and the Biologics capacity expansion reduced the operating margin by 50 basis points.Earnings per share were $1.63 in the second quarter, an increase of 12.4% from $1.45 in the second quarter of last year. Strong revenue growth and higher operating income drove the year-over-year increase, while a lower-than-anticipated tax rate contributed to the outperformance versus our prior outlook. With first half organic revenue growth at 9.6%, we are well positioned to achieve our updated organic revenue growth outlook of 8.5% to 9.5% for the year. We increased our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.05 to a range of $6.45 to $6.60, reflecting our expectation of a lower tax rate in 2019. This represents earnings per share growth of 11% to 14% year-over-year.I'd like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue was $405.5 million, an 8.7% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of 2018. Both the Safety Assessment and Discovery Services businesses continued to perform very well, with Safety Assessment revenue growth moderately outpacing Discovery Services in the second quarter. Safety Assessment had another strong quarter, benefiting from robust demand from biotech clients and increased pricing. Our global Safety Assessment capacity remained well utilized, and bookings and proposal activity continued to reinforce our outlook for high single-digit organic growth in the DSA segment for the year.As a result of our dedicated focus on portfolio expansion, enhancing our scientific capabilities, improving our operating efficiency and developing flexible and customized working relationships, we are positioned exceptionally well to provide the support which our clients require in order to expedite their drug research efforts. And with the acquisition of Citoxlab in April, our extensive capabilities and global scale present an even more compelling value to our clients, whether they are global biopharma clients increasing their reliance on CROs or small and midsize biotech clients which have always relied on external resources.Our growth demonstrates that our clients recognize the value we provide, and we believe that they will continue to be significant client demand for our services. To manage our larger infrastructure and enhance the speed and responsiveness with which we can work with clients, it has become increasingly important that we ensure a seamless client experience across all of our sites and encourage clients to work across multiple sites. This offers clients access to much broader capabilities than they might have at a single site and reduces lead times to start studies. It also benefits our operating efficiency through shared resources and optimized capacity utilization. We are already beginning to see the benefits of our efforts to encourage client mobility, with a notable increase in the number of Safety Assessment sites used by our clients in the second quarter over the prior year. This, in turn, improves our proposal win rates because we're able to meet our clients' scheduling requirements and tighter start times.The integration of Citoxlab is progressing smoothly, and I'm pleased to say that we have accomplished the major goals we set for the first 90 days. Chief among those was integration of Citoxlab's talented staff and its clients, and initial feedback from both groups has been positive. Citoxlab's scientific teams have met with their Charles River colleagues to begin to share best practices and work collaboratively across our global network of sites. And as was the case was for both WIL and MPI, the teams at CiTox are very engaged and optimistic about the future of the company and the opportunities for career growth and are motivated to play a key role in further enhancing our position as the leading early-stage CRO. This collaborative and positive approach is already paying dividend as we have recognized some early opportunities to drive operational synergies, including leveraging other Charles River sites to conduct pathology and laboratory sciences work that Citoxlab had previously outsourced. We remain confident in our ability to achieve $8 million to $10 million in operational synergies over the next 2 years as the combined teams continue to forge stronger and more seamless relationships.The Discovery business had a solid quarter, led by strong demand for early discovery services as well as client utilization of our new site in South San Francisco. Demand for our early discovery services continues to strengthen as clients partner with us for a single project or for their larger integrated discovery programs. Client interest in our integrated drug discovery programs was very strong in the second quarter, leading to our highest-ever win rate on proposals for these projects. These wins are building an excellent pipeline for early discovery projects in the second half of the year.We continued to expand our Discovery portfolio and footprint. The addition of Citoxlab's discovery capabilities provides additional solutions in drug transporter and drug-drug interaction research to enhance our client's drug discovery efforts. In addition, clients are increasingly placing work at our expanded South San Francisco discovery site, which opened at the beginning of this year. It offers a wider range of discovery capabilities, from CNS to DMPK and bioanalytical services, to this fast-growing West Coast biotech client base.We also continued to evaluate opportunities to add innovative discovery capabilities to our portfolio, as we believe creating a comprehensive solution at the earliest stages of drug research will enhance client retention or stickiness as their programs progress through the pipeline. Our recent alliance with Distributed Bio is a prime example of this. Our combined large molecule discovery capabilities are generating considerable client interest. We intend to continue to bind -- to build our Discovery portfolio to reinforce our position as the premier single source provider for a comprehensive range of discovery services.The DSA operating margin declined 40 basis points year-over-year to 21.1% in the second quarter, but improved significantly on a sequential basis as we anticipated. The year-over-year decline was principally caused by higher costs associated with staff and capacity investments, including last year's adjustment to our compensation structure. This was partially offset by higher pricing and the operating income benefit from R&D tax credits related to the Citoxlab acquisition. Notwithstanding this benefit, the acquisition of Citoxlab created a small margin headwind in the second quarter. We expect the DSA operating margin will continue to improve sequentially in the second half of the year, primarily driven by the anniversary of the compensation structure adjustment on July 1 and slower hiring after an acceleration of staff additions into the first half of the year to help support the strong client demand.RMS revenue was $136.1 million, an increase of 6.8% on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2018. The primary drivers of RMS revenue growth continued to be strong demand for Research Model Services and for research models in China.From a services perspective, Insourcing Solutions contract with NIAID, which commenced last September, contributed approximately 350 basis points to the revenue increase. Aside from the benefits from the NIAID contract, the Insourcing Solutions business continued to perform very well as clients took advantage of our flexible solutions for their vivarium management and related research needs.Last quarter, we discussed the success of our CRADL initiative, or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs, to provide both small and large pharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity in the Boston/Cambridge biohub. We were pleased to announce earlier this month the planned expansion of our CRADL initiative to the South San Francisco biohub, which is expected to open in early 2020. We continue to support clients through a variety of working arrangements from our traditional insourcing option of providing staff and expertise to manage a vivarium at a client site, to CRADL where we provide flexible vivarium space at a Charles River site.Our GEMS business also continued to benefit from our clients' use of CRISPR and other technologies to create genetically modified models faster and more cost effectively. Clients come to us because we have the expertise to help them derive and maintain a proprietary model colonies which play an increasingly critical role as drug research becomes more complex with a shift to oncology, rare disease, and cell and gene therapies.Revenue growth in our Research Model production business continued to be driven by China, which is performing very well. The research model market in China continues to be a significant growth opportunity for us, and our goal is to achieve a 50% market share throughout all of China. To achieve this goal, we intend to continue to add capacity in new regions of China. Outside of China, we expect a continuation of the research model trends that have been largely present for several years: declining demand from large biopharma, increasing demand from biotechs and consistent price increases. Combining these factors with our expectations for continued growth in China and our services businesses, we expect to continue to generate low single-digit growth for the RMS segment over the longer term.The RMS operating margin decreased by 130 basis points to 25.5%. The decline was driven by 3 factors: the lower-margin NIAID contract, the compensation structure adjustment, and lower demand for research models outside of China. The headwinds from the NIAID contract and the compensation structure adjustment will be anniversaried during the second half of the year. To help offset volume pressure in mature markets, we continue to look at new ways to enhance operating efficiency, from cost reduction to driving towards a more digital RMS enterprise, with the goal of -- to sustaining RMS operating margin.Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $116 million, a 9.8% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of last year. The increase was driven by strong demand across both the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing Solutions businesses.Microbial Solutions had another strong quarter with growth in the low-double digits. Our advantage as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing continued to resonate with our clients, which was demonstrated by a robust demand across our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges, core reagents, Accugenix microbial identification services and Celsis bioburden solutions. Sales of our Celsis product line had a particularly strong quarter. We launched a new Celsis rapid sterility test earlier this year, which is already beginning to gain client adoption and replace manual testing methods used to expedite the release of their pharmaceutical project -- products.We also continued to invest to support future growth, including through geographic expansion and operational enhancements. We are opening a site in Shanghai to create a stronger presence in the growing China market and are also investing in process improvements to further enhance Microbial Solutions operating efficiency.Revenue growth in the Biologics business dipped slightly below the 10% level in the second quarter, but the business still had a very good quarter overall, and we continue to expect growth in the low double digits for the year. Revenue was driven by the robust growth in biologics drug development as demonstrated by the number of large molecule drugs in the pipeline and the new innovative solutions to cure unmet medical needs.To accommodate this demand and enhance our position as a premier provider of these critical services, we are adding capacity globally. In the new Pennsylvania facility, which is our largest global expansion, continues to progress well, and the transition is expected to be completed by the end of the year. As we have mentioned in the past, we are operating 2 facilities as we transfer services to the new site in order to ensure that the transition is seamless for our clients. This is creating duplicate costs during the transition, resulting in a 60 basis point headwind to the segment's operating margin in the second quarter; however, these costs are expected to moderate during the second half of the year.The Manufacturing segment second quarter operating margin was 30.9%, a 270 basis point decrease year-over-year. The decline was primarily related to higher costs from investments to support growth in both the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses that I previously mentioned. The second quarter margin was slightly lower than we had anticipated. But as we have regularly said, our business is not linear and we expect the Manufacturing segment's operating margin to approach the mid-30% level in the fourth quarter as many of these headwinds dissipate.As we continue to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO, we have become the go-to partner for an expanding number of clients who recognize our scientific expertise, global scale and deep commitment to them. We have increasingly become an integral part of the solution to more efficient and productive drug research, where the clients utilize Charles River to augment their internal expertise or because they have no in-house infrastructure and choose to partner with the most experienced scientific CRO. Working collaboratively with us to design studies or projects and interpret the results expands our clients' bandwidth and capabilities as they make critical go or no-go decisions about their early-stage pipelines. Our importance to our clients increases as we expand our broad portfolio. Therefore, they increasingly rely on our expertise across a wider array of scientific solutions.We believe that the continued expansion of our portfolio and our scientific expertise, superb execution and our flexibility and responsiveness are the basis for long-lasting relationships with our clients and our future growth.We are maintaining our intense focus on the initiatives that we view as critical to expanding the value we provide for clients. We are continuing to assess opportunities to broaden our portfolio of early-stage drug research and manufacturing support solutions with strategic acquisitions as well as through internal investments in unique arrangements such as our large molecule discovery partnership with Distributed Bio. The cutting-edge innovation in drug research is generating significant funding that continues to fuel the pipelines of the biotech industry, which in turn, fuels our growth. We intend to remain on the leading edge of this innovation by further investing in our scientific capabilities, whether it be to add new technologies to enhance our therapeutic area expertise or to better capitalize on emerging scientific trends, such as the proliferation of large-molecule drugs in the pipeline and on the market.While acquisitions are a vital component of our growth strategy, we will also continue to invest in the staff and resources necessary to support current and future growth, in technology to be able to work more seamlessly and efficiently with our clients and protect their data, and in our scientific expertise to further differentiate ourselves from the competition. By doing so, we aim to partner with our clients to support a broader spectrum of their scientific needs, which will help us achieve our long-term growth goals and enhance shareholder value.In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their exceptional work and commitment.Now David Smith will give you additional details on our second quarter results and 2019 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation.We are pleased with our solid results for the second quarter, with organic revenue growth of 8.5% and earnings per share growth of 12.4%, both consistent with our long-term financial targets as well as our outlook for the year. Reported revenue growth of 12.3% was also in line with our prior outlook of low double-digit growth despite a larger-than-anticipated 1.9% headwind from foreign exchange due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The operating margin declined 20 basis points year-over-year to 18.5% in the second quarter, but improved sequentially from 16.3% in the first quarter, in line with our prior expectations. As Jim discussed, the year-over-year decrease reflected margin pressure from the NIAID contract, the biologic capacity expansion and last year's compensation structure adjustment, which collectively reduced the operating margin by 50 basis points.We expect the second half operating margin to improve over the first half level as we anniversary the compensation structure adjustment and the other headwinds become smaller. For the full year, we're continuing to expect the operating margin to be similar to the 2018 level of 18.8% despite slight margin dilution associated with the Citoxlab acquisition.Second quarter earnings per share increased 12.4% to $1.63, which exceeded our prior outlook of high single-digit growth, due in part to a lower-than-expected tax rate. Our second quarter tax rate was 22.1%, representing a 120 basis point decline from 23.3% in the second quarter of last year. Primarily associated with the Citoxlab acquisition, we recognized incremental R&D tax credits, which reduced the tax rate and generated a small corresponding benefit to the DSA operating margin in the quarter. As a result of the R&D tax credits, we are lowering our full year tax rate outlook by approximately 100 basis points to a range of 22.5% to 23.5%.Unallocated corporate costs for the second quarter were $34.9 million or 5.3% of revenue, which was below last year's level of 6.2%. As we continue to build a scalable infrastructure to support our growing business, we expect to maintain our non-GAAP unallocated corporate costs at or slightly below 6% of total revenue in 2019. Total adjusted net interest expense for the second quarter was $16.8 million, an increase of $0.6 million sequentially, reflecting a partial quarter of borrowing costs for the Citoxlab acquisition. For the year, we continue to expect adjusted net interest expense of $68 million to $71 million. As a reminder from last quarter, adjusted net interest expense is calculated as the net of interest expense, interest income and an FX adjustment related to forward FX contracts recorded in other income.We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to deploy capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation followed by debt repayment. At the end of the second quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $2.1 billion compared to $1.6 billion at the end of the first quarter, which excluded the acquisition of Citoxlab. Our gross leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter was 3.25x and our net leverage ratio was 2.9x. Absent any acquisitions, we are on track to reduce the gross leverage ratio below 3x within 12 months of the completion of the Citoxlab transaction. Year-to-date, we have not repurchased any shares and do not intend to in 2019.Free cash flow was $104.8 million in the second quarter, a slight increase compared to $102.7 million for the same period last year. Our free cash flow guidance for the year is unchanged at $310 million to $320 million. CapEx was $24.8 million in the second quarter, and we continue to expect to invest approximately $170 million in CapEx for the year. With respect to 2019 guidance, we are narrowing our revenue growth outlook to a range of 16% to 17% on a reported basis and 8.5% to 9.5% on an organic basis, reflecting continued strong demand trend and the contribution from Citoxlab.Foreign exchange is expected to be less favorable as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, and we now expect an approximate 1% to 1.5% FX headwind for the year compared to our prior outlook of approximately 50 basis points. We are increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.05 for the full year to a range of $6.45 to $6.60. The increase primarily reflects the associated benefit from the lower-than-expected tax rate. We continue to see healthy client demand across our businesses and are reaffirming our full year expectations for the segment revenue growth. We expect reported and organic revenue growth in the mid-single digits for the RMS segment and low double digits for the Manufacturing segment. For the DSA segment, including a contribution from Citoxlab, we expect reported revenue growth in the mid-20% range and high single-digit organic revenue growth.A detailed summary of our financial guidance can be found on Slide 38. For the third quarter, we expect the reported revenue growth rate to be in the mid-teens. On an organic basis, we expect the growth rate to improve slightly from the second quarter level as the Manufacturing segment growth is expected to rebound into the low double digits, which is consistent with the long-term target and our outlook for the year. We expect low-teens earnings per share growth when compared to the third quarter 2018 level of $1.45. The third quarter operating margin is expected to be similar to the second quarter level. The compensation structure adjustment on July 1 is now guided which mitigates one of the headwinds, but we expect to incur modest costs related to cybersecurity enhancements in the third quarter.In conclusion, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, which included healthy revenue, earnings and free cash flow growth. We are confident about the prospects for the third quarter and are on track to achieve our full year financial outlook. We will continue to execute on our strategy of expanding and enhancing our business to meet the needs of today, while investing to accommodate the anticipated growth of tomorrow, always endeavoring to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO.Thank you.
James Foster: That concludes our comments. The operator will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.
Rong Li: This is Rong Li on for Ricky Goldwasser. So I just wanted to follow up on the margin dynamics. So when we think about the biggest drivers of margin improvement in second half of the year, how should we think about the various impacts from pricing versus mix of product and services and the cost reduction? I wonder if you can give some color around how you manage margins and SG&A going forward.And then my second question is around the RMS segment. And you mentioned about the cost reduction to drive a digital RMS enterprise. I wonder if you can talk a bit about the initiative you are contemplating here.
David Smith: So, well, that's a big question. And so in summary, I think a lot of what we've described this morning is very similar to what we described in the first quarter. What we've been using this morning to do is to kind of reaffirm some of the comments that we made before. So a lot of what we talked about, the RMS, and which Jim called out, will continue to go through the year. We did talk last quarter extensively about how the DSA margin in the second half of the year would be stronger than the first half of the year, and we have reaffirmed that this morning. And we called out in the last quarter quite a lot of the drivers after why we found out that was the case. Manufacturing is weaker in Q2, but we have reaffirmed that, that will continue to build towards the mid-30 margins that we strive for long-term, and we will achieve that by Q4.So without repeating a lot of what we described on the call, I'll move on to your other question, which I think was around the RMS digital enterprise. In simple terms, the way I would describe that is the way of simplifying our ordering and access to our inventory, and it will also allows clients' access to our data. And that's a key driver, we believe, in enhancing the way that clients will interface with us, but also will enable us to be more efficient and that will drive more efficiency going forward.
James Foster: We also reduced some capacity at the small facility we have in San Diego. We're continuing to look closely at our capacity. We will continue to look at ways to systematize things that have been overly manual historically in this business. Going back to David's response to the digital enterprise, our overriding focus there, in addition to being obviously more efficient, is to drive more sales, particularly in the academic sector where we think that we can distinguish ourselves with that sort of technology.
Rong Li: Got it. And you mentioned about like the better pricing like in SA. I just wonder if you can talk about your current expectations for pricing. Would you expect it to be like a big driver for margin improvement? I guess that's -- it's more of my question around how like you think about pricing versus the other various parts for driving margins going forward.
James Foster: You're talking specifically about Safety Assessment or across the whole business?
Rong Li: Across the whole business.
James Foster: Yes. So we're going to continue to get price, and it's a meaningful part of our business strategy. As you know, we're not going to call out specific margin -- specific pricing in Safety Assessment. But we're pleased with the prices that we're getting. I think that reflects the complexity and difficulty of the work that we're doing. And I think clients are increasingly willing to pay for science and responsiveness.
Operator: And we do have a question from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Congrats. Just on the Safety Assessment business. With Citoxlab sort of rolling in, in kind of geographic presence even more balanced across what's now by far the largest network, I guess. How is that helping evolve maybe some of the business development conversations you're having with maybe some of the large pharmas? And in general, that business also had a couple other areas that strengthens you like devices, et cetera. How are you thinking about some of those ultimately as kind of incremental growth drivers in the DSA unit for the foreseeable future?
James Foster: So I guess a couple of responses there. So we're thrilled to have greater capability in medical device testing to add to what we've had previously. And it's a strong market for us, and we're excited about that. We're also excited about the discovery assets that we get, particularly the drug transporter aspects, to be an integral part of our Discovery business. And as that portfolio continues to broaden, the client engagement is enhanced.On the Safety Assessment that is -- it is increasingly about the client mobility, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. The ability for clients to move more quickly because they have more options, to be more strategic about how they work with us, to use proximity when preferred and to be increasingly more comfortable with multiple Charles River sites, so that in time, perhaps they'll be actually agnostic to where the work goes because they get such consistency and high-quality work from multiple sites.So we're seeing a real uptick with these 3 acquisitions that we made in the last 3 years which obviously expands our safety site footprint dramatically. And we're seeing lots of clients to legacy Charles River clients audit MPI, WIL and CiTox sites and vice versa, and that's increasingly sort of a movement that we're seeing. So the options that we provide versus the competition certainly versus what they were able to do internally for the big pharma clients is sort of logarithmically greater. And we're going to continue to see this increase because as space continues to tighten, their ability to be comfortable with multiple sites really enhances their ability to get work started in the time frame that they are happy with.
Ross Muken: And maybe on the sort of RMS business with respect to China. Having just been there, I mean, biotech is absolutely on fire in terms of investment and aspirations. And it seems more and more the desire for kind of western products and to use kind of what's leading in the U.S. continues to be an increasing bias. I guess how are you thinking about kind of the evolution of that business model specifically? But also, what else ultimately you can kind of wrap in around that to sort of grow your presence there?
James Foster: Yes. The Research Model business, we are continuing to aggressively build out new capacity. We finished the big Shanghai facility, and we're looking at 2 other locations right now to expand our bandwidth. It's relatively straightforward proposition in terms of being in close proximity where the research is being done and have a higher quality of product than the competition, which we're quite confident that we do are. Competitive base continues to be primarily Chinese companies. And while they may figure it out in time, the quality is just not very high and not consistently so when it is high volume starting and stopping of Chinese companies face. As you see this massive infusion of capital going into both pharma and biotech companies in China and expanding into new locales, it's just not going to be able to do the research with our high-quality animals. So we're enjoying a terrific growth rate in that business which we think are absolutely sustainable. And of course, we've added capability in our Microbial business as well.The strategy to expand the portfolio in China to be as comprehensive as it is in the rest of the world is inevitable, but I'm not entirely straightforward proposition because of the M&A opportunities over there have valuations that we're not very happy with. They're pretty high. So we're figuring out the best way to proceed and slightly that we'll have to start some things up. I would imagine that Discovery would be first and Safety would follow.
Operator: We have a question from David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: You, Jim, teased a couple of metrics that I was hoping to get some additional perspective on. So one of those is talking about seeing an increase -- a market increase in the number of sites that clients are using versus 2Q of last year. I wondered if you could kind of give us an average of what's the average of what clients use or where were they last year, where are they this year. And then on the China discussion goal to be 50% market share in China from what now, so kind of -- you tickle my fancy. What might those numbers be?
James Foster: So we have about 30% share now, and we're confident and insistent and persistent in our average to get through at least the 50% share, which is sort of where we are in rest of the world. Hopefully, it will be higher, but we'll settle that. Rapidly growing market. We think it will be as larger and larger in the U.S. as we've said before. Units are increasing dramatically. And it's a market that is reminiscent of some decades ago in the other parts the world. And with the level of investment, that's why we can continue. So, yes, we look at the world inside chunks for that strategic plan horizon, and we're certainly confident that we're going to have this consistently high level of growth rates for the next 5 years. And I'm sure it will be higher.The client mobility, I mean, I have a few statistics that may or may not be helpful. So we're seeing an increase in clients working across our portfolio from Discovery to Safety, so 20% of our clients are doing both with us and 50% of Discovery clients are working in Safety. Some of that has to do with just a larger cadre of facilities available to them, and some of that has to do with the things that I've talked about earlier, which is proximity, capability and the fact that, I think, the client base has generally had some level of concern about capacity being available to them. We like this sort of balanced supply and demand curve that we have right now.And it's been very interesting to watch clients who historically would never have gone MPI and WIL and CiTox that are now happily, both varieties have been using them and converse the clients that would haven't use Charles River for a variety of reasons that are now using our sites. So while it becomes perhaps more significant, perhaps we'll break that out in numerically data. But for now, we're just -- we're very pleased with the uptick in both directions from legacy -- our own legacy clients and clients of the three companies that we bought.
David Windley: And to clarify on that. Your data points that you did give are kind of between Discovery and Safety. But the push here is not only that, but also clients that are willing to use Montral, Ambro [ph], CiTox, et cetera, et cetera, right?
James Foster: That's right. So the first comment is about the strength and diversity and kind of depth of the portfolio and the ability to target clients. Really, the client mobility comments, specifically with reference to Safety, is just as lit the large number of sites which provide clients options and then with the continuity of quality of service across those sites. So it will become increasingly fungible for them, and the options are easier for them to give the answer around that. I think that a lot of them to move more quickly than they have historically where they would only work with one side or maybe two, and that's becoming a competitive advantage for us.
David Windley: Understood.
David Smith: But the percentage increase on the number of clients using more than one site, it's the increase and its percentage times is double-digit. So it's meaningful.
Operator: We have a question from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: I want to touch on Manufacturing. You noted Biologics dipped a little bit. You are still confident in a recovery. Can you just talk to that confidence in the back half of the year rebound? And then has the Pennsylvania manufacturing support facility actually come online? And if so, can you talk anything about capacity utilization in the early days here?
James Foster: Yes. So the Pennsylvania facility, the plan which we're in the midst of that securing of its parts and pieces, specific laboratories and activities we're performing in the old site go online and the new site with some duplications in some period of time while we ensure that we've made the GMP transition in a successful manner. And we want to liaise the clients over to the new sites. So some of the new capabilities are up and open, and clients are working with us. And all the while for the rest of the year, capabilities will shift and move here.So it's on track. It's going well. It's a fabulous new facility. We're quite confident that clients will be happy with it. It will be more efficient to work in a facility of that scale, which is kind of a built out in a more organizational fashion. Our own facility is fine, it's just sort of been expanded over time and it's less selling at the starting from scratch.Look, it had a really good quarter, slightly below double digits. And we're quite confident. I think the first 6 months actually was well above double digits, I think, well above double digits. That is the case of that business for reasons that we're starting all that much. They just are what they are. It starts up much slower than some of other businesses as the clients sort of sort out what molecules they're going to test with that, and it tends to build more aggressively in the back half of the year. We've seen that for sure in the last couple of years. So I'm quite confident that we'll end the year with a double -- more than double-digit sales growth and that the margins will continue to improve.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then as we're sitting here, there's headlines come across in the White House for the prescription import program, pilot program potentially coming. You've kind of talked on drug pricing headline risk in the past. But if we really do get an import program, what's your sense of what that potentially could do to early stage, if anything at all?
James Foster: I mean it's such a tough question to try to predict. We don't hear about drug pricing from our clients, and we do business with virtually everybody in the drug development field doesn't mean that they're not focused on it, but it's not a relevant part of the conversation with us certainly for now. And no new program is slightly affect only drugs that are already in the market or generics as opposed to the sort of breakthrough drugs, which is most of the work or -- versus all of the work that we're doing.So it's hard to believe that their investments in R&D and their investments in shortening their pipelines will, in any way, become sluggish. It's also quite probable that this -- if there is more pricing pressure, that -- it will instigate more outsourcing rather than less. So we feel that our job is to be as efficient as possible, be as responsive as possible, be as cost-effective as possible and easy to work with, which allows them to spend less money internally. But obviously, their futures are premised on discovering new drugs and game in the market, that's the role that we play. So we'll obviously watch carefully but doesn't seem to be in the -- it is part of the current conversation except periodically on Washington.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And if I could ask one last quick one. On cybersecurity, any lingering liability issues there or anything we should be thinking about going forward? Obviously, you've stepped up your investments there on the IP side.
James Foster: Yes. So that incident really had no effect on our day-to-day operations. It impacted a very small percentage of our clients, 1%. We've had conversations with all of them. I would say that as a group, and pretty much without exception, clients have -- they're certainly weren't happy with it, but they were really pleased with how forthcoming we were and they are understanding of the situation. And I think in many ways, it enhanced our reputation with them in terms of the responsiveness and the openness in which we dealt with it. And certainly, we've strengthened our internal capabilities going forward.
Operator: We have a question from Eric Coldwell from Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Two questions. First, Manufacturing Services, given your comments about Microbials and Biologics growth which were both solid, Avian must have been fairly slow in the quarter. I'm hoping we could get an update on that business specifically. And then second question. You've acquired 3 notable Safety Assessment competitors in recent years. Can you just give us a refresher on how and how much that impacts the reported growth rates in Research Models? And any impact on 2019 growth in RMS related to the CiTox acquisition, just the mechanics of that?
James Foster: So Avian, which we don't break out very often because it's a small business, didn't have a strong quarter. So you're right with that. We're not going to give the exact percentages. And then that business, like many of our businesses even though that would probably point us as some fluctuations in terms of the clients' buying patterns, which are a little bit difficult to predict. Do we have the percentage on the second part of his question?
Todd Spencer: The last time we updated, it was about 5% of our Research Model volume is from intercompany sales -- goes to the intercompany, the DSA segment, including the recent acquisitions. So it is an impact to the growth rate year-over-year and particularly shy when we acquired a new Safety Assessment competitor.
Operator: We have a question from John Kreger, William Blair.
John Kreger: Jim, we hear a lot currently about cell and gene therapy being really driving a lot of increased activity. I'm curious how that impacts your businesses. Does it flow through as any other new drug would? Or are there any sort of unique aspects of that, that play into your capabilities?
James Foster: Yes. Definitely going to be a driver of growth for all of us in the drug development space. We reckoned we have about $100 million of revenue right now across that portfolio. Yes, those drugs are going to go through sort of normal pharmacology and safety requirements to get the new market. We're also seeing benefits in our Biologics business to test those drugs both before they go into the clinic and after they get into the marketplace. It's going to have some benefits to our Microbial business as well.So pretty much across our entire portfolio will have engagements with cell and gene therapy drugs. I think that will be an area of continued focus for us to continue to expand our scale, to make some technology investments in that space and perhaps some M&A in that space as well.
John Kreger: Great. And then maybe just a quick one on your Safety Assessment business. How are lead times right now compared to a year or two ago? Are you seeing them stretch out or are they pretty stable?
James Foster: We like where the lead times are because clients are waiting, and I think I have to do a better job in planning and prioritizing the products by the same token, since we bought several of our competitors. I think in some ways we have to be more responsive now particularly to clients that are using a larger percentage of our portfolio. So both bookings and proposals are quite strong. It's a lot of work out there. We're trying to be as responsive to clients as possible. They're not particularly patient and where previously they may have gone to work with one of our competitors, obviously, that's now part of our portfolio. So I think in some ways, we'll be more responsive to them.
David Smith: And to the earlier question around client mobility, that actually helps us to ensure that the lead times are not expanding.
Operator: The next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Juan Avendano: This is Juan Avendano for Derik. On capital deployment, do you expect M&A to take a backseat to organic investments in CapEx going forward, given that we now know that there are a few Safety Assessment, M&A opportunities going forward? And as we know also, you have the San Francisco facility under Biologics capacity expansion ongoing. And so if you could just give us some thoughts on capital deployment. And any shifts in the ranks and priorities across CapEx and organic investments and M&A?
James Foster: Yes. Strategic acquisitions will always be our premier and preferred use of our capital. That's the way we build a business and that's where we built the portfolio which is unique in its nature. So we remain active looking for M&A targets. There are many out there that would enhance our portfolio, particularly in the Discovery space. We are in the cell and gene therapy. There aren't any big acquisitions left for us in Safety, although we could do something someday in another geographic locale.We have acquisition opportunities that remain pretty much across the board in most of the businesses in which we participate. Having said that, we're obviously going to continue to invest aggressively in our current business and portfolio businesses given our current guidance from between 8.5% and 9.5% organically sets pretty high growth rate, so as we continue to feed those business and provide additional capacity.And then perhaps the most -- or more interesting is the notion that we're making these bets in companies like Distributed Bio where we will either make small equity or investments or loan them money and work with them to see whether technologies are robust or not, and those will either fall by the wayside as kind of R&D investments if we are not happy with the technology, or they can become joint ventures or several -- or some of them hopefully will become acquisitions.So I think we're covering the landscape really well. The company has grown in large measure through acquisition, and I think we're getting a lot better at -- now and finding a due diligence on the targets but integrating them in a robust way. So you should see us invest aggressively in all 3 of those buckets.
Juan Avendano: Okay. Got it. And so a follow-up again and so maybe perhaps that the number of tuck-ins that you'd be doing in areas outside of Safety Assessment would be enough to move the needle on an overall M&A basis?
James Foster: We'll see. There's a lot of them and there are some deals that are larger than tuck-ins. And it's tough to predict because even deals that we were interested in doesn't mean it will prevail and it will elect for prices. But there's a fair amount of activity that would significantly enhance both the price and the impact of our portfolio, and yes, that's where we're looking at.
Juan Avendano: Got it. And then if you could give us a qualitative update on the Microbial Solutions market. We haven't spoken about this in a while. But we know that it's about a $2 billion market opportunity. If you could give us an update on perhaps the percentage of customers that have migrated into the real-time faster microbial testing solutions, the penetration rate of those or maybe the number of installed microbial solution cartridges in the market. Any qualitative update on that market since you acquired Celsis in July of 2015 will be appreciated.
James Foster: Yes. So we are in a robust and rapidly growing market. And we just launched a sterility product that's, I think, that's another $500 million or $600 million market, so market's $2 billion, $2.5 billion, as you said. Our business is strong and dramatically strong in double-digit rates, I think, every quarter for over 10 years. We see that continuing. Our technology is more robust than the competitions, and we are converting a lot of our clients to use our older technologies to our new ones, we're also converting a lot of the competitions. Clients were using their older technologies to our new -- more robust ones with the -- our hand-held unit and the cartridges.So we're not going to get any more granular than that in terms of numbers of units or other than the robustness of the growth rate, strength of the probability. And the fact that all 3 of these -- the core business and the 2 acquisitions we've made to fit together extremely well. We're making great progress in the pharmaceutical sector and in other parts of the markets that we service, and we still have a lot of runway in front of us.
Operator: We have a question from Sandy Draper with SunTrust.
Alexander Draper: I guess maybe somewhat staying on the Manufacturing theme, maybe a little bit of a shorter-term and longer-term question, Jim. When I think about the Manufacturing business, and when I think about the growth drivers and I sort of break it into market growth, your ability to drive existing product growth and your ability to launch new products, is there a way to sort of frame that in terms of when we think about the growth, how much is dependent on just the overall market growth? Is it more dependent on your success in selling or is it more dependent on your success in rolling out new products? And obviously, doesn't have to be exact, but some type of qualitative commentary around those buckets in Manufacturing.
James Foster: Yes. You've got two primary businesses that the market demand in Biologics is obviously intense and it's related to the proliferation of large molecule drugs and new modalities. So we have an intense market demand. We have very strong competitors. All of us are doing quite well in that business. So that business is -- yes, there's some new SAs and capabilities that we all have to have. They're relatively straightforward. We distinguish ourselves on the basis of our scale, geographic proximity and responsiveness. And so that's investment in execution, so we're deep in our investment in more capacity right now, the Biologics business. And it's a little bit of a headwind in margins, which you all know. But even in spite of that, top line growth will be strong this year and hopefully strengthen in the future.The Microbial business is a bit of all of that, definitely strong market dynamics, a big -- a major shift in technologies from sort of old lines, slower ways of doing QC testing, which is costing the drug companies and consumer products companies that pay a lot of time and money. So I think we are able to outmaneuver the competition and actually enhance our own capabilities. There is somewhat of a necessity to continue to innovate and to some sense obsolete our own products, and as you know, that's the only business where we actually have IP.And so we've done a very good job staying ahead of the competition and having better solutions for the clients to do their work well in a more centralized basis and reduce the risk of having contaminated products. So it's a complicated patchwork in Microbial, but one that we have a market leadership position and intend to continue to invest aggressively to maintain it.
Operator: We have a question from Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to follow-up on the CapEx expectations and guidance. So to get to the $170 million for the full year, I think there's a big ramp in the back half. So was wondering if you could give us some color on where you're investing. And maybe specifically, in the Safety Assessment business, are there any aspirations to open up additional wings at some of your existing sites or some organic expansion that you're planning?
David Smith: Yes. So you're right. There is a right platform. If you actually look at our history, there's -- we've had a pattern where we tend to spend more on the second half of the year but that's just coincidence. You're right, the majority of that CapEx expansion is in Safety. There are some refurbishments or expansions that we're doing in Great Blakenham [ph] and we know, for instance, and in Canada, which we expect to come online and help us with the sort of capacity needs that we have in the sort of nearer term. So hopefully, that helps give you a bit of color.
Jack Meehan: Yes. That does. And then maybe just to wrap up. On the Safety Assessment margins, I know you've given a lot of color in terms of -- over the last years some of the impacts that have weighed on the margins there. But do you think it's where I can think 2019 or even into the fourth quarter, margins can start to stabilize or even show a little bit of an expansion? Or are there other investments that could weigh on that?
David Smith: So we've actually spent some time trying to convey that we do expect margin expansion in the second half for DSA. We should have -- we have what we will have -- we already have behind us the compensation structure adjustment, which was down on the 1st of July last year. And yes, we've still had a drag from Citoxlab, but we'll -- we are already working hard to work those margins up. So yes, second half of the year, the DSA stronger margins than the first half of the year. Indeed, that's the way that we get to the similar total drive on margins that we have for 2018.
Operator: We have a question from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: David, maybe just to follow-up on the DSA question. Obviously, you guys sound very confident in the ramp. But just looking at some the moving pieces, is there any more you could share around, for instance, the R&D tax credits? Seem like it was one of the offsets to some of the declines you highlighted in the quarter. Trying to get a sense of what that impact was on the EBIT line.And then, if I just look at the margins in the quarter, you guys described the better utilization of staff. You guys talked about the mobility improvement and the mobility between sites. But obviously, yet the margin was still down year-over-year in the quarter. So just trying to get a sense of the build from here with some of those moving pieces against the expected ramp in the back half.
David Smith: So the R&D tax credit clearly is a benefit not just for Q2, but that's a benefit that will might would lead into Q3, Q4. So that will obviously help us with the DSA margin because there's an upside there. When we acquired Citoxlab, we were still betting the reliability of that tax credit, which is why I know it's new information for you today. But at the time that we spoke last time, we have not got comfortable that those tax credits will be trendable. We're now comfortable that they are and that's the reason why that: a, they're in the future margin expansion for DSA margin but more prominently R&D, effective tax rate reduction that we've announced this morning of 100 basis points.And we did talk before about hiring up, and we do believe that we've got to the rightsizing for the DSA in terms of the staffing. And therefore, we're don't need to gross that as aggressively in the second half of the year, so that will also pose a benefit as we move into the second half. And as I mentioned just a moment ago, the compensation structure adjustment is now behind us. We continue to get good price volumes, et cetera. So really, the main tail -- the main headwind that we still have is with Citoxlab and similar to the research -- also, I think, similar to WIL Research back in 2016, we want those lines in depth, and we still feel confident that we will do the same with Citoxlab.
Operator: We have a question from Erin Wright with Crdit Suisse.
Erin Wright: Do you think you're seeing any sort of benefit to date given some of the commotion and recent transaction with the competitors Envigo and Covance? And I'm just curious if there's any changes in what you're seeing across the competitive landscape in light of those transactions and how you think you're positioned longer term.
James Foster: I would say that, that transaction has been quiet, somewhat neutral from a market point of view. We haven't seen that company act fundamentally much differently than it has historically. Typically, it has competed with us more on price than anything else. And I think that our ability to drive efficiency and have a larger portfolio and a bigger international footprint should hold us in good stead.
Erin Wright: Okay. Great. And would you say that overall that Citoxlab integration process is running ahead of plan, in line with plan? Or what are some of the early milestones there? And then also, just any surprises that you've seen with that integration process?
James Foster: Yes. It's a complicated integration for sure. We have 9 sites and they're all over the North America and Europe. Business was well as quite well run. We had a rigorous 90-day integration plan that we're through. I think we executed it pretty much literally day by day and week by week. We've had no fundamental surprises. The scientific staff is extremely pleased to be in a strategic home and not a financial ownership structure, and we found them to be extremely collaborative from a scientific point of view.We're working hard at best practices, we're confident we will deliver $8 million to $10 million of cost savings over a couple of years. And we have retained all our clients. So I don't think it could have gone better, but it's -- we're relatively early days and also very pleased with the strength of the management there and most of whom are still in place.
Operator: We have a question from Donald Hooker with KeyBanc.
Donald Hooker: I know this call's a little bit long here, but I'll be brief. But just in the DSA segment, just can you update us in terms of how it breaks out between Discovery and Safety Assessment? I think you did that in the past. And then the growth rates have -- there's been some delta between the growth rates in those two businesses. And I guess related to that, in the Discovery part there, do you guys -- have you guys experienced any scale there if you separated out Discovery? I think of -- I always think of that as a more stable operating margin. I don't know if that's correct or not. But can you update us on the Discovery business operating margin on a stand-alone basis?
David Smith: So what we've called out in the past just in terms of the size or the relative size between Discovery and Safety Assessment is about 5, 6 times bigger than Discovery. We've also called out in the past that the Discovery margins are lower than Safety Assessment. And we have also, I think, in recent conversations, we've been talking about how Discovery margins have stabilized, whereas some years ago, they were a bit more choppy. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of framework.
Donald Hooker: And there's an agriculture component there too, I think. I imagine from the acquisitions, I don't know how -- is that growing at all?
David Smith: Is that like a component of Safety Assessment? Yes, so it's basically where we're doing safety testing on output from Manufacturing, if you like, to check that it's safe. I don't think we've ever broken out the size of that piece within Safety Assessment.
Operator: We have a question from Dan Brennan, UBS.
Daniel Brennan: Just a question on kind of back to margins. I know second half margins, et cetera, expand given the fact that you cited. And I know it's too early to talk specifically about next year. But just wondering, high level, are there any other factors to be aware of whether additional capacity needs to investments, other pay increases that potentially could hamper your ability to kind of continue to drive your reported margins in line with your underlying margins expansion goals?
David Smith: So if your question is more about next year, then we do have a conference in September 12 where we'll talk a little bit more about our 5-year plan and how we expect to achieve that. So I don't really want to take too much of the thunder away from that conversation. But what we feel that we stabilized in DSA largely. And therefore, I can give you a bit of a clearer view that we've done the investments that we need to do. We're continuing and been investing in capacity expansion over the last several years. That will continue. I don't think that in and of itself has ever caused a problem with the way that we've been talking to our margins. It's part of, if you like, the underlying baseline.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. Great, David. And then just more of a tactical question. So comps in DSA do get a lot harder in the back half of the year. I know you have high single-digit guidance, which is a range. But is it realistic you think you can sustain this kind of Q2 level in the back half against those tough comps?
David Smith: Are you talking about the organic revenue growth?
Daniel Brennan: Yes, yes.
David Smith: Yes. We've increased our guidance to 8.5% to 9.5%, so we've increased the bottom end, if you like. Top end, 9.5%. If you look at our year-to-date performance, our organic growth sort of 9.8% so far. So we think that we're -- we should be safe in that range of 8.5% to 9.5%.
Operator: Our last conf question will come from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Baxter: I'm not going to ask about margins. So you discussed the improvement in the Discovery RFP win rate, the all-time highs. Can you give us a sense of how much that's improved over the past year or past 3 years? And then when you're not chosen an RFP, how much of this is driven by the scheduling or capacity issues versus sponsor keeping the work in-house or other factors?
James Foster: I mean it's materially changed. I can't give you a percentage over the last few years as our portfolio and capabilities have expanded. So it's all about scale. It's all about being able to articulate the science. It's also about the clients being open and ready to have sort of some of this work which sometimes they instinctively doubt. I think our competitive prowess is good or better than anybody else in the field. And the clients are increasingly understanding that some of these later stage Discovery activities can be found as well or better externally at better costs and can allow them to utilize their internal resources better typically to some of these biotech companies who have pretty high burn rates and a finite amount of money to work with.So that was our original strategy towards more and we're obviously hoping to continue to feed more business from the Safety space, which is also working well. And we'll going to continue to invest in our capabilities, both organically and through M&A.
Stephen Baxter: Okay. And then just going to squeeze in one quick follow-up to a previous question. On the tax rate discussion and the R&D credits, is there anything about those that are sort of specific to this year? Or there's something that you think should continue to provide a benefit once CiTox is annualized in the numbers?
David Smith: They are an ongoing benefit. With the acquisition of Citoxlab, there were some R&D tax credit that they were enjoying. And then we -- when we did the acquisition when we're doing the due diligence, as I said earlier, we weren't 100% confident that those tax credits were defendable. At the time we last spoke, we only owned them for a week. But subsequent to that, we have got comfortable with our acts and to remind us that they are an ongoing benefit to Charles River.
Operator: Thank you. And I will turn the conference back over to Todd Spencer for closing remarks.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you in upcoming investor conference as well as in our Investor Day on September 12. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Todd Spencer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the first quarter of 2019. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which we posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 466217. The replay will be available through May 21. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our safe harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations in non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. In the first quarter, we saw a continuation of the robust business trends that we experienced throughout the second half of last year. Organic revenue growth for each of the three segments was at/or above our long-term targets. We attribute this performance to the success of our ongoing efforts to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO as well as the strong industry fundamentals, including biotech funding. Overall, we believe our first quarter performance supports our solid outlook for the year. By continuing to invest in our portfolio, our people and our infrastructure, we believe we are maintaining and enhancing our leading position among early-stage CROs and our ability to support our clients' diverse research needs. The acquisition of Citoxlab, which was completed on April 29, is another step forward in our strategy and will enable us to deliver incremental value to clients. The success of our strategy was validated by the fact that we worked on 85% of the FDA-approved drugs in 2018 and have discovered 80 novel molecules for our clients. Before providing further details on our first quarter performance and the Citoxlab acquisition, I will briefly comment on the cybersecurity incident that we disclosed last week. On April 30, we notified clients of unauthorized access into portions of our information systems after recently determining that some client data was copied. This incident did not disrupt our day-to-day operations and was not a malware or ransomware attack. Further details on this incident can be found in our 8-K filing and on our website. We have reached out to affected clients, which represents approximately 1% of our total number of clients. The client response has been appropriately measured to date, yet most were understanding. I was struck by the collaborative nature of many of our client interactions. In several cases, the client offered to lend their own expertise or assistance in our remediation efforts, which we truly appreciate. Other clients have requested additional discussions with our teams, often scientist-to-scientist or CIO-to-CIO. We will continue to work closely with our clients to address their questions and concerns. While it's too early to determine whether there will be any revenue impact from this incident, we believe it would be minimal. In addition, the cost to fully remediate this matter are not expected to be material based on our preliminary estimates, and we believe that potential revenue and cost impact can be accommodated within our current guidance range for 2019. I will now provide highlights of our first quarter performance. We recorded revenue of $604.6 million in the first quarter of 2019, a 22.4% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth at 10.8% was broad-based across our portfolio and was above the 10% level for the third consecutive quarter. From a client perspective, biotech clients were their primary contributors to our first quarter revenue growth as they continue to benefit from a robust funding environment. The operating margin was 16.3%, a decrease of 50 basis points year-over-year. The decline was primarily driven by the RMS and Manufacturing segments, which I will provide further details on shortly, as well as the adjustment to our compensation structure that we implemented on July 1 of last year. Earnings per share were $1.40 in the first quarter, an increase of 8.5% from $1.29 in the first quarter of last year. Strong revenue growth was partially offset by the operating margin decline, resulting in earnings per share that were in line with our prior outlook. As a reminder, venture capital investment gains are now excluded from non-GAAP results in both periods as well as from future guidance. Based on the first quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2019, including Citoxlab. We continue to expect robust organic revenue growth in a range of 8% to 9.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.40 to $6.55, including Citoxlab. This represents earnings per share year-over-year growth of 10% to 13% from $5.80 reported in 2018 when excluding venture-capital investment gains. I'd like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. Revenue was $354.2 million in the first quarter, an 11.2% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2019, driven by broad-based demand for both Safety Assessment and Discovery Services. The Safety Assessment business continued to perform exceptionally well in the first quarter, highlighted by strong demand from biotech clients and increased pricing. Bookings and proposal activity also remained strong, reinforcing our outlook for high single-digit organic growth in the DSA segment for the year. Last week's acquisition of Citoxlab helps us extend our leadership position in the Safety Assessment market by enhancing our presence in Continental Europe and North America and by strengthening our existing capabilities in general and specialty toxicology, agrochemical and preclinical medical device testing and niche discovery services, including drug transporter and drug-drug interaction research. Our efforts to build our global scale and enhance our scientific capabilities through internal investments and the acquisitions of WIL, MPI and now Citoxlab have enabled us to become our clients' partner of choice for early-stage drug research. We are pleased to welcome the exceptional team at Citoxlab to Charles River family and look forward to working together to help our clients discover and develop new drugs for the patients who need them. Citoxlab's complementary service offering and geographic footprint are an excellent strategic fit and will enable us to enhance the support we can provide for our clients' early-stage research efforts. The addition of Citoxlab's talented staff, extensive scientific capabilities and client-centric approach solidifies our leading position in the outsourced safety assessment market at a time when we believe there is and will continue to be significant client demand for these outsourced services. We believe that the team at Citoxlab is enthusiastic about working with their Charles River colleagues. The collaboration of our respective scientific teams, the implementation of best practices and the synergies between the early-stage services offered by Charles River and Citoxlab will represent a significant growth opportunity for the combined organization. As we did with the MPI and WIL acquisitions, we had a comprehensive integration plan ready to implement on day 1. To ensure a smooth transition, we have assigned 2 senior operational leaders, 1 from Charles River and 1 from Citoxlab, to manage the integration in Europe and North America. Through our integration efforts, we expect to generate operational synergies of $8 million to $10 million within 2 years, which we believe will drive Citoxlab's operating margin above the 20% level from its current mid-teens operating margin. As we noted when we announced the acquisition, we expect Citoxlab will contribute $115 million to $130 million to our consolidated revenue and add approximately $0.15 to non-GAAP earnings per share in 2019. As our global safety assessment footprint has expanded, we are now at least 50% larger than the nearest competitor. It has become increasingly important that we ensure a seamless client experience across all of our sites and encourage clients who work across multiple sites. This offers clients access to much broader capabilities than they might have at a single site and reduces lead times to start studies. It also benefits from our operating efficiency through shared resources and optimized capacity utilization. We have and continue to work very hard to standardize and harmonize best practices and processes across our Safety Assessment network, and we intend to do the same with Citoxlab as the integration now begins in earnest. Our initiatives to enhance client mobility will also drive Discovery clients with integrated programs to work broadly with us across the entire early-stage spectrum and into Safety Assessment. The Discovery business had another good quarter led by strong demand for oncology and early discovery services. Our clients' ability to work with a single-source partner to support the discovery of their novel cancer therapeutics, coupled with a significant investment in this area of drug research, is driving demand for our oncology capabilities. Demand for our early discovery services also continues to improve as clients partner with us for a single project or for their larger integrated discovery programs. Our efforts to strengthen our portfolio by expanding our scale, our science and our innovative technologies continue to resonate with clients as they increasingly view Charles River as their scientific partner who can support their efforts to identify new drug targets and discovering novel therapeutics. As we did with our Safety Assessment business, we intend to continue to build our Discovery portfolio so that clients can outsource complex discovery projects to us rather than maintain or try to develop in-house capabilities. Our recent alliances with Distributed Bio to enhance our large molecule discovery capabilities and Atomwise to add artificial intelligence or AI drug discovery capabilities, are part of the expansion of our Discovery portfolio. The DSA operating margin was unchanged year-over-year at 18.6%. Leverage from the robust DSA revenue growth was primarily offset by the compensation structure adjustment. Similar to last year, we expect the DSA operating margin to rebound above the 20% level starting in the second quarter. RMS revenue was $137.2 million, an increase of 5.4% on an organic basis over the first quarter of '18. The primary drivers of RMS revenue growth continued to be strong revenue growth for Research Model Services and robust demand for research models in China. From a services perspective, the Insourcing Solutions contract with NIAID, which commenced last September, contributed slightly more than 300 basis points to the revenue increase. Aside from the benefits from the NIAID contract, the Insourcing Solutions business continued to perform very well as clients took advantage of our flexible solutions for their vivarium management and related research needs. We can support our clients through a variety of working arrangements, including providing staff and expertise to manage the vivarium at a client site, to provide a flexible vivarium space at a Charles River site supported by our staff. The latter option is our CRADL initiative, or Charles River Accelerator and Development Labs, which has become an increasingly popular solution to provide both small and large biopharmaceutical clients with turnkey research capacity in the Boston/Cambridge biohub. Utilizing CRADL allows clients to invest in the research programs instead of their infrastructure. Our GEMS business also continues to benefit from our clients' use of CRISPR and other technologies to create genetically modified models faster and more cost-effectively. Clients come to us because we have the expertise to help them derive and maintain their proprietary model colonies, which play an increasingly critical role as drug research becomes more complex with a shift to oncology, rare disease and cell and gene therapies. Excluding the NIAID contribution, RMS organic revenue growth was consistent with our long-term target in the low single digits. As we often point out, demand for our products and services is now linear, which was reflected in our first quarter performance of the research models businesses in North America, Europe and Japan. Similar to last year, research model sales to large biopharmaceutical clients started slowly. Large biopharma's ongoing efforts to reduce internal infrastructure and externalize research by outsourcing to CROs like Charles River and by partnering with biotech companies and academic institutions also contributed to softer demand from this client base. Not surprisingly, we saw an increase in demand for research models from both biotech and academia in the first quarter. In China, our research models business continued to grow at double-digit rates. China represents less than 10% of total RMS revenue but offers a significant opportunity for growth. We intend to continue to expand capacity in China to support robust client demand and drive future growth. In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased 170 basis points to 28.1%. Most of the decline was driven by 3 known headwinds: the lower-margin NIAID contract, the compensation structure adjustment and the MPI intercompany sales, for which the revenue and profitability are now recognized in the DSA segment. The year-over-year effect of these factors will be anniversaried during the second half of the year. The remainder of the first quarter margin decline was primarily attributable to the lower sales volume for research models outside of China. A large bio -- as large biopharmaceutical clients continue to reduce internal infrastructure and the mix of the RMS business shifts toward services, it's vitally important that we remain focused on initiatives to enhance operating efficiency in order to sustain the RMS operating margin. In the first quarter, these efficiency initiatives included the decision to consolidate a small RMS site in Southern California by the end of this year and transition operations to an existing larger California site. Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $113.2 million, a 17.2% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter last year. The increase was driven by double-digit revenue growth in both the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing Solutions businesses. Microbial Solutions had an excellent quarter. Our advantage as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing continues to resonate with our clients, which was demonstrated by robust demand across our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges, core reagents, Accugenix microbial identification services and Celsis bioburden solutions. Sales of Celsis products benefited from a large stocking order from our strategic partner in certain nonpharma markets. Even adjusting for this order, Microbial Solutions growth was well above the 10% level. The Biologics business also reported strong growth in the first quarter. A number of biologic drugs in development as well as the efforts we made to position the Biologics business as a premier provider for these critical services have led to a rapid increase in demand for our services. To accommodate this demand, we are adding capacity. The new Pennsylvania facility, the largest of our Biologics expansion projects, continues to progress well, and the transition is expected to be completed by the end of the year. In order to ensure that the transition is seamless for our clients, we are operating 2 facilities as we transfer services to the new site. This is creating duplicate costs during the transition, however, these costs are expected to moderate over the course of the year. The Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 31%, a 90 basis point decrease year-over-year. The decline was primarily related to the ongoing capacity expansion in the Biologics business, which reduced the segment operating margin by 80 basis points. The first quarter margin in the Manufacturing segment is typically the lowest point of the year as a result of the seasonal impact of lower sample volume in the Biologics business after the holiday period. Our unwavering focus on our strategy has enabled us to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO. We have differentiated ourselves from the competition through our science, our broad early-stage portfolio and the flexible relationships that we can offer clients. With the acquisition of Citoxlab, we continued to expand our global scale and unique portfolio of essential products and services, which support the discovery and early development of new therapies for the treatment of disease. Acquisitions remain a vital component of our growth strategy as we endeavor to further enhance the scientific expertise, global scale or innovative technologies that we can offer clients across all 3 of our business segments. Investing in our scientific capabilities and in the necessary staff and resources will help us ensure that we can meet the needs of our clients and support our current and future growth. Investments that we continued to make have enhanced our position as a scientific partner of choice for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and nongovernmental organizations worldwide. The success of our efforts was evident in our first quarter financial performance and is further demonstrated by the fact that we remain confident in our outlook for the year of 8% to 9.5% organic revenue growth and a non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.40 to $6.55. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our clients and shareholders for their support and our employees for their continued exceptional work and commitment. Now David Smith will give you additional details on our first quarter results and 2019 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation. Highlights of our first quarter performance include a continued robust revenue growth, which was above the 10% level on an organic basis, and earnings per share that were in line with our outlook from February. In addition, we are pleased to have completed the $500 million acquisition of Citoxlab. We have already begun working with their talented team to share best practices and drive operational synergies between our businesses as we move forward with the integration process. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.40, an increase of 8.5% from $1.29 last year. The primary driver to earnings per share growth was better-than-expected organic revenue growth of 10.8%, partially offset by a softer first quarter operating margin. On a year-over-year basis, the first quarter operating margin declined by 50 basis points to 16.3%. Similar to last year, the first quarter operating margin was expected to be the lowest level of the year due primarily to seasonality in the Biologics business and higher fringe costs. The impacts of the large RMS government contract with NIAID, the headwind from the compensation structure adjustments implemented on July 1 last year and the capacity expansion in the Biologics business all reduced the operating margin in the first quarter as anticipated. In total, these items reduced the operating margin by 60 basis points. We expect each of these factors to either be anniversaried or become a much smaller headwind in the second half of the year, which gives us confidence that the second half operating margin in 2019 will improve year-over-year. Similar to the gating last year, the second half operating margin will be significantly higher than the first half level. For the full year, after factoring in the slight dilution associated with Citoxlab's mid-teens operating margin, we believe that the operating margin will be similar to the 2018 levels. Overall, our results for the first quarter support our growth prospects and profitability targets for the full year, which is why we have reaffirmed our guidance, including Citoxlab. We continue to be well positioned to deliver reported revenue growth of 16% to 18%, organic revenue growth in a range of 8% and 9.4%, non-GAAP earnings per share between $6.40 and $6.55 and free cash flow of $310 million to $320 million for the year. By segment, RMS and Manufacturing Support revenue growth guidance is unchanged from our initial outlook of mid-single-digit and low double-digit growth, respectively, on both the reported and organic basis. As a reminder, the RMS growth rate includes the incremental benefit from the NIAID contract this year. But over the long term, we continue to believe the RMS segment will grow in the low single-digit range organically. We continue to expect the DSA segment will achieve high single-digit organic revenue growth in 2019. And including the contribution from Citoxlab, the reported growth rate is now expected to be in the mid-20% range. Unallocated corporate costs are tracking to our expectations and totaled $40.8 million or 6.8% of revenue in the first quarter compared with 7.5% in 2018. The first quarter level is typically higher due to the normal quarterly gating of fringe-related costs, which then normalize over the course of the year. Citoxlab will not add meaningfully to corporate costs this year, and as such, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be slightly below 6% of total revenue for the full year. Our first quarter tax rate was 17.2%, representing a 170 basis point increase from the first quarter of last year. This was consistent with our outlook in February and -- which called for a year-over-year increase due to discrete tax benefits in 2018 that were not expected to recur. As a reminder, the first quarter tax rate is typically at the lowest level for the year due to the impact of equity vesting and exercise activity on the excess tax benefit for stock compensation. We expect 2019 to be no different and the tax rate to be in the mid-20% range for the remaining quarters of the year. We expect this to result in a full year tax rate on a non-GAAP basis in a range of 23.5% to 24.5%, including Citoxlab, which is unchanged from our initial guidance in February. Our total adjusted net interest expense for the first quarter was $16.2 million, which is slightly lower sequentially than the $16.6 million reported on a comparable basis in the fourth quarter. This total adjusted net interest expense is derived from interest expense, interest income and a $6.4 million FX loss recorded in other income associated with FX adjustments related to our foreign debt. We entered into forward FX contracts to generate interest savings on our foreign debt. For the year, we now expect total adjusted net interest expense to be in a range of $68 million to $71 million, which incorporates approximately $5 million of borrowing costs related to the Citoxlab acquisition. Our capital priorities remain consistent with our February outlook. At the end of the first quarter, our gross leverage ratio was 2.6x and our net leverage ratio was 2.4x. As planned, we financed the Citoxlab acquisition under our existing euro-denominating revolving credit facility. On a pro forma basis, following the completion of the Citoxlab acquisition, our gross leverage ratio was 3.25x, our net leverage ratio was 3x, and we have total debt outstanding of $2.1 billion. Our capital priorities in 2019 will be focused on debt repayment, and absent any additional acquisitions, we remain on track to drive the gross leverage ratio below 3x within 12 months. Free cash flow was a negative $1.9 million in the first quarter compared to a positive $32.3 million last year. The decrease was primarily driven by the timing of certain working capital items related to an ERP systems implementation at MPI as part of the integration process. The effect on working capital is expected to normalize over the course of the year. Capital expenditures were $16.7 million in the first quarter compared to $27.7 million last year. Looking ahead, we are increasing our CapEx guidance by $10 million to approximately $170 million in 2019 to reflect the additional capital requirements of Citoxlab. Factoring in Citoxlab's capital requirements and the transaction and integration-related costs, we now expect free cash flow will be approximately $10 million lower than our prior outlook excluding Citoxlab and in a range of $310 million to $320 million a year. By comparison, we similarly reduced our free cash flow outlook last year when adjusting for the onetime deal costs associated with the MPI acquisition. Beyond 2019, Citoxlab is expected to be accretive to cash flow in 2020, when transaction and integration costs significantly decrease. To recap our guidance for 2019, we are reaffirming our guidance for most financial measures. With the Citoxlab acquisition having closed during the second quarter as expected, our outlook for revenue growth including Citoxlab and non-GAAP earnings per share is unchanged. A summary of our financial guidance can be found on Slide 36. For the second quarter, there are several factors contributing to our outlook, the most significant of which is the addition of Citoxlab. We expect second quarter reported revenue growth in a low double-digit range on a year-over-year basis, including the partial quarter contribution from Citoxlab. On an organic basis, we expect the second quarter growth rate to be in line within guidance range for the year. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the NIAID contract, the compensation structure adjustment and the Biologics capacity expansion to continue to pressure the operating margin in the second quarter, resulting in a slight decrease year-over-year. We expect to generate margin improvement in the second half of the year as these headwinds abate. In addition, we expect the addition of Citoxlab to pressure the operating margin in the second quarter, as will modest IT remediation costs. We expect a sequential increase in interest expense due to the Citoxlab acquisition and a non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-20% range, as previously discussed. These factors are expected to result in non-GAAP earnings per share growth and a mid- to high single-digit rate in the second quarter when compared to the last year's second quarter level of a $1.45, excluding the venture capital investment gains. In conclusion, we are pleased with our first quarter performance for both the top line and bottom line, including 10.8% organic revenue growth and 8.5% earnings per share growth. We remain on track with our financial and operational plans for the year. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Maybe, Jim, starting with research models. I think you noted softness some outside of China, in particular for large biopharma. Can you maybe just elaborate on that a little bit?
James Foster: Yes. Sure. It's always related to infrastructure and capacity management, and usually, reductions by these clients. So we saw some more of that. The business is on linear so it's pretty difficult to call the quarters, but pharma has been reducing their overall R&D footprint for several years. As we said previously, we are disproportionately impacted by that since we're the principal supplier to big pharma. So China continues to be really strong for us. We'll continue to be -- services had a strong quarter. Organic surprise is probably seen on the academic marketplace and the nongovernmental clients as some of them have an offset to the pharma reductions, but nothing unusual, Tycho.
Tycho Peterson: And if I could ask one related follow-up. We did see an interesting strategic move with the asset transfer between Envigo and LabCorp-Covance this quarter. Did that change anything from your perspective competitively?
James Foster: Not really. That was to be anticipated for sure. We're the largest player in the research model space. So they will continue to be a competitor of ours. They compete with us in some of the species that we produce; and others, we don't participate in at all. So the sort of standalone business that's left at Envigo will be a competitor of ours as it has historically, primarily in price, I would say, as opposed to really deep science. And the combination of Covance and the former Hannington will -- obviously makes a larger player on the international field in safety assessment. We're about 50% larger than they are at this [indiscernible]. And we will continue to distinguish ourselves with deeper science and greater geographic dispersion than they. The market is a really good one. Between the 2 of us, we have about half the markets. So there are much, much smaller players so there's a balance. There's de novo work appearing all the time from new clients -- biotech clients that's available to any of us. And so we feel we are very good about the strength of our franchise, really good about the three deals we've done in the last 3 years, WIL, MPI and now Citoxlab, and just the enormous geographic and scientific footprint that we have. So to be expected, I would say there's some change. We acknowledge and accept that. We're feeling increasingly safe -- increasingly a stronger franchise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
Courtney Owens: This is Courtney Owens on for John Kreger. Just a quick question on the cyber issue that you guys have said a little bit earlier in the call. I didn't see it in the 8-K. Did you -- or have you guys -- or do you plan to, I guess, disclose at all about how long it was going on before you guys caught it?
James Foster: We did. We can disclose it again to you now. So we saw some unusual activity in our system in the middle of March. We don't know what that was or where that was or what was going on, and we worked arduously with federal law enforcement and some cybersecurity experts to figure out what was going on. It took us a while to do that. We found that some data had been copied. And it took us until just recently, April 30, to discern what clients were impacted and how they were impacted. We've contacted all of those clients, by the way. So they tell us that caught it extremely quickly. It takes most people much longer to do that. So I think our systems identified something unusual, and we were able to identify specifically who was impacted and contact them immediately. So we're feeling not good about the incident but really good about our response time and how clients have taken the information we provided them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore.
Luke Sergott: It's Luke on for Ross today. Just kind of want to dig in a little bit more on the margin dynamics, if you could break out kind of the magnitude of the various impacts, there's a lot of moving parts there. And ultimately, looking forward to the outlook for the year, the NIAID contract, kind of that rolling off and then how -- the rest of the margin pressure for the year.
David Smith: Okay. So I'll take that. Obviously, margin is an important question for us, and I know it's an important question for you. So why don't I go through all the pieces? So you should be familiar with -- Q1 is normally down. Seasonality and Biologics is the fringe. Q1 was 50 basis points down further than last year. So that needs explaining. 60 basis points of that is 3 components: The largest component to that is the compensation structure adjustment that we announced in July last year. The second largest component to that is the Biologics capacity expansion. Another smaller piece was the drag on the NIAID contract. So those 3 pieces make up 60 basis points. And just talking about the Biologics capacity, just to comment on that. Manufacturing had a 90 basis points degradation, 80 basis points is added entirely attributed to the capacity expansion. So that's breaking out the quarterly pieces. We did expect DSA to be slightly better. It was flat. I will call out that the compensation structure adjustment gives us 60 basis points -- slightly, slightly over 60 basis points headwind in the quarter for DSA. In Q3, we had a similar headwind. Q4 last year, we had a similar headwind. Both of those quarters, we had margin improvement year-over-year. So we were expecting to see that in Q1, but we were flat. Notwithstanding that, there's -- it's not a linear business. We've had some investments in staffing in Q1, which we'll see the benefits in the second quarter. As Jim called out, we will see margin improvement, and going forward, second half of the year will be better than the first half of year. It's not unusual for DSA, and particularly Safety Assessment, to have a stronger second half than the first half. And so that will enable us to have some confidence for the remaining year's margin. And then we did call out that we got a bit of a drag going forward on Citoxlab, mid-teen margin, similar to what we had with WIL. We did successfully walk WIL margins up in the two years that we promised. And we will and still expect to be able to do that we Citoxlab going forward as well.
Luke Sergott: That's very helpful. Then I guess just more on thinking about China outside the RMS business. I kind of get that RMS is your foothold into the research market and then gaining share there and then you kind of roll in the other businesses. When can we expect the bigger investment in the DSA and Manufacturing, if at all, that is, in the strategy in China?
James Foster: We think that eventually we'll have our entire portfolio and footprint in China, principally for the Chinese market. And as we've said a couple of times previously, M&A in that space, which is our preferred methodology of entering China, is tough given the evaluations and the public markets over there. So we'll minimally wait until that market cools off, assuming that it ever does. And if not, we'll have to look seriously at -- on going at it organically. There's a big market for us in the RMS business so we're going to stay focused on that for a while. It's going to require us to continue to build sites and reeducate the marketplace, which we've been doing very well. We have some RMS services associated with the research models business. So in time, I would say nothing imminent. I wouldn't expect anything for -- in the immediate future though.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones: I guess, David, just to go back to the margin question. I want to make sure I was following this. And I was more focused specifically on the DSA margin because that, I guess, you highlighted, came in a little bit lighter than you and what we were expecting. But it looks like based on the slides, you're expecting that to rebound back to 20-plus percent, I think, beginning next quarter. Sounds like you're still facing the wage increases, and you mentioned the mix shift being negative with Citoxlab. So just trying to understand the visibility and the moving pieces as we think about the model forward on the DSA margins. What gets us from the 1Q levels to that 20-plus percent as we move into the next quarter and beyond?
David Smith: Well, just to give you a little bit more color then. If you look at Safety Assessment and you look historically, historically, just going back to the few years, so recent history, we've had a second half in Safety Assessment being greater than the first half by somewhat over 50 basis points, so just under 500 basis points. So there are different reasons for that. Some is price. Last year, we talked about the long-term steady mix. This year, it is a little bit of that anniversarying the compensation structure adjustment. We did beat that in the second half of the year of last year. So really, it's -- there isn't much more the cook -- pull out. It's just that we're not a linear business. We've had some of the investments in staffing to support the really strong and robust revenue growth that you've seen this morning. And we're expecting that to have [indiscernible] as we go through the year, we needed to staff up for the demand that we were seeing in our order books, et cetera. So again, yes, to reaffirm, we would expect the Q2 to be above the 20% margin. And as we move through the year -- the second half of the year, we'll be better than the first half.
Robert Jones: And I guess just one point of clarification on the modest IT remediation costs. Do those fall in DSA? Or is that in other segments? Or is it kind of spread across the business?
David Smith: So why don't I unpack that a little bit for you? So as Jim called out, we're not expecting that to be a material impact for the year. It is still early days. We've got some preliminary assessments which give us that confidence, particularly in the remediation aspect. We will -- we've got insurance to -- which will partly cover some of those costs. It won't cover it all. So the third-party, adviser-related to cybersecurity costs to do with the remediation aspect, some of that will be non-GAAP. But for anything that's internal or anything to do with the enhancement that will continue to be part of our business, I'm not sure that will be in corporate. Some of it will be spread but not -- I wouldn't like to characterize that as a major drag either for total Charles River, and therefore, not for DSA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays.
Jack Meehan: Now that the Citoxlab deal is closed, I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on some of the customer overlap between the businesses and the $115 million to $130 million contribution this year. Just what does that imply for their growth over the balance of 2019?
James Foster: So the customer overlap is slightly less than the overlap for MPI, so similar. We would remind you that with both WIL and MPI, clients have gone there for a specific reason and not come to us, probably because they wanted to work with a smaller company. So they were now clients of a larger company. And in both instances, we worked really thoughtfully and arduously to retain those clients, and we didn't lose any. So similarly, with this deal, we have a bunch of new clients who went to Citox for a host of reasons: history, reputation, whatever, geographic proximity. We will very carefully service those clients in the geographies that they're in. We will -- and we hope that we will derive the same results that we had with the other 2 deals, which is that we have immediately had former MPI and WIL clients use multiple CRL sites and vice versa. So legacy Charles River clients now happily -- have happily audited in utilizing WIL and MPI sites. We think the same thing will happen with Citoxlab. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, and we've been saying this for a while now, I just want to reiterate it because it's critically important, client mobility is something we're focusing a lot on. And so that's clients being pleased to do their work at multiple Charles River sites. So we can take advantage of our infrastructure and keep it full. They can start studies faster. And if that's what's important to them, they can start studies more closely related -- more close to them. Without getting too specific, I would say that the growth rates for the company we just bought is similar to what we've been seeing in our marketplace. We feel that the market dynamics are as good as we've ever seen them. Bookings and backlog are strong, and we're going to work really hard at the integration so that it's seamless and effective. And we will be surprised and disappointed if we're not able to retain these clients as well.
Jack Meehan: Great. And as you get into the merger, could you just outline for me the capture of the synergies, what you're expecting in terms of the timing there? And as we sit here today, I know there's been a big focus on the margin point. Do you think DSA margins can return to expansion? Is that what we're looking at in 2020?
David Smith: So on Citoxlab, $8 million to $10 million of synergies over 2 years. We -- similar to when we did WIL, MPI, we didn't break out that synergy in-year. So we haven't broken out how much of that will fall into 2019. However, once we have achieved the $8 million to $10 million, that does enable us to get Citoxlab's margins up to the 20% mark, which is, of course, our first and initial target. In terms of your second question, which is around the expansion of, I think, did you say DSA? Or should I talk...
Jack Meehan: Just on the DSA segment overall.
David Smith: Yes. Well, we have -- as I've just mentioned just a moment ago, we do expect that to improve as we go through the second half of the year. I'm not quite sure what more color I can provide.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Congrats on the quarter. Jim, I joined late but I did hear you just reiterate the strength of the environment, and that shows through on your revenue performance. In DSA, I had thought, I guess, that the contribution of high-margin MPI starting in 2Q of last year might average up the DSA margin performance relative to the first quarter of last year. And it looks like it was more kind of in line year-over-year, so I may have missed some of the factors that impacted that. But if you could help me with the kind of pull-through to EBITDA or EBIT on the better revenue growth, I'd appreciate it.
David Smith: Well, I guess the conversation goes back to the linearity of DSA. I mean as I mentioned before, we've had history where we've had Safety Assessment second half over 50 and under 500. That just shows you the difference that can happen in the second half of year compared to the first half of year. So we constantly reminded people we're not a linear business. We are holding true to the guidance for the full year. We're holding to the guidance in terms of the DSA's ability to grow. Yes, as I acknowledged, we didn't see as much pull-through in the first quarter in the margin as we had hoped, but we at least were level despite the 60 basis points headwind from the compensation structure adjustment. The macroeconomics look good. And we've seen -- feel confident that when we annualize some of these headwinds, like the stock -- the compensation adjustment, et cetera, that, that will help improve the margins for the second half of the year.
David Windley: Got it. You may have mentioned this, and again, I apologize, I joined late. But were there -- was it simple mix factors? Or was it more an SG&A type of issue? I guess and rolled into that, some of the channel checking that we've done lately suggests that in the last 6, 7 months or so, that the pricing environment, if anything, is probably firmed up. That had -- at least directionally, it's better not worse. So just again trying to understand some of the specific factors that influenced the first quarter.
David Smith: So again, we -- there wasn't -- the only thing I've mentioned in terms of the first quarter that's a little unusual was there was some timing of investments around staffing to support the growth rate that we're expecting for Q2, et cetera. There is inevitably a component of mix in there and inevitably a component of price. So those clearly take place within a quarter-to-quarter basis. But really, what we're trying to guide you towards is that we still feel confident for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Baxter: Hopefully, a pretty simple one on the quarter. So I want to make sure that I'm following the adjustment to interest expense. It looks like this adjustment decreased non-GAAP interest expense despite it being described as an FX loss. So I don't see an adjustment for this in your reconciliation at the back of the release. It seems like what you're saying is that this is offset by a similar item in other income. So just to put this one to bed, did this item help the adjusted results, hurt the adjusted results or have no impact?
James Foster: No impact.
David Smith: So there's no impact from that. But while I've got the floor, I'll just comment a little bit about why we said a little bit more about the interest. So many of you will be aware that EURIBOR is negative. Our credit agreement didn't actually allow us to access that. We have a floor of 0. So to get around that, we used a forward derivative FX contract. Essentially what this does is you get -- you borrow in US dollars, and therefore, the interest rate goes up. But the actual FX contract has a gain component and a loss component. The gain component actually goes into interest line and actually pulls the interest down. The loss component actually goes into other income. So what we were articulating is when you bring all of those components together, we then got to the -- just over the $16 million, $16.2 million of interest, which is down from Q4 of last year.
Stephen Baxter: So then as you report the year, we should kind of expect the trajectory of net interest expense, as you reported on the face of the P&L, to be similar to what you did in the first quarter with the similar adjustment in other throughout year. Is that the right way to think about how to look at it now?
David Smith: So there is -- yes. This forward derivative, we do it quarter-by-quarter. We lock in each quarter so we've got no exposure. And it depends what the FX does and the EURIBOR rate does. So it's not a big gain. I mean if everything held true for the remainder of the year, we're talking about $1 million. So it's not a great improvement, but it is an improvement, and well, we'd rather have $1 million than not.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Tim Evans with UBS.
Timothy Evans: I'd like to go back one more time to the DSA margin, if you don't mind. If we look at your expectations that you laid out last quarter for that, you did indicate that you expected the DSA margin to be up year-over-year. And it came in flat. So while we understand that there were these compensation structure issues there, it does look like there was something that was a little bit different than your expectation. Is it possible to highlight what that was?
David Smith: Yes. That was the investments in staffing, which I mentioned. And to Dave's earlier question, there is an element of mix and price. But it's not so significant that it's a particular individual item that we wanted to call out. When we look at the full year, we see the corrections taking place.
Timothy Evans: Right. Okay. And just to elaborate on the price. I mean I know you're not going to get specific on what the pricing is in Safety Assessment right now. But with this filling of capacity across the industry and with the consolidation in the industry, I guess, we would kind of naturally expect pricing to improve, maybe even materially so. Is that your expectation? Or is there something else that you want to...
James Foster: We're going to do the best we can to achieve maximum price given the complexity of the studies we're performing and the costs of running this business. And it's all based upon the demand. So we would hope that demand continues so we continue to be able to get price. How much we can increase it is -- we'll see what the market throws at us. So we really don't want to get more specific than that, particularly immediately on the heels of all this consolidation. I just don't think it's appropriate. But we are pleased with the price that we've been getting. And that we, without knowing exactly what's going on behind closed doors, we would expect that the competition is exacting price as well. So I think the market is healthy and that buyers are pleased that they have high-quality scientific enterprises to work for them and don't have to make that internal investment. And I think we're all poised to continue to improve both the top and bottom line of our business going forward.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you in upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings and 2019 Guidance Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. Todd Spencer. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings and 2019 Guidance Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2018 and our guidance for 2019 as well as the proposed acquisition of Citoxlab. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. Theres a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 462521. The replay will be available through February 27. You can also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements. During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Now I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Im very pleased to speak with you today about the conclusion of an excellent year for Charles River and our expectations for 2019 and the continued expansion of our leading early-stage portfolio to support our long-term growth objectives. We are extremely pleased to report a second consecutive quarter with organic revenue growth about 10% and also to have achieved an operating margin consistent with our long-term target above 20% in the fourth quarter. As we previously mentioned, we believe that the pace of demand of our essential products and services accelerated during the second half of the year which positions us extremely well into 2019. We believe that our strong financial performance in 2018 was driven by two factors; robust industry fundamentals and the actions weve taken to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO. Let me begin with an overview of our industry. We continue to operate in a robust business environment that is showing no signs of slowing, which gives us excellent growth potential. Biotech funding remains strong. 2018 replaced 2017 as the second strongest year on record, with funding increasing 8% to $81 billion. The FDA approved 59 drugs in 2018, a record number and nearly tripled the approvals from a decade ago. Because of our unique early stage portfolio, extensive scientific expertise and client centered approach we worked on 85% of the approved drugs. We are proud that our pharmaceutical clients continue to choose to partner with us as they recognize the value that we provide. Even at this level of success, our addressable market of at least $15 billion provides a long runway for growth. In todays robust business environment, we will continue to invest in our business both through internal initiatives, technology licensing deals and strategic acquisitions in order to enhance the scientific capabilities that we offer our clients. Before I discuss our performance and guidance, Id like to share further details on our announcement in a separate press release this morning that we signed a binding offer to acquire Citoxlab for approximately $510 million subject to certain adjustments. We believe this proposed acquisition would further strengthen our business and enhance our ability to achieve our long term growth goals. The proposed transaction is subject to labor consultations and regulatory requirements, as discussed in more detail in the press release. Upon completion of the labor consultations, we expect the Citoxlab shareholders will enter into a definitive purchase agreement. With operations in Europe and North America, Citoxlab is a premier, non-clinical contract research organization, providing a broad suite of early stage services for biopharmaceutical, agriculture and industrial chemical, and medical device companies worldwide. Citoxlab would enhance Charles Rivers capabilities and regulated safety assessment, non-regulated discovery and medical device testing services. Like WIL and MPI, the proposed acquisition of Citoxlab would further strengthen our position as the leading global early stage CRL by expanding our scientific portfolio and geographic footprint, enhancing our ability to partner with clients across the drug discovery and development continuum, and also by driving profitable revenue growth in the immediate non-GAAP earnings per share accretion. Now let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance. We reported revenues of $601.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of 25.7% on a reported basis. Robust client demand across all three business segments drove organic revenue growth of 11.4%. The DSA and manufacturing segments continued to report low double-digit organic growth. The RMS segments organic growth rate improved to 8%, driven primarily by the contribution from our NIAID contract that commenced last September. For 2018, revenue was $2.27 billion with a reported growth rate of 22% and an organic growth rate of 8.7%. This is the highest annual organic growth rate that the company has achieved since 2007, which is a testament to the strength of client demand and in particular our focus on enhancing our position as a partner of choice for our clients early stage research and manufacturing support efforts, and further distinguishing ourselves from the competition. From a client perspective, biotech clients were our fastest growing client segment in both the quarter and the year. The operating margin was 28.3% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 60 basis points year-over-year. Margin improvement in the DSA segment drove the fourth quarter increase and we also benefited from leverage on corporate costs. We are very pleased that we are beginning to see the benefits of the investments we are making to accommodate client demand and build a more scalable infrastructure. From strategic hiring and employee engagement initiatives to the expansion of our capacity and scientific capabilities, weve worked diligently to make investments that will enable us to forge stronger relationships with our clients and create a more efficient operating model. Primarily as a result of his investments, the 2018 full year operating margin declined 50 basis points to 18.8%, however, we believe we are well-positioned to achieve modest operating margin improvement in 2019 and beyond. Earnings per share were $1.49 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 6.4% from $1.40 in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year, earnings per share was $6 03, a 14.4% increase over the prior year. We exceeded our prior guidance range of $5.87 to $5.97 due primarily to a higher than expected revenue and operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter, as well as a lower tax rate. Consistent with our prior estimate, we recorded a $0.10 loss from our venture capital investments in the fourth quarter, and a $0.23 gain for the year. Adjusted to exclude Venture capital investment, earnings per share increased by 25.2% for the fourth quarter, and 16.2% for the year, including the contribution from MPI. We believe that our strong performance in 2018 thoroughly demonstrates what we worked very hard to achieve and continue to enhance the strongest portfolio that weve ever had with the ability to support clients from target discovery to non-clinical development, deep client relationships, and the successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the early stage research partner of choice. We are very enthusiastic about the outlook for 2019. As demonstrated by the strong finish to 2018, we believe the current business trends support our view that robust client demand will continue in 2019. We also believe that our investments to support growth and enhance our scientific capabilities, including the proposed acquisition of Citoxlab position us extremely well to capitalize on new business opportunities in 2019. Excluding Citoxlab, we expect organic revenue growth of 8% to 9.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $6.25 to $6.40 or an increase of 8% to 10% year-over-year when adjusted for Venture capital investments. And when including Citoxlab, the non-GAAP earnings per share range is expected to increase to $6.40 to $6.55 a growth rate of 10% to 13% on the same adjusted basis. Id like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance and our expectations for 2019, beginning with the DSA segment results. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $358.2 million, a 12.9% increase on our organic basis, driven by both the discovery and safety assessment businesses. For the full year, DSA organic growth was 10.4%. Client demand remained robust through the year end, positioning us extremely well for the start of this year and to achieve high single digit organic revenue growth in 2019. We believe that the higher DSA growth rate in 2018 and our outlook for 2019 shows their clients both large and small are increasingly choosing to partner with Charles River due to our science, our broad and early stage portfolio and our flexible relationships that enable clients to work with us for a study or project or an entire therapeutic program. Robust biotech funding continued to fuel demand from our biotech clients, and revenue to global biopharmaceutical clients also increased. Our safety assessment business continued to perform extremely well, capacity remained well utilized in 2018, study mix improved over the course of a year as we anticipated, and pricing increased. All of our in-life safety assessment facilities reported higher revenue for the year and MPI continued to exceed our expectation. Proposal volume, bookings and backlog also remained very strong through year-end, which gives us confidence that we are positioned for a strong start in 2019. The discovery business had another excellent quarter and a strong year. Our efforts over the past several years to build scientific expertise for the discovery of novel therapeutics to create targeted sales strategies and to harmonize the discovery portfolio have resonated with our clients. We are attracting new business ranging from single projects to larger integrated programs that encompass multiple businesses. Our outlook for 2019 is encouraging with an expectation for broad based demand for our suite of early discovery, oncology CNS and bio-analytical services. To achieve our goals in 2019 and beyond, we will continue to strengthen our portfolio, by expanding our scale, our science and our innovative technologies. We plan to accomplish this through acquisitions like Brains On-Line in 2017 and KWS BioTest in 2018 last year, and also through alliances to add cutting edge technologies to our discovery toolkit. We believe these initiatives will help to accelerate our clients drug discovery programs and further differentiate ourselves from the competition. Recently, we added through two alliances. In October, we entered into an exclusive partnership with Distributed Bio to enhance our large molecule discovery capabilities. And last month, we formed a strategic alliance with Atomwise to add artificial intelligence or AI drug discovery capabilities. AI is a cutting-edge, emerging tool and discovery that allows scientists to quickly screen compounds and predict whether a small molecule will bind to a target protein of interest. We also opened the largest site in the South San Francisco biohub at the beginning of this year. This site offers a range of discovery capabilities, enabling us to generate new West Coast business opportunities by providing clinical services proximate to the fast-growing biotech client base. Whether through acquisition, internal investment or alliance, we intend to continue to enhance our position as the premier, single-source provider for a broad portfolio of discovery services. The DSA operating margin was 23.2% for the fourth quarter, 140 basis points above the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase was driven by both the discovery and safety assessment businesses reflecting the benefit of robust topline growth and the normalization of the safety assessment study mix over the course of the year as we had anticipated. We also believe, we have enhanced the scalability of our DSA business with well-thought-out investments in staffing and capacity, and by focusing on our organizational speed and responsiveness. As a result of these investments, we believe that the DSA segment will be the primary driver of the expected modest margin improvement for the company in 2019. For 2018, the DSA operating margin declined 40 basis points to 21.7% primarily reflecting the 30 basis point headwind from our compensation structure adjustment last year, to enhance employee recruitment and retention. We believe, we are well-positioned exceptionally well to provide the support, which our clients require to expedite the drug research efforts, by focusing on expanding our global scale and enhancing our scientific expertise through acquisitions like WIL, MPI, Brains On-Line, KWS BioTest, and Citoxlab in a few months, or strategic alliances like Distributed Bio and Atomwise and by improving our operating efficiency and by providing a more seamless and flexible client experience, we have created a unique, nimble, early stage CRO that can meet our clients extensive needs. This is especially important now on global biopharma companies are increasingly reliant on CRO and small and mid-sized biotech companies, which have always relied on external resources are benefiting from a robust funding environment. In our view, it will continue to be a significant demand for outsourced services for both biotech and pharma companies, and we intend to maintain and expand our position as their partner of choice. For that reason, we are very pleased to express our intent to acquire Citoxlabs at this time. Citoxlab is a strong, strategic fit with both a complementary service offering and geographic footprint. Citoxlab provides a bright suite of early stage services, that would expand our existing capabilities in general and specialties tox, including reproductive toxicology and ocular services as well as ecotoxicology. The proposed acquisition would also double our revenue for preclinical medical device testing services, which has an addressable market opportunity approaching $1 billion. I would also, it would also add Non-GLP discovery solutions, ranging from traditional DMPK to innovative drug transporter and drug-to-drug interaction research and genomics research services. In addition to its strong scientific capabilities Citoxlab would enhance our presence in Europe, particularly in Eastern Europe. The company has nine operating sites in six countries generating approximately 60% of revenue from its European operations and the remainder from North America. Citoxlab has a diverse client base of biopharmaceutical, agriculture and industrial chemical and medical device companies worldwide. Specifically, the proposed acquisition would further expand our small and mid-sized biotechnology client base, which is our fastest growing client segment. From a financial perspective, the proposed acquisition would also deliver compelling benefits, which would generate value for shareholders in which we consider fundamental to any acquisition we do. Citoxlab would be immediately accretive to non-GAAP EPS and would meet or exceed our ROIC hurdle rate within three to four years, and it would enhance our opportunities for organic growth. Following the completion of the Labor consultation and subject to entry into the definitive purchase agreement, as well as regulatory approval and customary closing conditions, we expect to close the acquisition in the second quarter of 2019, but slightly later than MPI or WIL, which closed early in April. On that basis, the acquisition is expected to contribute $115 million to $130 million to our consolidated revenue, and add approximately $0.15 to non-GAAP earnings per share in 2019. We expect greater benefits in 2020, with Citoxlab contributing approximately $200 million to consolidated revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share accretion of at least $0.35. Consistent with the long term target for our DSA segment, Citoxlab is expected to grow at high single digit rate organically as it has recently. As we did with MPI and WIL acquisitions, we will be ready to implement a comprehensive integration on day one. We have appointed two senior operational leaders to manage the integration in North -- in Europe and North America respectively to help ensure a smooth transition. Citoxlab would further solidify our leading position in the $4 billion to $5 billion outsourced safety assessment market, and our business would have the scientific expertise in global scale that was our goal when we entered the market in 1999. Following the proposed Citoxlab acquisition, we believe our safety assessment portfolio would have the ability to fully support our long term organic growth aspirations for this business. As a result, we expect future M&A within the safety assessment business to be centered around niche players, with specific expertise rather than scale. M&A remains a top priority of our growth strategy, and while smaller acquisitions will be evaluated in 2019, we will use this year to primarily focus on the integration of Citoxlab and repaying debt. Over the longer term, we intend to remain acquisitive to enhance the scientific capabilities and scale of our other businesses. Upon closing of the proposed Citoxlab transaction, we will have invested over $2.5 billion in acquisitions, since 2012 which have collectively achieved returns that exceeded our cost of capital to-date. The largest of these WIL and MPI have performed exceptionally well as part of the Charles River family, and we believe that Citoxlab will be no different. The success of our M&A strategy and integration planning is a result of an excellent team, which includes representatives from operations, corporate support functions, senior management and our Corporate Development Group, which provides direction and dedicated integration resources. Joe LaPlume has led our Corporate Development team since 2011 and his oversight has elevated our acquisition planning and execution. Im pleased to announce that Joe was recently promoted to Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy in recognition of his outstanding leadership. RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was $128.5 million, an increase of 8.1% on our organic basis. The Insourcing Solutions contract with NIAID, which commenced in September, contributed slightly more than 300 basis points of the increase. As mentioned in November, the profitability of these staffing contracts is typically significantly lower than our RMS segments operating margin. The NIAID contract was the primary reason that the RMS non-GAAP operating margin decreased by 80 basis points to 25.1% in the fourth quarter. Adjusting for the NIAID impact and headwinds from the compensation structure adjustment, the RMS operating margin would have increased slightly in the fourth quarter. Excluding the NIAID contribution, RMS organic revenue growth was similar to the third quarter level. For the year, RMS organic revenue growth was 3.7%. Growth for both the quarter and the year driven by demand for research models in China and higher revenue for the GEMS and Insourcing Solutions businesses. Looking ahead, we continue to believe that the RMS segment will grow in line with its long-term target in the low-single digits but the benefit from the NIAID contract is expected to push RMS growth to mid-single digit rate in 2019. Our business in China reported another year of double-digit revenue growth, an accomplishment that  it has maintained annually since the business was acquired in 2013. In China, we continue to add capacity in Shanghai to support the robust market demand and win new business in this important geographic region. To support our expected future growth, we intend to continue to invest in Beijing and Shanghai and expand into other large research hubs in the country. The services businesses also continue to be a source of growth. GEMS is benefiting from our clients use of CRISPR and other technologies to create genetically modified models faster and more cost effectively as these complex research models provide scientists with targeted data in their research. Aside from the NIAID contract, the Insourcing Solutions business also performed well, because of client interest in our flexible solutions to address their vivarium management and related research needs. Id also like to note that the U.S. government shutdown did not have any impact on our business as most of our contracts are for essential services The manufacturing support segment finished another strong year with a superb fourth quarter performance. Revenue for the quarter was $114.9 million with growth of 11.4% on an organic basis, driven by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses, the organic revenue growth for the year was 10.9% to support our expectation that low-double-digit growth will continue over the longer term we continue to invest in these businesses and expand our product and service offerings. As it has throughout the year, our Microbial Solutions business reported strong revenue growth. Growth was driven primarily by demand for our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges and Accugenix microbial identification services. We believe that our ability to provide clients with a total microbial testing solution will be a fundamental driver of Microbial Solutions ability to continue to deliver low-double-digit organic revenue growth. There is an abundance of new opportunities to support growth by converting clients to our efficient testing platform and driving greater adoption with existing clients. We are continuing to invest in the Microbial Solutions business to advance its product and service offerings, technological interface, and footprint. The Biologics business also reported strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year. The increasing number of biologics in development represents a significant market opportunity for our Biologics business and we have been successful at gaining business because of our extensive portfolio of services to support the manufacture of biologics. We are continuing to invest in capacity expansions to accommodate robust client demand and believe that this is essential to achieving our goal for low-double-digit revenue growth over the longer term. We continue to make progress with our plans to open a new facility in Pennsylvania, as well as other smaller expansions globally. The construction of Pennsylvania facility is complete and we expect to begin generating revenue in the second half of this year as we transition operations to the new site. We are incurring redundant costs during this transition, which is expected to pressure the manufacturing segments operating margin until the transition to the new facility is complete. Due to the leverage from strong revenue growth, the manufacturing support segments operating margin was 37.4% in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year the operating margin declined by 20 basis points in the quarter, and by 130 basis points to 34.2% for the full year effectively in line with our long-term target in the mid-30% range despite costs associated with capacity expansions. As I said earlier, we are operating in a robust business environment with excellent growth potential to continue to successfully execute a strategy to position Charles River as our leading early-stage CRO it's essential that we continue to make investments in our scientific capabilities through both M&A and internal development, expand capacity at staff and exploit our digital enterprise to provide critical data for both internal and client use. We will do so mindfully promoting a more efficient and scalable organization that focuses on speed and responsiveness as we meet our client's individual needs, with the goal to reduce the development timeline by an additional year. By focusing intently on our strategy, we have become a trusted scientific partner for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and non-governmental organization worldwide. We have demonstrated the value we can provide to client and believe that this has and will continue to enable us to deliver greater value to shareholders. In conclusion, Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, Id like David Smith to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2019 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the divestiture of the CDMO business in 2017 and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture and the impact of foreign currency translation. My discussion will focus primarily on our financial guidance for 2019. Initially, I will provide guidance excluding the impact from Citoxlab, as the proposed acquisition has yet to close. To conclude, I will discuss our outlook including Citoxlab. We believe that we will continue to drive strong revenue growth and modest operating margin expansion this year which gives us confident that we are well-positioned to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $6.25 and $6.40 for 2019. As we have indicated throughout last year, we've eliminated the VC investment performance from our guidance in 2019 and consequently have decided to exclude this from our reported quarterly non-GAAP earnings per share beginning in the first quarter in 2019. Weve recorded a $0.23 gain from our venture capital investments for 2018, including the anticipated $0.10 loss in the fourth quarter, excluding the $0.23 gain. Non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $5.80 in 2018 and on a comparable basis 2019 earnings per share guidance represents a year-over-year increase of 8% to 10%. To bridge the non-GAAP reporting change related to the investments and to provide a comparable prior year figures, we have recast our non-GAAP earnings per share from 2014 to 2018 to exclude the VC investment performance. The reconciliation is included in the appendix to our slide presentation and on the financial reconciliation section of our website. In 2019 robust business trend including favorable bookings and backlog in our safety assessment business and the strong funding environment continue to support our expectation of strong client demand. We expect organic revenue growth in a range of 8% to 9.5% in 2019 and reported revenue growth of 10.5% to 12%. This output is consistent with our long-term growth target of high single digits on an organic basis and low double digits on our reported basis. Foreign exchange is expected to have a small impact on our reported revenue growth guidance. We expect a 50 basis point foreign exchange headwinds based on banks forecast of forward rates, which are near the current rates for most currencies.. We have provided information on our 2018 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rates that are assumed for 2019 on slide 36. From a segment perspective the underlying trend in each of our business segments in 2019 are expected to be similar to those in 2018. The RMS segment is expected to achieve mid-single digit organic revenue growth. This assumes low single-digit growth before the benefit from the NIAID contract which will be driven by robust demand in China, continued growth in the Research Models service businesses and modest price increases partially offset by slightly lower sales volumes for Research Models in mature market. In addition, we estimate the incremental contribution from the NIAID contract will add approximately 250 basis points to RMSs organic growth rate in 2019. We expect the DSA segment to deliver high single-digit organic revenue growth with strong growth continuing in both the Safety Assessment and Discovery Services businesses. Our manufacturing segment is expected to generate low double-digit organic growth again in 2019, with both the Microbial Solutions and Biologic businesses driving the increase. In addition to revenue growth we expect that modest operating margin improvement will also be a driver of earnings growth this year. We believe that we are beginning to see the benefits from the investments we have made to attract and retain talented staff, to add capacity to accommodate the current pace of client demand and to build a most scalable infrastructure to leverage future growth. We are pleased to be in a position to drive operating margin improvement in 2019 even after factoring in the incremental headwind from the adjustment to our compensation structure which was implemented in July of last year. On the segment basis DSA is expected to be the primary contributor to margin improvement in 2019 along with leveraging unallocated corporate cost. The RMSs segments operating margin will be pressured by an approximate 50 basis point headwind from the lower margin NIAID contract, while the new biologic facility in Pennsylvania will restrict the manufacturing segments operating margin until the transition to the new facility is largely complete. Unallocated corporate expenses in 2019 are expected to be approximately 6% of revenue compared to 6.5% of revenue last year. The intensity of these costs has declined from a peak of 7.5% in 2015 as the investments that we made in our people, processes and systems to scale the company to future growth are generating the intended goal of greater efficiency and productivity. Net interest expense expected to increase to the range of $63 million to $66 million in 2019 compared to $58 million from 2018. The $5 million to $8 million increase in 2018 will be primarily driven by an additional corporate debt from the MPI acquisition as well as the outlook for higher interest rate in 2019. Tax rate is expected to be meaningful headwind to our 2019% earnings per share guidance. The tax rate for 2019 is expected to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5% which is a 190 and 280 basis point increase compared to 21.7% in 2018. The expected increase will be driven primarily by discrete tax benefit in 2018 that are not expected to recur and a year-over-year reduction in the excess tax benefits related to stock compensation. The higher tax rate is expected to reduce 2018 and a share growth by approximately 300 basis points. Free cash flow generation is a key tenant of our financial performance and our value proposition to shareholder. In 2018 free cash flow was $301.1 million, an increase of $59 million or 24% from 2017 and slightly above our latest outlook. Free cash flow increase due to the strong underlying operating performance and our continued focus on working capital management. Capital expenditures of a $140 million in 2018 were $58 million higher than in 2017. The 2019, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million, an increase of 6% to 10%. Capital expenditures are expected to increase to approximately $160 million for 2019, approximate two-thirds of the plan 2019 capital projects are related to growth initiative including capacity investment in many of our businesses. As we discussed at our Investor Day last August, in order to support growth we expect CapEx to be in the mid to high single-digit as a percentage of total revenue over the next five years because many our sites are currently operating at near optimal levels of utilization. While the capital requirements of our businesses are expected to modestly increase over the next several years, we believe these investments will generate compelling cash return. Well remain intently focused on driving strong free cash flow growth today and over the longer term. A summary of our 2019 financial guidance excluding Citoxlab can be found on slide 44. Moving ahead to our first quarter outlook, we expect year-over-year revenue growth will be about 20% on a reported basis. This will be the last full quarter we anniversary the MPI acquisition at beginning of the April. Similar to the full year, we expect first quarter organic revenue growth in the high single-digit range and modest improvement in the non-GAAP operating margin. Margin improvement in the DSA segment is expected to be partially offset by pressure in the manufacturing segment from the ongoing capacity expansion and lower seasonal sample volume in the biologics business as well as the impact of the NIAID contract on the RMS segment. First quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be in the high single-digit compared to $1.29 last year when excluding gain from the investments. As a reminder, when we report first quarter results we will recast the prior period to exclude the investment performance from the non-GAAP result. This year's first quarter tax rate is expected to be higher than the prior year consistent with the full year tax rate outlook. However, keep in mind that the first quarter tax rate is typically at its lowest quarter level of the year due to the impact of equity vesting and exercise activity on the excess tax benefit for stock compensation. Now, I will provide some details on our financial outlook including the proposed acquisition of Citoxlab. [Indiscernible] in quarter, our guidance for 2019 including the contribution from Citoxlab would be reported revenue growth in a range of 16% to 18% and earnings per share in the range of $6.40 to $6.55. From both strategic and financial perspective believes proposed acquisition would deliver compelling benefit, which will generate value for shareholders. Provides attractive contribution to revenue growth and would be immediately accretive to non-GAAP earnings. It would meet or exceed our return on invested capital hurdle rate in the year [Indiscernible] and it brings us an opportunity to enhance Citoxlab's operating margin. Citoxlab has an adjusted operating margin in the mid-teens range which is similar to WIL acquisition. We believe, through continued growth and operational excellence Citoxlab margins will reach the 20% within approximately two years. Following the acquisition our capital priorities will be focused on debt repayment. We plan to finance the Citoxlab acquisition under our current revolving credit facility and incremental interest expense has been included in the Citoxlab accretion outlook that Jim mentioned. Our pro forma gross leverage ratio at closing is expected to increase to between three and 3.5 times which is consistent with a level after the MPI and WIL transactions. We plan to reduce the leverage in 2019 and drive the leverage ratio below three times within 12 months after the closing or sooner. Currently, we do not intend to repurchase shares in 2019 and expect to exit 2019 with a year end diluted share count approaching 50 million shares. To conclude, were are very pleased with our financial performance in 2018 and believe that we are position to have another strong year in 2019 particularly the expected completion of the proposed Citoxlab acquisition and the associated benefit this acquisition provides. We continue to generate value for our shareholders by consistently growing revenue and cash flow. Over the past five years we have achieved a 15% compound annual growth for both revenue and earnings per share and increase free cash flow by 9% and operating cash flow by 13%, while continuing to make necessary investment to support of growth of our business. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: Thank you, David. Thats concludes our comments. And I would like to say that we do apologize for the audio difficulties. Were having some phone trouble as you can tell. But now, operator, we will like to take their questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for the first question. That will come from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Hi. Good morning. I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail into the business mix for Citoxlab specifically how much of revenue is coming from the agricultural and industrial, chemical testing and just what the funding environment looks like then? How it builds into you know what you're expecting for growth in the asset the next couple years?
David Smith: So the vast provider into the revenue is coming from classic regulated toxicology, largely general and some specific capabilities that we called out in the call like reproductive toxicology and ocular, so big general tox house with some specialty capabilities that enhance areas that we already have. This industrial and chemical piece, we do a lot of that at two of our other sites, so that to increase the capability for us. It's recently small piece of CiTox. We also have medical device testing which doubles the capability that we have corporately and very enthused of our both of those markets particular med device, which is very high growth and significant. And CiTox has exceptional scientific capabilities in this. And I guess, the other thing I want to say about the deal is that the geographic footprint is a very strong force for us. Were excited to be in Eastern Europe. We think there's a lot of benefits of having and building a business in that geographic locale, given cost structure and the educational level and work I think that we finally have.
Jack Meehan: Yes. Thanks for the color. Just one other thing I want to hone in on is on the M&A environment. There was a note in the in the presentation that your future M&A can be more focused on niche players rather than scale. So just wondering how we should interpret that? And as you look down in the landscape, what the longer opportunity is for consolidation?
Jim Foster: Let us clarify that. So, there was a comments specifically about additional Safety Assessment or tox acquisitions and what were really saying is we have substantial scale and geographic footprint and scientific capabilities across the whole variety of areas, including specialty tox areas. So were really pleased with that and we have the ability to continue to grow this business ahead of the market, take share and take new share thats coming out new biotech companies, pharma companies. So any further acquisition in the tox space are likely to be niche deals to that had specific areas and/or some sort of additional geographic players and something we have now. Just to finish the thought, so for the balance of 2019 any further M&A that we do if we do any will be small  something small less than the balance of 2019, integrating this deal and getting our leverage down below three times over the next 12 months or so. We have a variety of large, small and medium-size M&A opportunities in other parts of our business that were working on. We may or may not be able to achieve in fiscal 2020, but I think there will be operationally financially organization ready to do something again in 2020. So it is similar dialogue, what we said last year by MPI subject to the caveat that Charles River might be moving to another large Safety deal.
Jack Meehan: Appreciate. Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Next well go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is [Indiscernible] on for John. So just quick question on the manufacturing segment, Just broadly did really well once again this quarter. And I know this is in the presentation and you touched upon a little bit just more broadly with the business that you kind of expect continuing investments in that business and expanded kind of service offerings? Like, specifically what capability or offerings are they looking to add to or enhance within the manufacturing segment? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Two biggest pieces of that segment are microbial followed by Biologics. So, the investments that were making now, one of them quite significantly in our facility in Pennsylvania, as well as some smaller investments and other geographies provides the necessary capacity for Biologics which is a very high growth business, markets growing at double-digit rates. We have capable competitors but theres enough work for all of us and so we need to continue to invest in capacity. This is were adding a lot this year, so that's a little bit of a headwind to our operating margins. The microbial business is a business that we continue to scale all the time. It's less capital intensive and less capacity intensive for the Biologics business. Thats a business that has extremely high growth and that's more about investing in technology and IP and periodically making a acquisition return to acquisitions in that space within the last three years, so, really nothing dramatic. Weve got duplicate costs this year as a result of kind of keeping two facilities going as we bring one up and bring one down, so we don't disturb clients work. As we said a couple of times well be moving throughout fiscal 2019. Well take us most of the year to finally make that move and it will be a slight headwind to the total operating margin in manufacturing segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks and good morning. Just a couple here. First on manufacturing, I know the comments on the Biologics site investments to transition the redundancy here in early 2019, comments that it will impact your segment operating margin. I was just looking back over the last several years your segment operating margin Q1, Q2, Q3 has bounced around 200, 300, 400 bps quarter-to-quarter. I'm just hoping you can give us a little more detail on where you think the margin plays out as we faced through 2019 in the manufacturing segment, because it's already a pretty volatile segment -- fairly volatile segment as is?
Jim Foster: So  and the short answer is that you know and you actually articulated on this call last  were not a linear-type business and were not linear in manufacturing lines. Although, the margins have been in the mid 30s zip code, and we have bee signaling that we expected to go through the year that would be slightly lower this year because of the pressure we have from the  the move to the Pennsylvania site. So I am not sure were in position to actually try and give you more precise color as how we might see that margin and a move from quarter to quarter. But we maintain and weve also been proud of our ability to predict where the margin will end up year-over-year, but I can't give you that much more color in terms of the where the Q1 would be, for instance.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thats fair. If I shift over to CiTox, Im pretty familiar with the company, but one thing I'm not certain about is do they actually have a models business? Do they have a product side to the company? I know they do some unique testing and maybe have some models that their specialized in that aren't necessarily common across the entire industry but I'm curious whether they actually sell those models to outside clients or simply use them on their internal work?
Jim Foster: They don't have a models business, Eric. So you have to think of as one of our more capable scientifically strong safety assessment competitors, its a company we've had admired from afar. I remember when we first got into the tox business they were the big player in Europe albeit in France. They made a bunch of acquisitions and intervening couple of decades to have strong capabilities in North America as well as we said earlier were very pleased with the medical device capability and the Discovery Services particularly at transporter science which gives drug interaction testing ability. They also have very strong genomics capability. So we're getting science geography, some new capabilities that actually  new capabilities and an enhancement with some of our categories which was smaller and also access to additional client.
Eric Coldwell: Great. One quick last one for David. I think the slides suggest youre going to use the revolver for financing but is that a placeholder do you think you might do another bond dealer or maybe some fixed debt here for the CiTox acquisition?
David Smith: No. It's not a placeholder. We're very comfortable with using the revolver. The European based company that we will be putting the debt in Europe.
Eric Coldwell: Okay.
David Smith: That gives us the cash that we're generating cash -- gives it a home, it give us something to do, unable to pay down that cash down there. So no bond.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. Thank you very much. Good job guys.
David Smith: Thanks.
Operator: Well go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Jim, maybe I'll start with DSA and some of the capacity expansion you highlighted South San Francisco. Can you maybe just give us a sense as to how we should think about the ramp there, the backlog of work capacity? And then are you planning on having any capacity to MPI? This year I know that was one of the options when you first bought it?
Jim Foster: Yes. So, we've got a very interesting cadre of services and South Francisco [Indiscernible] U.S. [Indiscernible] clients want services very proximate to where they are. I want to walk samples over or drive them a mile and then we're literally that close to a whole bunch of biotech and a few pharma companies as well and we'll continue to add to that. So we've -- it's Discovery right now. We've got some Insourcing Solutions capability. And one of the deals that we just didn't like these technology relationships and we've just struck with Distributed Bio, and they're actually right next door. So kind of beginnings of hopefully a larger capability, but it's not a giant footprint right now. We are adding like we have -- we're at least the last half dozen years having small tranches of space at multiple, I'd say six different sites, safety assessment sites throughout the world not just U.S. No and yes we will continue to open space at MPI as we need it. As you know there are lots of non utilize study rooms, some of which are have storage and then some of which are ready for operations. So it's really more about staffing them up. That takes the time. They're readily available. I think that gives us great flexibility for growth in a very measured cost effective manner so that we don't get capacity in excess of the demand and by the same token we don't turn away work because we have insufficient capacity. So we feel very good about some of the new space we're bringing online. We still -- we have a very big footprint and as we add -- as and when we add CiTox we'll have a larger footprint. And that just plays to clients being able to work approximate to where they are and also gives us greater client mobility to be able to say to a client, we're sorry, we're where we're full, and in the space is closest to you, but we have something else that's also reasonably approximate that we can say, stays relatively quickly. So in our focus to enhance speed and take time out of the development process, the breadth and geographic proximity of a portfolio is going to be very powerful.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow up you know I appreciate all the color on CiTox, a couple of quick questions here, Hopefully you know those margins currently around 15% what do you think it takes to get the 20-ish. Is there any kind of cost synergy targets here that you've baked into the EPS accretion you gave us? And then post this deal what's your overall biotech exposure? Where does it take you in terms of biotech exposure for the company?
Jim Foster: We're going to stay away from the cost synergies because it's -- we're just signed a binding offer and we have to wait to get through all of our regulatory and labor consultations and actually have a deal. But to very similar to WIL mid teens margins doesn't mean that they're not a good company, MPI had extraordinarily high margins. So efficiency and margin accretion has just been something that we at focused have focused on. And MPI did that as well. And so some of these other companies that are now part of the full, including hopefully CiTox soon, focused on it last I guess is the best way to put it. So, with the sort of scheduling tools that we have and our overall best practices and growth metrics and efficiency initiatives, how we utilize our space, we know this is not just hope. We know we will be able to improve our margin there. And I think we said we probably would get them to 20 in the next couple of years and obviously we have some more to do. We have to do beyond that. Was there a third part to your question?
Tycho Peterson: Is it about biotech exposure overall now post this deal?
Jim Foster: Yes. I cant give you an exact number. This would be clear this would increase it. They have a range of clients both large and small, they have some big pharma clients. I'd say the majority of their work is with mid to small biotech companies, some of whom we already work with and some of whom we doubt they are domestic and they are North American and non-North American. So it would increase -- it would increase that percentage given that the funding levels and the scientific creativity and advancement and innovation and the fact that none of these clients have internal capabilities, we like that increase.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Hey, a couple of questions. What's capacity utilization at CiTox now and the follow up to that I guess can you talk about capacity utilization across the industry and I just  sort of like pricing trends and seen we're seeing stable pricing increases, just some general color I know youre not going to give specifics, but just would appreciate any backdrop?
Jim Foster: So I would say that could be capacity utilization at CiTox is if they are essentially fully utilizing their space. Having said that, we do think that just some of our capabilities things that I spoke about a moment ago like the way we are scheduling tool that we have, just overall efficiency initiatives that we have. How we time the end of the study and bring up a new one that we still can we get more capacity utilization out of the CiTox facilities even though they're well utilized. So that's just an opportunity for more margin improvement. We could do this with a trivial amount of investment. Derik, we never know exactly what the industry capacity is. I would say that we bought two of our competitors and we hope to buy a third competitor that we're finding our competitors. MPI being an anomaly just the size of the building that we're finding the industry to be generally well utilizing their capacity well. We don't get a sense that if we tell a client that we can't start a study for three months, let's say that they're running into the competition and they could start earlier. We see very little  we see some, but we very little aggressive pricing which is an indication that everyone's busy, everyone's getting some price. Well, we will say about prices that we did get price in 2018 and we anticipate getting more in 2019 and we would expect that competition would as well. So, kind of feels like everybody's behaving themselves. The demand is quite strong kind of across the client base both pharma and biotech. The internal capacity of pharma is shrinking. The internal capacity of biotech particularly the mid-sized and smaller ones never existed. So they are continue to be now outsourcing. So again, we feel really good about having the capacity that we need to accommodate new business and we are continuing to spend a lot of our time on recruitment and training of our employees to have them ready just slightly ahead of when the work comes in because you just can't hire them and catch up with that demand. So we did -- I think we did a very good job in that at 2018, and I think our hiring capabilities have been enhanced and we feel quite confident we will be able to do that in 2019 as well.
Derik De Bruin: If I can just do one quick one since you mentioned hiring. How much wage pressure you seeing?
Jim Foster: No. It's different in every geographic locale and it changes from time to time. You suddenly get some pressure in a Geo. Reno's become an interesting place. Big Tesla battery manufacturing facility, they also have Google and Apple have moved in there. So that's certainly become a place where I'm with that and skill level we have to pay more. I will say that we feel that the entry level enhancements that we made in the middle of last year multiple places in the U.S. and overseas including, China by the way and the alleviation of the compression that had caused. We think we're caught up so we don't think that theres a lot of pressure and obviously if we ever have to tweak a locale like we I just spoke about would we know what we'll do that. But we're not finding it particularly difficult to recruit people. Im finding it difficult at all at the highest end. Derek, if youd find interesting, getting a lot of people from big pharma and biotech, which is fabulous and entry level people you know there's the statistic that we worked on 85% of the drugs. I think people are proud to work in a company that has those metrics and also it's a good recruiting tool. But of course we have to pay well, so we won't let that be an issue and I don't anticipate we'll have another need that sort of wholesale improvement in fiscal 2019.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Well go next to the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I've jumped on late, so I apologize if I'm repeating. But I wanted to shift to manufacturing support understand the kind of seasonality in margin so we know that you're opening this new facility, I believe that to continue those cost headwinds would continue through the middle of next year. The margin was at least seasonally very good in the fourth quarter. So if you wouldn't mind passing those things apart to the extent that you can I would appreciate it.
Jim Foster: Actually we did have a conversation around manufacturing margins going through the quarter. So maybe in the interest of time we could pick that up probably after the call.
David Windley: Okay. Jim, on Citox, you have as youve just said you made these two other acquisitions. Im interested in what advantage kind of adding yet another acquisition gives you. Is it, I mean are you kind of building a position of market power that that kind of spans all specialty capabilities or is there a specific capability that Citox has that fills a hole that you didn't already have.
Jim Foster: That's a that's a really good question. I would say David, its sort of a multiplicity of factors here. One is, that the scientific capabilities of the company are just very deep and very well respected and we felt that way competing with them for a long period of time that they continued to distinguish themselves as weve dealt with WIL and MPI. But I would say that WIL and Citox were unusually, we saw a lot of client feedback about the strengths and so we like that we like the additional capacity in Europe and particularly in Eastern Europe. We actually have aspired to be in Eastern Europe for a long time, and just havent been able to figure out a way to do that. We would always prefer to buy an ongoing operation there are two sites in Hungary, which we are looking forward to expanding and maybe adding some additional services to that. They have strong general tox capability, and also strong specialty in repro and ocular. And we really love the discovery services, some of which we have looked at previously. Now particularly the transporter capability which is really important stuff particularly in drug drug interaction issues, strong genomics portfolio which we hear a lot of our clients asking about. So Id say and then the medical device capability which is a big big markets about a $1 billion. We have a small capability in that, now this doubles our capability. So definitely, we picked up several scientific capabilities and a broader geographic footprint and obviously additional clients that we didnt otherwise have. Overall it provides
David Windley: Thank you. Super. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank.
DanLeonard: Thank you. Just a visibility question. In the parts of your business where this question is relevant that our capacity driven, you know how much of your real revenue for 2019 would you say is already booked, today versus what that might be a typical level and given forward period?
Jim Foster: Yes, I mean thats something that we report on except to say that we have a strong bookings and backlog scenario, a lot of proposals coming in just we ended the year very strong and we just know it's continuing. We think the demand metrics just in terms of funding, outsourcing and sophistication and elegance of some of the new scientific breakthroughs are really driving a lot of the growth. So we feel very good that the demand will continue and well have some pricing power, that the mix will be that could be beneficial for us in terms of specialty and general tox and having some, having some backlog is really important because studies inevitably will slip, drugs won't be ready on time. So if somebody has booked a slot, you know -- we need somebody else to slot in behind it. Also, we need to try to match our hiring metrics with demand and stay slightly ahead of that. So we a pretty good line of sight lets say four or five months ahead, in safety as to what the bookings are at each side. And you know I think were doing an increasingly more sophisticated job at staffing up to that demand level.
DanLeonard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [Indiscernible] for Ricky. I just want to ask a question on margins. So looking at the Tox business, its already a high margin business. And you mentioned that the DSA segment will be a primary margin driver of the overall improvement in fiscal 2019. So can you give us a bit more color on how much more margin expansion from tox do you expect in 2019 and maybe the longer term outlook?
Jim Foster: Signal that for the full year, if you look at just that whats the total. Weve said that there will be modest improvements with the margin that we had last year, about 18.8% and that's primarily driven by the DSA segment. Now we haven't actually passed that down cycle by segment where that will come from, but try to get some clearance to where it increased over 80 would come from. And if you've been following that you know that we kind of have a number of headwinds that we're dealing with like we got a headwind from the salary adjustment that we made in July last year which probably puts on about a 20% -- a 20 basis point headwind for the 2019 on total business. And we have headwinds from the NIAID contract even though the revenue is obviously very good, and we've got headwinds from the capacity expansion biologics. However, we do have strong order books. So we do get sort of a tailwind on the DSA in particular and we also get tailwind from the unallocated corporate cost. Now we've been bringing those down 7.5% as a percentage of revenue in 2016, 7% in 2017, 6.5% in 2018 and were signaling that we'll be at 6% of revenue this year at 2019. So when you put all of those ingredients together, that's why we feel that on balance that we should see a modest improvement over the margin for the total company for  2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thats helpful. And my second question is around the biotech funding. And we saw the robust Biotech Fund environment in 2018. And can you maybe talk a bit about how you think about the current industry dynamics and we have heard a lot of discussions around the drug pricing, the rebates in industry. So would you expect any kind of like impact on the large biopharma spending or outsourcing trend based on your interactions with the large biopharma clients?
Jim Foster: We feel that large and small biotech clients are extremely well financed. The figure is at least clear for years of cash available. No reason to believe that fiscal 2019 would be a slow year in terms of cash coming into the sector both directly into these companies or to the VC sector or from Big Pharma. Thats just to support biotech. As long as the breakthrough is continuing to happen, you had the first company file RNAi. I got approval on RNAi drug use a bunch of messenger RNA drugs in the market for a thousand gene therapy drugs have been filed obviously continued breakthroughs in immuno oncology. So it's hard to believe that the capital markets won't continue to support these companies. Its also hard to believe that there would be any sort of federally mandated pricing, ceilings on innovative drugs that are satisfying unmet medical need. That just would be sort of the anti-American and antibusiness and would probably have a chilling effect on these companies desire and ability to continue to invest in R&D. So we think thats a fair amount of noise, maybe there will be some price ceilings on generic drugs for which there are multiple drugs with specific indications. Most of our clients, virtually all of our clients are dealing with the innovative molecules. So would you anticipate a similar demand curve that we saw in 2018 could be better, dont see how or why it would be worse.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Robert Jones of Goldman Sachs.
Nathan Rich: Hi, this is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. Just going back to the Citox deal Jim, you mentioned you know access to new customers was one of the components of a rationale for doing the deal. Could you maybe just help us think about how much of the current Citox business are not customers of Charles River right now, and is there anything you need to that customer said and just in terms of like geography your areas of focus. And what do you see as kind of the opportunity to go after those customers and sell them a broader set of your solutions?
Jim Foster: Its a great question so. Were not going to give a specific number except to say that the overlap with Charles River customers is somewhat more favorable than it was with MPI. So its beneficial for us. We did a very good job, and we worked hard at it. We did a very good job with MPI and WIL who wanted to continue to work at MPI and WIL sites with MPI and WIL staff of keeping those clients happy to the extent that they just had business as usual, and well do the same thing with this deal when it happens. The beneficial upside as you pointed to, for both, the legacy clients of the company is that we buy but also legacies Charles River clients to help them, be able to audit and be happy with the possibility of doing work at multiple sites when particular site is full. So, we have many MPI and legacy WIL clients who are now using Charles River sites that they didnt otherwise use or even have anything understanding of. Also interestingly, we have legacies Charles River clients who are using MPI and WIL site. Tonight, we would expect exactly the same thing with this deal that we now just have a bigger portfolio to provide our legacy clients maybe, a site thats more proximate, maybe a site that is available, maybe a site that is doing something in a proximate way that another one of that site isnt. So the magic for our business, is its notional claim ability which we talk about a lot to be able to say the clients, the more, the more you are open to and comfortable with a larger number of assets and capabilities, the more quickly we can be responsive to you. And then, we have lots and lots of clients that use multiple sites and are happy with that. These multiple sites for different reasons, so we just feel this expands and enhances that overall capability.
Nathan Rich: Thanks, appreciate the detail.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Erin Wright of Credit Suisse
Erin Wright: Hey thanks. Can you speak to the compensation structure changes that youve talked about previously and are you seeing the response from those initiatives that you would expect in or is there more that you have to do there? And then a separate question. I understand your overall diversity across your portfolio does limit your exposure here, but how should we be thinking about the implications of pharma consolidation across your business? Thanks.
Jim Foster: We had a major intervention as we talked about a few moments ago in our [Indiscernible] and the attendant compression last year. And the direct result of that is, we were able to hire a lot of people last year. A lot of them in safety assessments, as we needed and slightly ahead of where we needed them, with the resulting reduction overtime, and a resulting reduction in turnover, which is exactly what we wanted. So well continue to drive those same metrics, continue to drive turnover down, continue to enhance our training methodologies continue to recruit in large numbers, trained people together, cross train them, so theres more flexibility in terms of the work they do and make sure that we dont get compression with people that have been with us a long time. So it feels like weve stabilized that situation nicely and have moved into 2019 with a stronger headcount and greater ability to recruit people. You know the big pharma merges, they are what they are. We have no clients that are kind of more than 2.5% of our revenues. So our customer concentration is really wild. Thats a great thing. So nobody asked permission before they do this deal. So all we can do is, do great work for all of these companies when theyre independent, which you should assume that the companies that are in the public press these days are clients of ours. We do good work with. If the portfolios are really complementary, that therell be a significant amount of work that will be outsourced and that we should continue to get a lions share of that work. Its impossible to know what the punchline is because one of those big deals is isnt final, and one just was finalized, but we feel very good about our, our position with those clients and our relationship with them. We also think its highly unlikely that were going to see any more deals anytime. Its just a small number of clients left. And bigger isnt necessarily better.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question, and that will come from the line of Dan Brennan of UBS.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking the question. David, I just wanted to go back to the fourth quarter on manufacturing margin. I think, I was asked earlier, but its unclear, if you could provide some more clarity since the margin was significantly ahead of what we were anticipating despite the revenues kind of being in line. So can you elaborate a bit on what drove that particularly with the capacity expansion that you have ongoing?
David Smith: I mean, we I think the simple answer is Q4 was a strong performance from all of that segment. You know were really pleased with the strength of the revenue that came in, and the operating result that we delivered. And I think theres nothing more to say than the performance of those underlying businesses beat our expectations and beat our expectations and offset some of the pressure [ph] that we saw from the bilogics move.
Dan Brennan: Okay. And then maybe one more question on Citox. Jim, I think you or David discussed during the prepared remarks about the deal is expected to exceed your ROIC target tipping by Year 3 or Year 4. Maybe could you just, discuss what those goals are? And I guess implicit in that, is there an assumption that the high single digit growth rate that your stated at Citox is growing at and I presume that number would have to go higher in order to achieve those goals. Maybe you can just address both of those? And thank you.
Jim Foster: I missed the beginning of that question.
Dan Brennan: It was just on ROIC, I think Jim talked about or David you had mentioned [Indiscernible] just kind of what are those goals, maybe a little clarity on that. And then kind of whats implicit for topline growth in order to achieve those goals? Thank you.
Jim Foster: So when we looked at M&A and we have a number of metrics that were looking at. One of which is we expect it to be positively accretive out of the gate, and were not looking for companies that we want to turn around. One of the other key metrics that we have is a return on invested capital that peaked our WACC by three or four. And what we were trying to figure by that statement was that, we believe that this acquisition will achieve that like target. In New York Investor Day in August last year, we called out quite a bit of that history of how weve been doing with our acquisitions. So we were signaling this morning that we will be held to account to that target as we have without prior acquisition. And at some point in the future Im sure well get an update to where we are in our portfolio about achieving that.
Dan Brennan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Todd Spencer  Corporate Vice President-Investor Relations  Jim Foster  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David Smith  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Muken  Evercore ISI David Windley  Jefferies Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan John Kreger  William Blair Erin Wright  Credit Suisse Derik de Bruin  Bank of America Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley Jack Meehan  Barclays George Hill  RBC Dan Brennan  UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. Todd Spencer. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the third quarter of 2018. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 455326.  The replay will be available through November 21. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements. During this call, we will primarily discuss results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe help investors gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. In August I mentioned that we were benefiting from an extremely healthy market environment and believe that the pace of demand for our essential products and services would accelerate in the second half of the year. We're very pleased with our third quarter results, which are evidence of that demand and the successful execution of our strategy.  We reported organic revenue growth above 10% for the first time since 2008. And while we expect the growth rate to fluctuate over time, we believe the third quarter growth rate supports our view of high single-digit revenue growth over the life of our strategic plan. Fundamental changes in the biopharmaceutical industry over the last decade and changes we have made internally to drive greater efficiency and create a seamless, best-in-class early-stage portfolio by driving tremendous opportunity for us. By continuing to invest in our portfolio, our people and our infrastructure, we believe we are extremely well-positioned among early-stage CROs to support our client's increasingly complex research needs. The success of our strategy has been validated by the fact that we worked on 80% of the FDA-approved drugs in 2017. And we were once again ranked as the best position non-clinical CRO to work with by our clients in two recent sell-side analyst surveys. Let me give you the highlights of our third quarter performance. We reported revenue of $585.3 million, a 26.1% increase over the third quarter of last year. Broad-based growth across our portfolio of early-stage drug research and manufacturing products and services delivered strong organic growth of 10.7%. Both our RMS and DSA segments reported significant increases in the organic growth rates from the second quarter level and the Manufacturing segment continue to grow at a low double-digit rate. From a client perspective, biotechnology clients were the most significant driver of growth and sales to global biopharmaceutical clients also increased meaningfully.  At 18.8%, the operating margin was stable despite continued investments across our businesses. Higher revenues and improved operating efficiency offset the costs associated with the additional personnel and capacity required to accommodate increasing client demand and the 50-basis point headwind associated with the hourly wage adjustments that were implemented on July 1. The manufacturing operating margin was lower on a year-over-year basis, primarily as a result of duplicate costs ahead of opening new capacity in the Biologics business. Earnings per share were $0.53 in the third quarter an increase 17.7% from $0.30 in the third quarter of 2017. The increase was due primarily to higher revenue and operating income, including the contribution from MPI and a lower tax rate. Venture capital investment gains totaled $0.08 per share in the quarter compared to $0.07 last year. We remain enthusiastic about the outlook for our business, which we believe supports our increased guidance for organic revenue growth to a range of 8% to 8.5%. We narrowed our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to $5.87 to $5.97 in 2018, which is within our prior range. Our updated earnings per share guidance reflects our strong operating performance in the third quarter, offset by anticipated venture-capital investment losses in the fourth quarter. With respect to VC investments, we believe the third quarter $0.08 gain will be offset by an approximate $0.10 loss based on the preliminary performance of the VC funds at the beginning of the fourth quarter. I'd like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the DSA segment. DSA revenue in the third quarter was $352.3 million, a 13.1% increase on our organic basis, driven by broad-based growth across the Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses.  We were exceptionally pleased by the DSA segment's performance, which we believe is being driven by a robust biotech funding environment coupled with increased spending from large biopharma clients. Clients both large and small are increasingly choosing to partner with Charles River due to our science, our broad early-stage portfolio from target discoveries through nonclinical development and the flexible relationships that enable clients to work with us for a study, a project or an entire therapeutic program.  The 580 basis point increase in the DSA growth rate to 13.1% from the second quarter rate of 7.3% was primarily the result of an acceleration in the pace of demand for our Safety Assessment services, which we had anticipated based on the robust booking in backlog activity in the second quarter.  Third quarter bookings and backlog were also robust, suggesting a strong fourth quarter to end the year. As a result, we expect the DSA organic growth rate will be at the upper end of the high single-digit range for the year. All of our in-life safety assessment facilities reported higher revenue year-over-year and MPI continued to exceed our expectation. Capacity remained well-utilized and the study mix continued to improve.  We are continuing to win new business on the basis of our scientific expertise, our broad portfolio that has been enhanced by the acquisitions of MPI and WIL, and our flexible and customized working relationships, which enable our clients to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their early-stage research.  Clients appreciate the value we bring to the research and the emphasis we place on individualized services, which has differentiated us from the competition. The robust demand environment is also placing greater focus on capacity management and research planning to accommodate new business. This is particularly important when our global Safety Assessment network is operating at near optimal levels of utilization with the exception of MPI, which has available capacity.  Our efforts to enhance operating efficiency and better harmonize our Safety Assessment sites are not only benefiting our internal workflow but are also creating a more seamless experience for our clients. Many of them are increasingly choosing to work across multiple Charles River sites, and in select cases, clients are willing to place their work at whichever site can best accommodate them. The Discovery Services business also had an excellent quarter with strong performances from both our Early Discovery and InVivo Discovery businesses. The actions that we have implemented over the past two years to improve the performance of the Early Discovery business are generating the intended benefits. By focusing on our scientific expertise for the discovery of novel therapeutics, target sales strategies and the harmonization of the Discovery portfolio, we are attracting new business from both large biopharma and mid-tier biotech clients, including for integrated discovery programs. Many of these integrated programs begin with a target identification capabilities of our early Discovery business and encompass additional Discovery and Safety Assessment capabilities as the programs advance. While currently, about 20% of our DSA clients work in an integrated fashion across both businesses, we believe that as our clients continue to outsource more of their early-stage drug research programs, we will be able to achieve our long-term goal to have at least half of our DSA clients working across both businesses. We believe that we will continue to enhance our value proposition for clients by leveraging the synergies that exist between the two businesses and by continuing to expand and enhance our early-stage capabilities through both acquisition and internal investment. To enhance our Discovery capabilities, in October, we signed an exclusive partnership with Distributed Bio. This partnership gives us access to their early-stage therapeutic antibody discovery and optimization platforms, which are critical tools to support our clients' large molecule discovery efforts. Distributed Bio's platform intersects perfectly with our existing early-stage biology and pharmacology services, which will greatly enhance our ability to support our client's development of new antibody therapies.  With large molecule discoveries comprising nearly half of the global drug discovery pipeline, this area represents a significant growth opportunity for our Discovery business. Our In Vivo Discovery business continued to perform very well, particularly in both oncology and bioanalytical services. Oncology is the largest and one of the fastest growing areas of drug research and our continued investment in this critical therapeutic area has driven demand for our oncology expertise. Demand for our comprehensive suite of large and small molecule bioanalytical services, including for Agilux services, also continues to increase significantly. To better support our West Coast clients and the robust demand for our early-stage services, we recently expanded the service offering at our south San Francisco bio health site, which is located in the second largest region in the U.S. for biotech investments, behind Boston, Cambridge area.  The site, which was an existing brand online facility, offering CNS Discovery Services, has expanded to include additional discovery capabilities, including DMPK and bioanalytical services. We plan to further expand the service capabilities because we believe a multiservice West Coast location will enable us to generate new business opportunities by providing critical services proximate to the fast-growing biotech client base. The DSA operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 22.6% compared to a year ago despite the hourly wage adjustments, which reduced the third quarter DSA operating margin by approximately 75 basis points. The margin improvement was driven primarily by leverage from higher revenue in the Discovery business. As we have previously mentioned, the DSA segment is by far the largest client of our research models business. While new technologies and more complex specialty models have led to more targeted research, the underlying demand for our research models and associated services is based largely on the level of early-stage R&D activity that is being conducted across large biopharma, biotech and academic institutions.  We believe that the acceleration of biopharmaceutical research activity in the third quarter, which led to the significant increase in the third quarter DSA revenue growth rate, also drove higher demand in the RMS segment. RMS revenue was $126.8 million, an increase of 4.5% on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year.  Our research model business in China delivered another exceptional performance, and our Insourcing Solutions and Gen businesses also performed very well. Demand for our research models and mature markets also improved modestly for the third consecutive quarter this year. In China, we continue to add capacity in our new Shanghai facility to support robust market demand and win new business in this important geographic region. You may recall that we begin shipping models for this site in early 2018 and are continuing to expand our presence in the Shanghai market to take advantage of the growth opportunity. Insourcing Solutions, or IS, continues to perform well. Our clients increasingly adopt strategic insourcing to enhance the operational efficiency of the Vivarium management and research efforts. We were very pleased to be awarded the five year, $95.7 million contract with the National and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, one of the largest institutes of the NIH, and to which we will be managing and staffing NIAID on-site vivarium and related research model operations.  We expect the contract to generate annual revenue of approximately $18 million. Because the contract didn't commence until September 14, it will provide only a small benefit to RMS revenue growth this year but will enhance the RMS growth rate by more than 300- basis points over the first year until it anniversaries in September of 2019. As a reminder, the profitability of our IS contracts can be significantly lower than our corporate operating margin. But they generate good cash flow and returns and because of the low capital investment required, academic and government institutions have historically been IS's primary client base. But we're also attracting new biopharma clients because of the flexible models into which they can opt to work with us. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 25.9% due primarily to leverage from improving demand and higher pricing across the RMS business. The RMS margin increased despite several headwinds, including NPI intercompany sales, for which the revenue and profitability are now recognized in the DSA segment and the hourly wage adjustment implemented on July 4. Beginning in the fourth quarter the NIAID contract will also pressure the RMS operating margin by approximately 50 basis points. However, we are continuing to focus on driving operating efficiency throughout the RMS business and intend to expand the use of technology to further enhance productivity and differentiate Charles River from the competition.  The manufacturing support segment reported another strong quarter with revenue of $106.2 million. The organic growth rate was 12.5%, led by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics testing solutions businesses. We were very pleased with the performance of the Microbial Solutions business, which benefited from robust demand from our EndoSafe testing systems and cartridges, core reagents and microbial identification services. The advantages of our unique portfolio which includes both rapid endotoxin and microbial testing systems and microbial identification libraries continued to resonate with clients. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our client will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver low double-digit organic revenue growth.  To drive greater client adoption and support it's growth, we are continuing to invest in the business to enhance its product and service offerings, technological interface and geographic scope. In the third quarter, we entered into a strategic agreement with Hygiena, a leading rapid food safety testing solutions provider that will optimize the commercial reach of our Celsis Innovate and RapiScreen solutions by leveraging Hygenia's global dairy, food and beverage distribution network and product portfolio.  The Biologics business reported strong revenue growth in the third quarter as we discussed at our Investor Day in August, the increasing number of Biologics in development represents a significant market opportunity for our Biologics business, which provides services that support the manufacture of Biologics, including process development and quality control. We believe the Biologics market opportunity is expanding at a low double-digit rate annually, which is why we continue to significantly invest in additional capacity for this business.  We continue to make progress with our plans to open a new facility in Pennsylvania, as well as other smaller expansions globally. Once the new Pennsylvania site opens, we intend to transition certain laboratory operations to the new site in a measured pace, a process which is expected to continue through 2019.  We are incurring duplicate costs as we hire and train new staff ahead of the opening, which moderately pressured the manufacturing segments operating margin in the third quarter and is expected to do so until the transition to the new facility is complete. Due primarily to the additional costs associated with the Biologics capacity expansion, the manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin declined by 310-basis points year-over-year to 33.4%. We expect that the manufacturing segment's operating margin will be slightly below our long-term target this year due to the Biologics capacity expansion and a slower start for the year. But we firmly believe that the margin will expand to our mid-30% target once the Biologics expansion is complete. We are extremely pleased with the third quarter performance and the demand which drove it. We are recognized as the premier early-stage CRO at a time when the biopharmaceutical industry is as strong as we have seen it in the last decade. Large pharma is continuing to restructure, to create a more efficient R&D platform by externalizing the research effort through partnerships and investments in the biotech industry, academia and NGOs and by outsourcing their work to flexible CRO partners like Charles River. Biotech has become the innovation engine of the drug industry, supported by funding from large biopharma in the capital markets. In fact, funding from the capital market is on track to be the second best year on record. Funding will inevitably spur continued investments in biotech pipelines for years to come, and we believe our biotech clients will choose to partner with a CRO like Charles River because we have the scientific expertise and business acumen to best support them in the search for new therapies. We believe that many factors from the execution of our strategy to the strength of the biopharmaceutical industry are driving demand for our products and services. We remain optimistic that the progress we have made and the favorable market conditions will continue through the end of the year and beyond. To accommodate the current pace of demand, we intend to continue to enhance our scientific capabilities through both M&A and internal development, expand capacity and staff, invest in technology to provide critical data for both internal and client use. Through these critical investments, we believe we will achieve our goal of providing greater value to our clients and to our shareholders. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I'll ask David to give you additional details on the third quarter results and updated 2018 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the divestiture of the CDMO business in 2017 and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture and the impact of foreign currency translation. We're very pleased with our results for the third quarter, which included double-digit increases in revenue growth and non-GAAP earnings per share as well as significantly higher free cash flow. Our business continued to benefit from robust market conditions and the accelerating pace of client demand for our early-stage product and services.  Despite the disciplined investment in portfolio and people and infrastructure that we made, the operating margin was flat year-over-year and would have increased by 50 basis points when adjusted for the previously discussed change to our compensation structure. The strong performance is reflected in third quarter earnings per share of $1.53, an increase of 17.7% year-over-year, exceeding our expectations due to the combination of the strong operating performance and an $0.08 gain on venture capital investments. We anticipate that the third quarter VC gain will be offset by an approximate $0.10 loss in the fourth quarter based on the preliminary market performance of the fund and in particular, a loss from one of the portfolio companies. For the year, we now expect VC gains of $0.24 per share. As a reminder, given the inherent difficulty of forecasting VC gains or losses, we will eliminate VC investment performance from our guidance beginning in 2019. In that spirit, our normalized third quarter earnings per share growth rate, excluding VCs, was essentially the same at 17.9% year-over-year. Unallocated corporate costs for the third quarter were $37.5 million or 6.4% of revenue, 80 basis points below last year's level of 7.2%. We continue to invest in a more scalable operating model, managing investments and personnel and IT to support our growing business while driving greater operating efficiencies. At 6.7% year-to-date, we now expect non-GAAP unallocated corporate cost to be slightly above 6.5% of total revenue for the full year as we continue to leverage the investments we have made to build a scalable platform. Net interest expense was $17 million in the third quarter a slight increase of $300,000 sequentially, reflecting higher LIBOR rates associated with the federal reserve rate increases this year. For the year, we narrowed our outlook for net interest expense to $59 million to $60 million. Our tax rate has been trending to the lower-end of our outlook over the course of the year, due primarily to the continued refinements of U.S. tax reform guidance, tax savings from operational efficiency initiatives and discrete tax benefits. These trends were reflected in the third quarter tax rate of 23.5%, which was lower by 310 basis points year-over-year and essentially unchanged on a sequential basis.  For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be in a range of 22% to 23% on a non-GAAP basis, which is below our prior range of 23.5% to 25%.  Turning to free cash flow. The third quarter was exceptional at $94.8 million compared to $37.5 million last year. The significant increase, reflected the strong underlying operating performance of our businesses and our continued focus on working capital management. In addition, we received an upfront cash payment from Hygiena as part of the Microbial Solutions strategic agreement that Jim discussed, which was mostly offset by advanced payments we made to fund our U.S. and U.K. pension plan.  For the full year, we expect free cash flow to be in a range of $290 million to $300 million, an increase of $30 million over our previous outlook, reflecting the strong third quarter cash flow generation. CapEx increased slightly year-over-year to $22.4 million in the third quarter and our outlook remained at approximately $120 million for the full year. We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to deploy capital to those areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation followed by debt repayments. At the end of the third quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $1.67 billion, reflecting repayments of $144 million of debt since the second quarter. On a pro forma basis, our gross leverage ratio was 2.8 times, and our net leverage ratio was 2.6 times. Since our leverage ratio is now below 3 times, we will benefit from a 25 basis point reduction on the interest rate for the variable rate debt to LIBOR plus 125- basis points. Looking ahead, we are comfortable with the gross leverage ratio below three times and absent any acquisitions, we'll continue to repay debt. Looking at our 2018 guidance. We increased our reported revenue growth outlook to a range of 21% to 22%, and our organic growth outlook to a range of 8% to 8.5%, reflecting continued strong market demand trend and a slightly higher contribution from acquisitions, primarily MPI. Foreign exchange is expected to be slightly less favorable because of the strengthening U.S. dollar. We now expect an approximate 1.5% benefit from FX for the year compared to our prior outlook of a 2% benefit. This will translate into a slight incremental headwind to full year EPS when compared to our prior outlook in August. Although we increased the outlook for both reported and organic revenue growth, the segment ranges will stay the same on an organic basis. However, we expect DSA and RMS to be at the higher-end of the ranges, which remain high single-digit and low single-digit, respectively. We continue to expect the manufacturing segment to grow at a low double-digit rate for 2018. We are narrowing our non-GAAP earnings guidance to a range of $5.87 to $5.97 for 2018 compared to our prior outlook of $5.85 to $6. Our updated guidance reflects our strong third quarter performance, largely offset by anticipated losses from our venture capital investments of approximately $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter. Excluding VC, we expect normalized earnings per share growth of 13% to 15% for the full year. Our 2018 outlook also reflects our current expectation that the operating margin for the year will be lower than our original estimates. We have made necessary investments in our business to accommodate demand and to position the company for future growth. These investments include capacity expansions, hiring additional staff and adjustments to our compensation structure. We believe that we are beginning to realize the intended benefit and operating leverage from these investments and coupled with our robust revenue outlook, expect to generate sequential margin improvement in the fourth quarter. However, the improvement will be partially offset by headwinds from the new Biologics site, the NIAID contract and normal seasonality in the RMS segment. A detailed summary of our updated financial guidance can be found on Slide 38. For the fourth quarter, we expect reported and organic revenue growth to be driven by continued strong demand trends across all of our businesses. The RMS revenue growth rate will improve modestly, benefiting from a full quarter of revenue generated under the NIAID contract.  With regard to earnings per share, the continued strong operational performance and our expectation for sequential margin improvement is expected to be partially offset by an anticipated loss from our venture capital investment and a tax rate in the mid-20% range.  In closing, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance. We are on track to exceed the full year outlook that we originally provided in February for reported and organic revenue growth, earnings per share and free cash flow. We will continue to take a disciplined approach to investing in our people, infrastructure and technology as we build a larger organization and enhance our ability to support existing client relationships and to forge new ones. We believe this focus will continue to enhance our position as the premier early-stage contract research organization and show continued success for our business and generating greater returns for all of our stakeholders, clients, employees and shareholders. Thank you.
Todd Spencer: That concludes our  sorry, operator. It is now time for the Q&A session to being.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first comes from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI.
Ross Muken: Good morning and congrats guys on a great quarter. Maybe, I thought calling out the effort in RMS around the IS unit was kind of interesting, and it seems like a really sensible long-term strategy. Maybe just talk a bit about sort of how long that group has been together? What sort of the success has been so far? And why you're kind of highlighting it now? And why it feels like there's sort of a potential for maybe some elevated momentum in that unit?
Jim Foster: The business that we have had for quite some time, Ross, I would say certainly couple of decades anyway. It's been historically largely government and academic. But I'd say the last decade has been more biotech and pharma. It's an international business, so we manage these vivarium all over the world. It's a very efficient way for the clients to utilize us particularly those who have head-count limitations or lack of expertise.  To be frank, as you probably heard us say a few years ago, we're somewhat surprised that this business hasn't grown faster and isn't larger given the dramatic outsourcing trend. And I don't want to get out over my skis but we still would anticipate that it would follow similarly as the expertise is requested and demanded externally.  But it's happening slowly but its happening and it's picked up as of the last few years. This big contract that we just got is obviously particularly meaningful. It's one of the biggest institutes of the NIH. And it's a large cadre of employees that we're taking over from veterinarians all the way to entry-level employees. It's really pretty powerful stuff. So in terms of additional government work, it's obviously helpful when we have some and we do really good work for one agency vis-a-vis others. We have conversations with every client. Certainly, all the big ones, Big Pharma and mid-to large size biotech about the ability and desire for us to do this sort of work for them.  And their receptivity is all over the place. But it's a business that we're definitely seeing accelerate. One we know that we can make a difference for our clients. One that's utilization of our expertise in a really meaningful way. So worth watching. Again, I do want to overstate it but this is a big contract. 
Ross Muken: And maybe just on the margins. Obviously, I now you've commented  you took down sort of the full year expectation a bit. But the incremental margins or the momentum has been kind of gaining over the balance of the year. As we sort of jump off  I mean, there's a lot of moving parts between the new contract, which is sort of dilutive and then obviously the wage hikes but then you're getting all the volume absorption. I guess how do you feel about kind of that progression and the jump-off into 2019 and sort of the ability to get back to the expanding margins given all the efficiency initiatives etcetera you have going on as well?
Jim Foster: We feel very strongly that we are making the right investments for our clients and our employees and for the company. So we are investing heavily in staff and capacity. We did make our wage adjustments which is just sort of a  essentially a one-time catch up. But a really important one in terms of enhancing our recruitment efforts. We continue to work aggressively on efficiency across all of our businesses and will continue to do so. The Discovery business is improving nicely but it's still a drag. The WIL businesses, little bit of a drag, Biologics we've definitely called out as a drag but with very clear reasons for it. So we're certainly not going to talk about 2019 but we are organized always to drive margin in this business. It's a combination of additional business, the mix of business, how much price we get, how well capacity is utilized and how much share we are able to take with respect to de novo work and/or work from the competition.  We feel really good about the strength of this franchise. We feel really good about the strength of the demand pretty much across all of our businesses on a world-wide basis. And we don't see any logical reason why that demand should dissipate anytime soon, it certainly gives us confidence in the balance of the year. I suspect it will give us confidence when we talk to you about 2019.
Ross Muken: Great thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of David Windley with Jefferies.
David Windley: I kind of want to, at the risk of being repetitive, I kind of want to follow up on Ross' question on margin. Jim, is it possible  or maybe it's a David question. But is it possible to kind of bridge  I appreciate that you quantified the wage impact, I guess, 75 basis points to, I think, you say DSA. And 50 basis points overall. Is it possible to kind of walk us forward from margins that were in DSA. For example, about the same level last year. You've added over $100 million in revenue, which included MPI, which I think was a higher margin business. And margins are relatively flat. So I'm kind of hoping to understand how much underlying operating leverage and efficiency are you getting that is then being offset by some of these discretionary investments. 
Jim Foster: Seriously we will let David jump on this.
David Windley: We got a list of things that were going to comment on margins. And Jim actually did a great job on jumping through all of the different pieces that we think you ought to be aware of. The only item I would add is that we have been investing, as we made clear for a while now, in the infrastructure, including back office, to make sure that we're a scalable business for the future.  And in the comments that we've actually shared with you today about the unallocated corporate costs, you can see we're beginning to get some of that leverage now as we scale up. So I think the commentary is very similar to what we said in New York, right? There are difficult choices that we're making between investing in today to generate benefit for the future. There's a lot of puts-and-takes. It's difficult to call out all the different math to help you go to the answer in 2019. We will clearly give you more information in February to give you guidance to decide where 2019 will end up. But we remain as we said in New York, we remain over a five year period in the hunt to get north of 20%. And we think that the investments that we've made have been thoughtful and generating the returns. So I think the quarter returns you're seeing today, are beginning to show some of the fruits of this endeavor.
David Windley: Great. Appreciate the extra color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. I want to start with DSA. It sounds like things have gotten better. Steady mix issues in SA are maybe still a bit of a drag. So could you talk kind of where we are in that process, is this more structural versus temporal on the study mix issues. And then any comment, Jim, you're willing to make on pricing trends and then future capacity expansion. I know you talked about South San Francisco, could you just talk if there's other planned extensions underway.
Jim Foster: Yes. So, on the study mix, as we said the last two quarters, sort of impossible to design the study mix, it comes as it comes and profitability is essentially comparable between long and short-term studies. So we had long-term studies nuanced at the beginning of the year as you recall, which added to the cost. That has continued to sort of moderate out through the year and will continue to do so. And it was kind of an unusual quarter. It's kind of always  you always have whatever study mix comes through the door and it's the first time, I think, we've ever had to comment on it. So what we're most pleased with is that we are essentially extremely well utilized in our capacity throughout the entire world, we still have enough to take on enough business for the growth rates we've talked to you about today. Of course, MPI had a significant amount of capacity, which we hope to use as soon as the work comes in. So we feel that we're in really good symmetry with capacity and demand. You know we're not going to talk specifically about pricing except that I would say that you obviously get the benefit of mix if and as specialty work is nuanced or strong. You'll recall that our specialty work is more significant than anybody else's in the industry and we actually picked up some specialty capabilities with both of these acquisitions so you should presume that the specialty business is strong. You should also presume that anybody that calls us doesn't have a long-term agreement. If there was some sort of pricing escalation limit, we're going to try to get price and you should assume there's some price playing through these numbers. In terms of capacity, I would say that we're looking carefully across the world. We will continue to add space at multiple sites because proximity is important, because some sites we're out of space, because some sites we want to turn on space that was available, but it's being used. And we feel very good about the scope and span of our geographic footprint just in terms of really being able to be responsive to our clients. We have a lot of clients who want to come and visit. We have a lot of clients who just sleep better knowing the work is being done closely and maybe somebody can speak to them in their own language and they can get billed on their own currency. And if there's a problem or an opportunity, they can go and dialogue with their study director. So we think that the geographic footprint of the portfolio continues to be a strategic advantage for us.
Tycho Peterson: And then just a follow-up on RMS, it sounds like some of the uptick was driven by better growth in mature markets outside of China, IS and in GEMS. So can you maybe talk to the sustainability of the 4.5% growth you saw. And then on IS, it seems like that's dilutive to margins. Is there anything you can do to kind of improve the margins for that part of the business?
Jim Foster: So IS will never generate the margins that the core business will do. The core business is extremely profitable and all we can do is reiterate  or maybe a couple of things. We can reiterate the fact that while it's a drag on margins, the cash flow generation is quite significant and the return on invested capital is quite significant because the investment in CapEx is somewhere between zero and trivial depending on what deal we're working on. Sometimes there's a little bit of CapEx. So it's going to be part of who we are. It also is  and we didn't say this, but perhaps should have, it also is a way to literally live inside of your clients and provide an opportunity to talk to them about the other products and services that we provide and pull some of that work through. So on a see-through basis, there is a larger benefit from it. And what's the first part of your question?
Tycho Peterson: Just the growth was driven by
Jim Foster: Okay. You asked about mature markets, yes. So I don't want you to get overly focused on that except to say that if you step back, we're extremely pleased with the organic growth rate of RMS. It's a low single-digit grower and I'd say this is better than low. We'll take it a quarter at a time. All of the products and pieces are performing well. So you have the drag of the MPI business going intercompany. Notwithstanding that, China rocks IS and GEMS do extremely well and the mature markets did better. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that business does generate more researches being done by our clients, both large and small. So that's a pure-play growth in that business with some mix and some pricing playing through. So we feel really good about the RMS quarter. It's the best quarter we've had in a long time. We obviously feel wonderful about the added benefit of having NIAID contract on top of that. You have to adjust your thinking a little bit about the impact to the margins. Having said that, we will continue to work hard to drive efficiency in that business, use better IT solutions in that business, better inventory management in that business and also to take share in that business. We don't have a 100% share. So some share growth opportunity particularly in the academic marketplace, so I think RMS is in a very good place, right now.
David Smith: Yes. And just to make sure people will understand some of the math. I mean, while we don't call out the margins on any individual customer, what we have called out on the NIAID contract given how large it is we've given you the revenue for the five year contract, we've given you the revenue per annum and we've also told you that the pressure on the RMS margin is 50 basis points of people.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Thanks very much. Jim, can you maybe talk about kind of the inherent cyclicality of the business that you guys have lived through before and how you might manage it? It's interesting to hear some of the comparisons to 2008. Given the lessons learned in 2009 and 2010, how are you thinking about things like pricing and capacity expansion for when we get some inevitable cooling off in demand? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Okay. So seasonality is a little bit of a moving target for us and so the research model business has always and historically been seasonal. So we've got third quarter and fourth quarter pressure. The Biologics business tends to start slow and accelerate during the year. And safety tends to accelerate stronger in the back half of the year, but more pronounced these days than before. So the seasonality is a bit hard to predict and I would say is improving. In other words, the business is remaining stronger except for RMS, which is people are not going to buy animals but they can use during holidays. Having said that, we've had last few years with even RMS isn't strong in the fourth quarter because they're getting ready to do studies and they get back from vacation or they don't take vacation. I fundamentally disagree with the use of the word cyclicality in our business. I just don't think it's cyclical anymore. I don't think it was historically. You've had a fundamental shift in a very structured pharmaceutical industry so they do less work internally and the work is coming outside to folks like us and the money is coming outside to support biotech companies. And then you just have an enormous additional cadre of biotech companies, most of whom are virtual and have no internal capability with science that's working. So whether that's immuno-oncology or gene therapy where there's been directionally 1,000 INDs being filed and monoclonal antibodies continuing in the first RNAi drug getting to market. It's just a different marketplace. So clients are externally focused and spending more money in discovery and they have more tools at their disposal. So we don't worry about the cyclicality. And the last part of your question is an interesting one, and by the way, I think the good news about our business that somebody's probably going to ask, so I'll just say it is that we don't look at a lot of external issues that would keep us up at night. It's all about our own execution and having enough people well trained to do the work and advance it when the work gets to us, not sitting around with nothing to do, but coming online as we need to work slightly ahead of it. And the same thing with space so if we wait until we get an order and hire the people and make the space were ready, we're too late. So I think we've been doing that really well for the last, I don't know six plus years. I think we will continue to do that well. It does certainly obviously look like the demand is accelerating. The scale and scope of our infrastructure and the amount of empty space that we have, for instance, the places like Massachusetts and Reno and MPI to just finish that internally and to add small amounts of space at our other sites is  while it will cause us directionally to spend more capital, we're doing that to grow the business and I think that's exactly we're doing it. And it's embedded  or not embedded in your question is it's sort of concern about going back to 2009 when we have built too much space in the economy blew up. Even if something bizarre and unimaginable as the economy blowing up would have happened, let's say today, except for MPI, we don't have excess space. We don't have people sitting around. And I think the worst thing that could happen to this company I don't think is going to happen. And the worst thing that would happen is our growth rate would slow, our margins would hold and I think pricing would hold. So we dont see a lot of storm clouds, but there is, for sure, there's a balancing test between opening that space and adding people too slowly and doing that too quickly. We have to accommodate the demand, which has increased and we think we'll continue to be strong. I hope that's helpful.
John Kreger: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Erin Wright, your line is open.
Erin Wright: Hi, can you hear me now?
Jim Foster: Yes.
Erin Wright: Sorry about that. So a couple of RMS questions here. I guess, what do you think kind of the supply-demand dynamics look like outside of that IS segment? And do you still anticipate the ability to take price for the foreseeable future? And how is the China business growing in the quarter? And do you see that the longer-term run rate for growth there? Is it running ahead of your expectations? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes, so China is a very high-growth business. I don't want to oversimplify it, but the market is so robust. Competition is so  sort of government infused with kind of a lack of historical scientific prowess that as we build the space and make animals available, we will be able to sell them. I think we have extremely good reputation in China. Really, really good market so we have to accommodate for that. So we opened a new facility in Shanghai at the beginning of this year. We haven't finished that whole facility and we were in the process of doing that. So we had incremental animals available to sell to that market. You recall from last year, Chinese growth rate was a little slower than we would have liked because we were capacity constrained, we're not any longer. So it's growing as quickly as we can build the space. And we don't see any possible slowdown there for  we look at the world in five-year increments in our strategic plan. We certainly think it will continue to grow nicely as long as we accommodate the space. And I would say that parenthetically we have a very strong management team there, so I'm confident in their ability to meet the market demands. If you strip away the IS contract and just figure that IS will continue to grow nicely as another business that we have, the supply quotient is good. It was a little better in the third quarter than we had seen historically in some of our mature markets like the U.S. and Europe. We are getting priced and we'll always get priced. And so you can just  you can plan on that. And as I said earlier, we're quite confident  we also have some mix obviously with very high valued animals like the immunocompromised animals with no immune system. And we're focused very much on getting market share, particularly in the academic sector. So we're not going to get ahead of it. We still have tagged this business as a low single-digit grower for the foreseeable future. We're really thrilled that it grow  sorry, that it grew faster in the third quarter. If you just do the math with the new contract, it's going to grow faster next year. But you have to be thinking about, say, what happens when that anniversaries, what that business fundamentally looked like. So the business where we think we can continue to grow and get price, get mix, hopefully continue to get share. And a lot of its growth depends on how much additional R&D capacity comes out of big pharma because that's not a good thing for us, or conversely, how much more pure discovery basic research is nuanced with the clients. We're obviously seeing an increased focus on basic research and that's helping our business. We are larger than our clients and actually as large as all of our competitors put together. So we will get a disproportionate share of the demand going forward and we do have a bunch of new IT tools and capabilities in this business and we feel really strongly about our ability to deliver a better product and service than our competition.
Erin Wright: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jim Foster: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Jim, I appreciate that the business is not as cyclical as it historically was. I agree with you on that. But you clearly were tied to the biotech capital markets and the funding cycle in biotech. And I'm just  clearly, with the VC gains going up and down, you've benefited from gains over the last couple of years because the markets have been strong. I'm just curious about the downturn  the loss in Q4 and so how should we think about how well you're hedged in case of a biotech downturn in the capital markets and sort of if that comes out of favor. And also I know you're going to exclude gains and sort of commentary on this from your guidance next year. Could you just clarify exactly what that means and how you're going to talk about that?
Jim Foster: Yes, so I'll let David do that in a second. I just want to make sure maybe less for you and more other people who are listening to that question that we bifurcated. So infusion of capital from the capital markets to biotech is really strong. It continues to be strong and it's three to four years of capital there, and we have a plethora of new clients. And I think things are very robust there. So we dont see any rationale that, that's going to slow down for the long-term foreseeable future. And as long as a science is good, I do think that the capital markets and the pharmaceutical companies will invest in them. And obviously, that's part of our growth rate, the investment in biotech and the fact that biotech is driving our growth significantly. That's different than returns we get from the VC funds in which we invest on, David will talk about that.
David Smith: Yes, so a couple of things on VC. So just to talk about what's taking place in Q3, Q4 and then we'll turn to your specific question around guidance. So in the an instant gain in Q3, we had one fund, which had a clinical trials issue, and therefore, the known loss, which is unlikely to recover in the short-term. And then when we did our mark-to-market calculation, which we gave at the end of last week, when you put the two events together, that's brought to me about a $0.10 loss for Q4. Now clearly, the markets could change, that could get up or down. But in broad ways of looking at this, the $0.08 gain in Q3 is somewhat offset by the changes in Q4. So in a way, they neutralize each other out. And that's the way we're kind of looking at the business. We're looking at our core performance we've been calling out. Even in this quarterly results, we've been calling out what our underlying performance has been if you exclude the VC. Going forward, and we've been talking about this since February, for next year, we will take the VCs out of our guidance, but our current intent is to report the loss' actual numbers. But again, we would make sure that when we're talking to our numbers, we would talk about what our core business performance looks like, i.e., we would rip out the VC gains and losses from our results, so that we could compare that to the guidance that we're giving.
Derik de Bruin: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Great, thanks for the question. You guys covered a lot of the other topics in DSA and RMS, so maybe I'll just ask one in Manufacturing Support. Looks like the margins there were slightly down from where we were last quarter. It sounds like the expansion related to Biologics, the Biologics business probably largely responsible for that. I'm just curious, was there anything incremental relative to what you guys had expected or planned for around the Biologics expansion? And then as we think about 4Q and beyond, can you maybe just help us bridge from where the margins are today to where they are expected to get back in that mid-30s range? Thanks.
Jim Foster: The microbial business, which is the biggest part of that segment, continues to be very strong and I suspect that, that will continue. The big facility that we're moving into in Pennsylvania is a complex move. It requires the hiring of people and a fair amount of cost in setup and validation of assays that we're moving there and we need to do it in a very measured fashion. So I'm not going to comment on 2019 except to say that it's going to be a bit of headwind. Whether how profound that is or not, we'll talk to you about that in February. And I would say that there's nothing incremental to what we saw. It's getting to be a good-sized business with low single  low double-digit demand, very frothy market and it simply requires investment in capacity, one big one and a few small additions in space and people to stay up with the competition who is quite good in this business and to stay up with the market demand. So we feel really good about where we're making those investments and a modest bit of headwind going forward. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Hi, good morning and congrats on a great quarter. So just a question on the workforce. Obviously, you've had some incremental costs associated with the increase in wages. Demand is very strong across the industry. When we think about what are the limiting factors, is labor one of them? And where are you hiring people from?
Jim Foster: Yes, so I just said a minute ago, we're looking internally. That's  our opportunities and challenges, the good news is they're very much internally based and so it's incumbent upon us to stay ahead of the demand for people and capacity. Capacity is a bit easier. If you have to plan for it, you just have to the cash, which we do, and you have to allocate it. People is more complicated because even entry-level staff here takes often several months to be trained. So you have to find them, you have to keep training them and you have to keep them. And of course, Ricky, as you know, we are recruiting in multiple geographies. And some of them are remote areas where there's less competition for the people, but there's less people. And then if you look in Boston, in Cambridge, there's a lot of people available, but there's a lot of competition, obviously, with biotech and big pharma. So the improvements that we made in our wages was principally directed towards entry-level employees where we were not doing as well as we would have liked or having some challenges there. And simply as a result of improving this in July, we're doing much better. And we're hiring a lot of people and I think doing a very good job  we're hiring more of them together and training them together so they go into the workforce together. And we have a little bit of compression with existing employees, which we had to moderate as well. So it is a rate-limiting factor. It's one that we focus on dramatically. I would say that we are all spending lots of our time on that. It's a great place to be and it's actually a bit easier to get senior scientists than actually was  than entry-level people. So I think that we've improved that and we're getting a lot of senior scientists from big pharma and biotech because I think we've just become a very congenial and scientifically rigorous and interesting to work, particularly given that we worked in 80% of the drugs that were approved last year. So that's more straightforward, I would say. And we've made a lot of progress this year, not just since July but over the year. So I feel very good going into next year and we will continue to check in because every geographic locale is different and we need to make sure that we are at least competitive, if not slightly ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then one follow-up on the contract that you're seeing. Could you give us already some color on what's the average size of the contracts that you're winning today and that you have in your pipe versus contracts  what contracts were a year ago? So kind of like size and scope in the term just to give us a little bit of sense of how we should think about the pipeline and the opportunity?
Jim Foster: It hasn't changed much. You've got very short-term studies in tox that are a couple of weeks or 30 days and you have long-term carcinogenicity studies that are a year or two. So I would say that the overall mix hasn't fundamentally changed and is unlikely to because we're so heavily regulated. Most of the discovery work is shorter except for target identification, which can take years. The biologics work comes in really quickly and goes out really quickly. So we haven't had any massive shift in the time frame associated with that. I think the demand pretty much across-the-board has intensified, certainly intensified for the third quarter. As we said, bookings and backlog were quite strong in the third quarter, which should bode well for the fourth quarter. So no fundamental changes in the sort of structural nature of our work.
Ricky Goldwasser: Thank you.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. I was hoping you could just elaborate a little bit more on where you're going to be investing in the fourth quarter. There's a big step-up embedded to get to the $120 million of CapEx in guidance. So just a little bit more color on where some of those funds are going would be great.
Jim Foster: Yes. We're in a good place these days and that such a large proportion of our capital is going for growth. So meaningful investments in, I'd say, safety first, some investments in our Research Models business, definitely some investments in our Discovery business. And as we called out, significant investments in Biologics. So  and to a lesser extent, in fourth quarter, but we're always investing in our Microbial business. So the good news is, if we also step back and look at the company right now, very high growth rate in the third quarter, growth rate in every one of our business segments at or above our long-term targets, which necessitates additional capital investment and additional space. Yes, so we're working hard to make sure that we go into next year with sufficient capacity to accommodate the demand.
David Smith: And when we were in New York on our Investor Day, we gave some signals for CapEx for 2019. We said it'd be sort of mid to high single-digits as a percentage of revenue. So what you're seeing in Q4 is a little bit of that stepping up to service that growth in demand that Jim has just mentioned as we scale into 2019.
Jack Meehan: Great. And David, one follow-up. I know you said you're getting, on the tax rate, a little more clarity with tax reform and you're gliding a little lower than you previously expected. Do you think this is a good run rate as we think about a leaping off point in 2019?
David Smith: Yes, and again, in New York, we also shared a little bit of insight into the tax rate for the feature, which we said our normalized tax rate should be about the mid-20s. So what you're seeing for Q4 is we're heading up to that sort of mid-20 range. The reason that you're seeing a stepping up in Q4 over the previous quarters is really to do with the way the stock compensation benefit's gait throughout the year. We get more of a benefit at the beginning of the year than we do in the end of the year. So yes, you're seeing in Q4 a sort of an entry point into where the sort of normalized level should be for Charles River, which is mid-20s.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hill with RBC. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. And thanks for squeezing me in. Jim, we saw the news out of Novartis this week that they were cutting a lot of their preclinical pipeline. And I guess, maybe just walk through how we should think about that as it relates to either Charles River exposure or there's been a lot of talk on the call about where are we in the cycle. And I guess just how should we think about the risk if a lot of bigger pharma companies and bigger biotech companies started taking a closer look at the early stage work and doing a lot of pruning around things that might have a lot of future economic value?
Jim Foster: No, we are aware of your comments about Novartis so it's hard for me to comment on that specifically. I don't know, I guess have two answers to that. One is remember that we get paid to tell the clients whether the drug looks promising or not or whether it should continue to the development pipeline. So we're often helping make those determinations. So that's something that we've always liked about our business model. And I would say that every drug company obviously has different strengths in different therapeutic area of focuses and different quality of pipeline. I think everybody has been very evaluative about the strength of their pipelines over time. But having said that, the flip side is there are so much more scientifically rigorous and beneficial avenues to go down like gene and cell therapy that I would be surprised if the pipelines don't stay where they are or expand. And also so much of work is being done sometimes literally by biotech for pharma. But if not literally, instead of pharma, which eventually they'll have the deal with these companies or buy them so, so much of the R&D effort in the pipeline is nuanced towards biotech. And as you know, we have more of our revenue with biotech than pharma. So not feeling that, hearing that or are seeing that with our clients or our overall demand.
George Hill: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Thank you. Dan Brennan. So Jim and David, just a few questions. First, I was hoping, Jim, you could discuss cap allocation and M&A. Just give us a little flavor for what the market looks like from an M&A perspective. Any color on types of deals, adjacencies, things like that, sizing would be interesting. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Its about time somebody asked that question. Thanks for that. I would say that  so I just want to reiterate the fact that we have  we planned a $50 billion market that's growing at 5% to 6% a year. So we feel that market is more than sufficient to provide a very long runway for us to do M&A in that space. So you shouldn't expect us to take any dramatic detours or they get into adjacencies and that's sounds good, but it's really risky if it's an area that you don't understand. So in the businesses in which we are currently in with some modest modification while Distributed Bio, which we talked about, isn't an M&A deal, it's a really powerful adjacency providing capabilities to do better large molecule discovery target identification, which our clients have really been wanting. So we're going to fill in, in areas like that. We're going to fill in, in our current space. So we actually have M&A opportunities in every segment of our business right now. It doesn't mean any of them happen, as you know. We have conversations going on with multiple potential sellers, businesses that absolutely will be for sale. Not necessarily to us but many of them are private equity owned, a few of them are privately owned. We feel that we are well financed, that our leverage is way below 3x. Our promise to ourselves, to our board and to our shareholder base was twofold, one that we would take the time to properly digest NPI. And while we don't think digestion is full  fully accomplished at, that acquisition and integration is going extremely well. I was just there this week  last week and it's really going well from a client point of view and an employee point of view and a cost synergy point of view and an operating margin point of view. So going extremely well but we sort of feel like we have the financial capability, operational strength, integration capability and a significant number of targets specifically in our current space that it will make us not just a bigger company, but a better solution for our clients. So we obviously never put M&A in our guidance or even into our strategic plan because you can't be assured that you'll get it done, but we know the deals that we would like to do with some level of specificity and we will be working on them. It's always the best use of our capital. We'll continue to pay down our debt. We've suspended buying back stock where we have no other  more thoughtful way to spend our capital and to grow the business, which we talked about strategically growing a business. I don't know how else to do that besides M&A and some organic investment. We talked about our San Francisco expansion and our Agilux deal and we hope to do more of that. So stay tuned, but we are doing it methodically and professionally. We won't chase any deals, but the universe of possibilities is pretty robust.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then I wanted to just ask a question on your tox business. I mean, throughout the prepared remarks, you seem to indicate that you're gaining share across-the-board. So maybe can you just remind us what your share is of that market today and kind of how much of your growth is coming from the overall end market growth versus share gains? And are you seeing any change in your share gains over the last couple of quarters?
Jim Foster: Hard to nuance how much is pure market growth except to say that it's probably slightly more of that than share gain, maybe significantly more. You just have so many new companies, right. So they didn't exist nor did their work exist last year or two years ago when they had the need for buying our discovery or toxicology services. So there's a lot of them. Our relationships with venture capital firms, whether we're a limited partner or not, have been very helpful in us securing a lot of that business. So I think we're getting share. We're not necessarily taking it from a competitor, it's work that's currently available. I think we are consistently taking share from our competition when we have a head-to-head opportunity to win business that we didn't or where we're trying to protect business that we do have, I think that's going quite well. We're going to see a lot more work come outside of big pharma. We have several conversations going on now to re-up in our launch deals, but also companies that are saying to us we are considering closing our space, we just want to make sure you have enough capacity to accommodate us. There are a fair number of conversations about that. So the demand is as good as we have probably ever seen it, but certainly as good as we've seen it in the last decade. And since we're the largest player and has such a broad geographic footprint, we have an opportunity not to look at everything, but to look at the vast majority of work that either is new or there's an RFP out to go after it. So I don't see any reason why that should not continue.
Dan Brennan: And I'm going to sneak one final one. Just back to margins, David. So is it possible to at least just quantify what the drags are that we know of today for 2019? And maybe chain NIAID and also the wage increase like is that - I mean, are we starting 2019 with a 20 to 30 basis point drag and then we'll obviously get the official guidance on 2019. And then related to that, the hourly wage increase that you've done, is there any more to do with other parts of the company that need to get wage increase or is there anything in 2019 that could reoccur there? Thank you very much.
David Smith: The only other item over what you just called out was, as Jim mentioned, still a bit of a drag in Biologics as we go through, setting up the double running of that Pennsylvania site. But other than that, you've called out the main drags that we've already shared in The Street either in the Investor Day or today.
Dan Brennan: Okay, thank you.
Todd Spencer: Great. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Todd Spencer - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Juan E. Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jack Rogoff - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Justin Bowers - Bloomberg Intelligence
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Todd Spencer, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the second quarter of 2018. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 1-800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 451293. The replay will be available through August 22. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of the various important factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 13, 2018, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. We're very pleased with the company's performance and the continued execution of our growth strategy. We believe our growth is indicative of an extremely healthy market environment and our position as the premier early-stage CRO with the unique ability to support our clients from target discovery through nonclinical development. Biotech funding from the capital markets is on track to reach the second highest level on record. We believe that our clients, both large and small, are intensifying investments in their pipelines, which is creating new business opportunities for Charles River. The time is now to capitalize on these opportunities and we believe that it is incumbent upon us to continue to invest in our portfolio, our people and our infrastructure to enhance the value that we provide to our clients and to our shareholders. The investments that we have already made to support robust client demand are generating the intended benefits, resulting in sequential improvement in the second quarter organic revenue growth rate and operating margin. We are optimistic that the progress we have made, and the favorable market conditions will continue in 2018 and beyond. This is reflected in our expectations for higher revenue growth, earnings per share, and free cash flow this year. Let me begin by giving you the highlights of our second quarter performance. We reported revenue of $585.3 million, a 24.8% increase over last year. Foreign exchange benefited revenue growth by 2.6%, and the acquisitions of MPI Research, Brains On-Line and KWS BioTest contributed 15.1%. The organic revenue growth rate of 7.1% improved from the first quarter level, reflecting sequential improvement in both Manufacturing and RMS segments. The DSA segment continued to perform quite well, reporting high single-digit organic growth. Revenue growth was broad across our spectrum of clients, with both biotech and global biopharma clients contributing substantially to the increase as well as academic institutions. As anticipated, the operating margin increased by 190 basis points sequentially to 18.7%. The sequential improvement was primarily driven by the DSA and Manufacturing segments. On a year-over-year basis, the operating margin declined by 130 basis points as we continue to add personnel and capacity to accommodate increasing client demand. The study mix in the Safety Assessment business, while favorable to the first quarter, also continued to be a headwind when compared to the prior year. Earnings per share were $1.62 in the second quarter, an increase of 26% from $1.29 in the second quarter of last year. The significant increase was due to a combination of venture capital investment gains, the contribution from the MPI acquisition, and a lower tax rate. Venture capital investment gains were $0.17 per share in the second quarter of 2018, compared to $0.03 last year, and were the primary driver of the EPS outperformance versus our prior outlook. Based on our second quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we believe that the pace of demand will accelerate in 2018. As a result, we are increasing our revenue growth guidance to 7% to 8% on an organic basis, 130 basis point improvement from our prior outlook, and to 19% to 21% on a reported basis. We are also increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.08 at the midpoint to $5.85 to $6, primarily reflecting better than expected gains from venture capital investments. We are pleased to be in a position to achieve low double-digit earnings growth this year while continuing to invest in our people, our infrastructure and technology in order to accommodate increasing client demand. I'd like to provide you with details on second quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment. DSA segment revenues were $346.4 million in the second quarter, a 7.3% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of 2017. Acquisitions contributed 28.1% to DSA reported revenue growth, while MPI exceeding our expectations in the first quarter as part of the Charles River family. We continue to benefit from strong client demand for our Discovery and Safety Assessment services, which we believe is a testament to the strength of the market environment and our premier, early-stage portfolio that enables clients to work with one CRO from target identification through IND filing. We believe these factors will lead to high single-digit organic revenue growth for the DSA segment in 2018. The performance of the Discovery business strengthened in the second quarter, and we remain very optimistic about its prospects this year. The Early Discovery business recently delivered its 79th development candidate to a client, enhancing our reputation for scientific expertise in the discovery of new molecules. We believe this is driving demand for our services, especially with biotech clients. As a result of our track record and our ongoing efforts to create a more cohesive discovery offering, client interest was exceptionally strong across our service areas, particularly for integrated drug discovery programs. Because many of our biotech clients are virtual or have limited internal capabilities, they rely on our early stage scientific expertise, often beginning with the target identification capabilities of our Early Discovery business and encompassing multiple DSA sites and services as the programs advance. As I mentioned last quarter, more than half of the integrated programs span multiple Discovery sites, and many are progressing into our Safety Assessment business. We are successfully demonstrating to clients that working with us through a broader portion of the early-stage drug research process enhances the value we provide them, both from a scientific and a cost-effectiveness perspective. Our In Vivo Discovery business continued to perform very well, particularly in both oncology and bioanalytical services. Our clients' ability to work with a single-source partner to support the discovery of their novel cancer therapeutics, coupled with the significant investment in this area of drug research, is driving demand for our oncology capabilities. Demand for our comprehensive suite of large and small molecule bioanalytical services, which was strengthened by our 2016 acquisition of Agilux, also continues to increase. Bioanalysis is an emerging area of outsourcing driven by the complexity of the science and increasing costs, and we believe that we are well-positioned to accommodate our clients' nonclinical testing needs. The Safety Assessment business reported another good quarter with MPI performing very well. The acquisition, which was completed early in the second quarter, has achieved the goals set forth in the first 120 days of the integration process and is on track to deliver $13 million to $16 million of operational synergies by the end of 2019. Capacity utilization at our legacy sites remained at near-optimal levels and utilization at MPI increased due to the benefits from joining a synergistic parent with access to a broader biopharmaceutical client base. There is available capacity at MPI, which was one of the tenets of the acquisition, and we intend to continue to bring small tranches of capacity online across our global Safety Assessment network to accommodate robust client demand. By focusing on expanding our global scale through acquisitions like MPI and WIL, enhancing our scientific expertise, improving our operating efficiency, and creating a more seamless and flexible client experience, we are positioned exceptionally well to provide support which our clients require to expedite their drug research efforts. Our extensive capabilities are especially important now when global biopharma companies are increasing their reliance on CROs, and small and midsize companies, which have always relied on external resources, are benefiting from a robust funding environment. Our outlook for the Safety Assessment business is predicated on these trends, as well as robust booking and backlog activity during the second quarter. These trends give us confidence that Safety Assessment revenue growth will accelerate in the second half of the year. The DSA operating margin declined 200 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter to 21.5%, but on a sequential basis, rebounded by 290 basis points as we previously anticipated. The primary factor driving the year-over-year margin decline was the unfavorable study mix as well as a 60 basis point headwind from foreign exchange. As we discussed in May, a mix of long-term and short-term studies fluctuates from quarter to quarter and continued to be weighted towards long-term projects in the second quarter. The study mix improved sequentially as many of the long-term studies progressed beyond the initial start-up phase. This was reflected in the 290 basis points sequential improvement in the DSA operating margin. Study mix is largely a timing issue, reinforcing that our business is not linear. We expect the DSA operating margin to improve further in the second half of the year as the mix returns to more optimal levels. For the RMS segment, revenue was $130.4 million, an increase of 2% on an organic basis over the second quarter of 2017. The RMS growth rate improved for a second consecutive quarter, driven by China and the Research Models, Services businesses. For Research Models, China delivered another outstanding performance. Growth accelerated as the new Shanghai facility continued to ramp up to full capacity, and we won new business in China because of our expanded footprint and high-quality models. With year-to-date revenue of slightly less than 10% of our total RMS revenue, China is becoming a larger contributor to the RMS segment's growth rate. Broad-based demand across the GEMS, RADS, and Insourcing Solutions services businesses also contributed to RMS revenue growth in the quarter. We believe that clients are choosing to use our capabilities, or in the case of Insourcing Solutions, our people, in lieu of their own to enhance their operational efficiency and leverage our scientific expertise. Our clients' use of innovative technologies like CRISPR to create genetically-modified models faster and more cost-effectively, also continue to drive increased demand for our GEMS business. Insourcing Solutions, or IS, continues to win new business as clients adopt flexible solutions for their vivarium management and research needs. We have been awarded new contracts from academic and government institutions, which have historically been IS's primary client base, and are attracting new biopharmaceutical clients because of the flexible models under which they can opt to work with us. The RMS operating margin of 26.8% declined by 60 basis points from the second quarter of last year, primarily driven by the Services business and MPI intercompany sales. Approximately half of the decline was attributable to sales to MPI that are now intercompany transactions with the revenue and profitability recognized in the DSA segment. As we have mentioned in the past, the DSA segment is the largest client of our Research Models business by a wide margin. Models used by the DSA segment represented more than 5% of our total global Research Model volume to date, which was more than twice the volume of our largest RMS client. This underscores the importance of our Research Model business. Not only are research models essential, regulatory required, scientific tools, but the RMS business is a vital component of our portfolio that enables us to perform high-quality, early-stage research for our clients. Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $108.5 million, a 13.1% increase on an organic basis over the second quarter of last year. As anticipated, demand in both Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses rebounded in the second quarter with each business reporting organic growth above the 10% level. The Avian business also had another good quarter. Microbial Solutions reported a robust second quarter, driven by sales of Endosafe cartridges, core reagents, and Accugenix microbial identification services. We also sold significantly more Endosafe PTS and MCS instruments compared to the second quarter of 2017, which in turn will drive greater demand for cartridges. As the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality-control testing of both sterile and non-sterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products, we are in a unique position to support our clients' rapid testing needs. We continue to invest in technology and product enhancements for the Microbial Solutions business to enhance the functionality of our rapid testing platform and drive greater client adoption of our products and services. The performance of the Biologics business improved significantly in the second quarter, with organic revenue growth above the 10% level on a year-over-year basis. As we discussed in May, sample volumes were seasonably softer in the first quarter after the holiday period, but improved in the second quarter as expected. The number of biologic and biosimilar drugs in development has been growing at double-digit rates, which continues to drive the demand for our services and the need for new capacity. We continue to make progress with our plans to open a new facility in Pennsylvania, as well as other small expansions globally. Once the new Pennsylvania site opens, we intend to transition certain laboratory operations to the new site at a measured pace, a process which is expected to continue through most of 2019. There will be modest pressure on the Manufacturing segment's operating margin through the transition process, but we believe capacity expansion is critical to accommodate client demand, which is expected to be robust for the foreseeable future. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin improved sequentially in the second quarter as expected, by 170 basis points to 33.6%. This increase was driven by volume leverage after a slower start to the year in both the Biologics and Microbial Solutions businesses. On a year-over-year basis, the operating margin declined by 60 basis points, primarily the result of higher costs associated with ongoing capacity expansions in the Biologics business. We believe this is an unprecedented time in our markets and for our company. The R&D model for the biopharmaceutical industry is evolving. Large biopharma companies are increasingly choosing to externalize research to improve their pipeline productivity, efficiency, and speed to market. They're doing so by sourcing molecules from and partnering with biotechs and academia to drive innovation and increasing their reliance on outsourcing, which is driving increased demand for our early-stage services. The biotech industry is much larger and better funded today due to broad-based investment in the sector from large pharma partners, capital markets and venture capital firms. With ample cash on hand and limited or no internal infrastructure, biotech companies are heavily investing in their pipeline and outsourcing this drug research to early-stage CRO partners like us. Through the end of this year, our revenue will have nearly doubled since 2013, including acquisitions, and our employee base has increased by approximately 75% over the last five years. During this time, we have made disciplined investments to add modest amounts of capacity and hire talented personnel to meet the needs of our clients and accommodate increasing demand. We expect these investments to continue as we anticipate doubling the size of the company again in the next five years. As we continue to grow, we must ensure that our business can be flexibly scaled to respond to the rapidly evolving market environment, and that we enhance the speed and responsiveness of our interactions, both internally and with clients. To facilitate this, we adopted a new operating model to create a more agile organization that accelerates the decision-making process by empowering our business unit leaders and giving them the tools and resources they need to respond to business opportunities and challenges with minimal constraint. We have more closely aligned critical support functions with the operations they support and are encouraging closer working relationships within and across our businesses. This is intended to build a more client-centric organization with fewer layers and driving the decision-making to the point of impact. During the implementation of this new operating model, it became clear that in order to further streamline the decision-making process and the organizational structure, we needed to eliminate the role of Chief Operating Officer, and Davide Molho, President and COO, has left the company to pursue other interests. I'd like to thank Davide for his significant contributions to Charles River's growth and success during his time with the company and wish him the best in the next stage of his career. I'm confident that a more streamlined organization will empower our businesses and make us a more nimble and responsive company, further distinguishing ourselves from the competition. We must also continue to invest in a number of areas to support the anticipated growth including our portfolio through internal initiatives and strategic acquisitions, our scientific expertise, our technology platforms, and our people. Technology will continue to be a critical differentiator to support faster and more seamless interactions with our clients. We are focusing on projects to enhance our client-facing platforms to facilitate the ease with which clients can work across our businesses and gain access to real-time data as well as projects to strengthen cybersecurity. We expect to continue to invest meaningfully in information technology to further enhance our digital platform. To support the robust demand for our products and services, we are also hiring significantly across multiple geographies. In a competitive job market, we continue to closely monitor the markets in which we operate and are focused on maintaining our position as an employer of choice. In order to maintain a competitive compensation structure, we implemented a program to increase the hourly wages of employees in certain businesses, predominantly in North America, the UK, and China. The majority of these wage adjustments were effective as of July 1. This program will reduce earnings per share by nearly $0.10 in the second half of the year, which has been factored into our current guidance. We believe this adjustment to our compensation structure will enable us to maintain our employee recruiting and retention standards within targeted levels, including voluntary turnover at our current level of less than 10%. We also believe that this is simply the right thing to do for our employees, who provide dedicated service to Charles River and our clients. It's also imperative for us to continue to enhance the client experience. The fact that we worked on 80% of the FDA-approved drugs in 2017 is testament to the fact that our clients view Charles River as the go-to, early-stage CRO, a position we do not take for granted. To maintain and enhance this position, we intend to provide our clients with the fastest speed and responsiveness in our working relationships; to build the best-in-class digital enterprise that will provide a more seamless interface; to drive efficiencies that will reduce costs for us and our clients; and to continue to invest in strategic acquisitions to expand our unique portfolio. The pipeline of acquisition candidates across our portfolio remains robust. And M&A is our preferred use of capital. Our goal will be to balance investing in the future organization, with achievement of our long-term target of a consolidated operating margin of 20% or better, while driving higher revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their support. Now, David will give you additional details on our second quarter results and updated 2018 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim; and good morning. Now, before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges; costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives; the divestiture of CDMO business in 2017; and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, and the impact of foreign currency translation. We are pleased with our results for the second quarter, which included strong revenue, earnings per share, and free cash flow growth. Second quarter earnings per share were $1.62, an increase of 25.6% year-over-year and outperforming our expectations. Along with the strong revenue growth and higher operating income due in part to the contributions from the MPI acquisition, earnings per share were aided by venture capital investment gains of $0.17 per share compared to $0.03 in the second quarter of last year, and a lower tax rate due primarily to modest benefit from U.S. tax reform. The outperformance to our prior outlook was driven primarily by the venture capital investment gains. Our initial guidance for 2018 included an estimate of venture capital investment gains of $0.14. VC investment gains for the second quarter were $0.17 and total $0.26 year-to-date. The year-to-date gain was substantially higher than our initial full-year estimate. And because we do not forecast the performance of these funds beyond our annual expected return, we have not included any gains in the second half of the year. As a reminder, given the inherent difficulty of forecasting VC gains or potential losses, we intend to eliminate the VC investment performance from our guidance beginning in 2019. Unallocated corporate costs were $36.6 million or 6.2% of revenue, which is below last year's level of 6.6% and our full-year guidance. At 6.8% year-to-date, we continue to expect non-GAAP unallocated corporate costs to be slightly below 7% of total revenue in 2018. We continue to invest in a more scalable infrastructure, but intend to manage the future investments to support our growing business while keeping corporate costs within a targeted range of 7% or lower. Net interest expense was $16.7 million in the second quarter, an increase of $9.5 million year-over-year, and $9 million sequentially, primarily reflecting increased debt levels to fund the MPI acquisition and higher borrowing costs associated with the issuance of $500 million of fixed rate senior notes in April. For the year, we now expect net interest expense of $57 million to $60 million, an increase of $1.5 million from our prior outlook due to the potential for additional interest rate increases by the federal reserve this year. Our second quarter tax rate was 23.6%, a 580 basis points decline from the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year decrease was largely the result of the benefit from U.S. tax reform and the tax impact of operational efficiency initiatives. For the full year, we continue to expect our tax rate to be in a range of 23.5% to 25% on a non-GAAP basis, which assumes a tax rate in the mid-20% range for the remaining quarters of 2018. Turning to cash flow, the second quarter was very strong. Free cash flow increased to $102.7 million, an increase of 14% from $90.1 million last year. The primary reason for the increase was our focus on working capital management. For the year, we have increased our free cash flow outlook by $20 million to a range of $260 million to $270 million, reflecting the second quarter improvement in working capital and our expectations for the remainder of the year. CapEx increased by $5.2 million year-over-year to $21.2 million in the second quarter. We remain on track to meet our full-year outlook of $120 million. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital allocation, followed by debt repayment. At the end of the quarter, we had an outstanding debt balance of $1.82 billion. On a pro forma basis, our gross leverage ratio was 3.05 times, and our net leverage ratio was 2.7 times. Absent any acquisitions, our goal will be to reduce the gross leverage ratio below 3 times by the end of the year, which would result in a 25 basis point reduction on the interest rate for the variable rate debt under our credit agreement. We continuously evaluate our capital priorities and intend to deploy capital to the areas that we believe will generate the greatest returns. Year-to-date, we have not repurchased any shares and do not intend to in 2018 at this time. In the absence of repurchases, we expect to exit 2018 with a year-end diluted share count of approximately 49.5 million shares. And the share dilution is expected to reduce earnings per share by slightly more than $0.05 compared to 2017. With respect to 2018 guidance, we increased our revenue growth outlook to a range of 19% to 21% on a reported basis and to 7% to 8% on an organic basis, reflecting strong demand trends and a slightly higher contribution from acquisitions, primarily MPI. Foreign exchange is expected to be less favorable as a result of the weakening of the U.S. dollar. We now expect an approximate 2% benefit from FX for the year compared to our prior outlook of a 3% benefit. This will create a slight headwind to full-year earnings per share versus our prior outlook. We are seeing strong trends across most of our businesses and are slightly raising our expectations for segment revenue growth. We now expect organic revenue growth in the high-single digits for the DSA segment, low-double digits for the Manufacturing segment, and low-single digits for the RMS segment. We are also increasing our earnings guidance by $0.08 for the full year, with non-GAAP earnings per share expected to be in the range of $5.85 to $6. The increase is primarily driven by the better than expected venture capital investment gain. The favorable earnings outlook also reflects our plans to make the necessary investments in our business to accommodate current demand and to position the company for future growth. As Jim mentioned, the adjustments to our compensation structure to support our employee recruiting and retention efforts and maintain our position as an employer of choice will reduce earnings by nearly $0.10 per share in the second half of 2018. A detailed summary of our financial guidance can be found on slide 14. For the third quarter, we expect the reported revenue growth rate to be similar to the second quarter level, or above 20%. On an organic basis, we expect the third quarter growth rate to improve from the second quarter rate. This expectation is based in part on strong bookings and backlog in the DSA segment, which we believe indicate that demand trends are intensifying in our business. We expect mid-single-digit growth in non-GAAP earnings per share when compared to the third quarter 2017 level of $1.30. As I previously mentioned, we have not included an estimate for venture capital investment performance in our outlook for the third quarter or the remainder of the year, which creates a headwind of approximately $0.07 compared to the third quarter of 2017. In addition, incremental personnel costs related to the adjustment in our compensation structure will pressure the operating margin. In conclusion, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, we are confident about the prospects of the third quarter, and are on track to achieve our full-year financial outlook that includes higher organic revenue growth, non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the low-double digit, and an increase in free cash flow. We continue to take a disciplined approach to the manner in which we are growing the business by evaluating the needs of today and investing to accommodate the anticipated growth of tomorrow to enhance our position as the premier early-stage CRO. Thank you.
Todd Spencer - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Jim, I want to start with maybe the drivers of greater than expected MPI strength. Can you talk about how much of this was legacy impact, pipeline versus your legacy Charles River clients adding work? And then, if I could ask one follow-up. On the study mix issues, how long do you expect this to persist and weigh on margins? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: The study mix is difficult to predict but follows a typical pattern. So, you want a mix of long and short-term studies. And you don't typically have long-term studies unless you have the short ones. So, you sort of have the life cycle issue. You have higher start-up costs for the long-term studies, which we talked about a lot on the last quarter call. We're working through those. We're in a more standard phase of the long-term studies, where the margins are actually comparable to some of the short-term works. So, given the backlog and bookings and mix shift, which we saw from quarter one to quarter two, and we are guiding you for second half of the year, we anticipate strong half of the year, both top line and bottom line in DSA, and obviously, in the SA part of that as well. Not sure exactly what your MPI comment was.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, just on the strength. How much was legacy MPI pipeline versus Charles River customers adding work?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, it's both. MPI performed extremely strongly, as well or better than we had anticipated. Maintaining clients, delivering the margins, having some of their legacy clients be open and begin to utilize Charles River locations. And the inverse, Charles River clients who have historically not been MPI clients were, of course, where we have space, beginning to utilize that. So, we're extremely pleased with the integration process and the client receptivity from both sides of the house.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from David Windley, Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. Jim, a lot of emphasis on investment in the platform this morning in your comments. I was hoping you could elaborate on, say, what the trigger was for this. Was this a long evaluation in terms of looking at what needed to be done? And maybe a little bit more elaboration on how you're streamlining the senior management structure in light of  I think you just promoted Davide in February of this year. So, just trying to understand how this evaluation has progressed and brought you to this point. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure. So, significant investment in people and space, and meaningful investments in IT, and that's just a function of the scale and size and growth rate of the company. Labor is our principal resource, competitive advantage and always the rate-limiting factor. So, you need people in advance of the work  not too far in advance, that hurts your margins. But you can't sort of hurry up and hire them once you have the work, because it's some months to many months of training. So, given the competitive nature of the markets that we're in, and given our need to hire hundreds and hundreds of people, we made some adjustments to base pay, which we're sure will bear fruit. We're going to continue to invest meaningfully in IT, principally for clients: Enhance client interface; use data better; and of course, the cybersecurity, which keeps everybody with one eye open while they're sleeping. And we want to keep as far ahead of that process as possible. On the organizational structure, we made a significant move in the last couple of months to more decentralize the way we run the business, so that we really have business leaders and GMs who feel as if and have the ability to run their own businesses and make decisions quickly and decisively. And so, we've married some of the staff functions, which we're reporting in corporately with those operating folks, so they have their own teams. And we're already quite confident that we're beginning to pick up the pace of decision-making and have that decision-making closest to where the issues arise. With regard to the COO position and Davide, that's merely a larger commentary and reflection of the organizational efficiency that we're driving for. And while that was a relatively recent move, as you've indicated, it's also  it was a novel move. So, a 70-year-old company that never had a COO. And what we found was that, that layer was not beneficial in terms of the speed with which we're moving, and to some extent, sort of counterproductive to that. So, in that context, we eliminated that role. So, the organization feels more nimble. We have lots of really smart people. And the less top-down decisions are made, and the more, as I said before, closer to the decisions as possible, I think the better off we are.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you. I appreciate the answers.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from John Kreger, William Blair. Please go ahead.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Jim, just to follow on, on Dave's question. Given the big demand opportunities that you talked about, has your thinking changed at all in terms of what businesses you want to be in? Are you sort of expanding the boundaries of where you see Charles River having a competitive edge? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, I guess you're talking about both organic investment and M&A. And I would say, not. We intend to stay in the non-clinical arena. As we, I think, posted in our first quarter call, we have about a $15 billion market, if you aggregate all of our businesses growing at sort of mid-single digits. So, it's a big market, one where we have leading market shares in virtually everything we do and opportunities to enhance those shares. We are investing meaningfully in organic growth in places where that's the best way to grow, but  well, no buts. Additionally, the M&A pipeline is quite diverse and quite robust. There's a lot of assets out there. As always, we have multiple conversations going on now. I would say that we have increasingly less strategic competitors as we look at some of these and perhaps more financial sponsors looking at them. While sponsors often pay up, they should never have both the top or bottom line synergies that we have. So, we have a vision and a view towards how we will continue to expand and enhance our portfolio, not just to be bigger, but to be more responsive partner for big pharma; and particularly, for biotech, and all the areas that we're in, particularly, Discovery, maybe Safety, definitely China, more large molecule-related services, probably more laboratory-based services. So, I would say that fill in some very subtle areas where we are under scale and expand some areas where we have significant scale but need to be larger. And I continue to feel that our portfolio is the principal competitive advantage we have both in terms of the quality of the science, but also the depth and breadth of the activities that we are very good at, and solving a lot of problems for clients, if you look at most of biotech, who will never build this sort of capacity. I can say that with authority. They just will never do it. It makes no sense for them. And the ability for them to do it on a cost-effective basis quickly outside to get great science is really the role that we are increasingly playing.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks much.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ricky Goldwasser, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. It's Mark Rosenblum on for Ricky. I just had a question on the digital interface that you guys mentioned in your prepared remarks. Could you just give some examples or some context of what kind of services you're building out for clients?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, it's a whole host of things. It's everything from online ordering to really using our data better to design studies  both predict the end points, design studies, and in a perfect world have some linkages with the clinical folks, so that you design clinical studies and pull that all the way back to pre-clinical. Probably most importantly though is availability of data on essentially a real-time basis for our clients that they can access themselves. So, if you think of how our business is evolving literally with thousands of biotech clients, the scalability of that model is very much dependent on some additional people, which we've added. We added a whole group of what we call alliance managers this year to interface with some of the smaller clients and shepherd them across our geographic portfolio. But the real magic there will be for clients to feel that they have control over the day, that they're knowledgeable about it, that they can look at it at their leisure realtime. And if they have a question or a problem, or want to, or need to talk to somebody, they can do that. So, data, as you hear a lot from the clinical folks, is a really important part of this business. Our ability to use data that we have from thousands of studies in a more predictive way, I think, will be powerful if we're successful in that. But certainly, having clients have access to their own data is not optional, it's definitely essential. And we are building that process out as we speak.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And just a follow up, do you have a sense of timeline on how long it will take to build these interfaces?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It's going to be sort of continual. Aspects of it will be beta-tested, then rolled out, and then added to continuously. So, I'd say, over the next couple of years, we will make meaningful moves in these areas. That should enhance the people that we have, and we hope, obviously, distinguish us from the competition.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Derik de Bruin, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan E. Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Juan Avendano on behalf of Derik. Congratulations on the quarter. Would you be willing to break out the organic revenue growth performance and DSA between Discovery and Safety Assessment? And also, what's the breakout embedded in your high-single-digit guidance for DSA in 2018?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, so, we would always love to be responsive to your questions, but we're just not going to do that. It's important that we all look at that segment as one. We want clients to start with us as early as possible. And if their drug continues to look promising, to work with us in the discovery phase, and as we move into the pharmacology phase, and into the GLP tox phase. So, the holistic view by both our shareholders, and our clients, and ourselves is pretty important. And we made some operational changes last quarter with the way we operate this. And we have a senior operating person overseeing both businesses: A senior finance person; senior IT person; HR, etcetera. So, we would like you to gray the demarcation, but suffice it to say, that we're happy with the growth rate in the second quarter. We think that will intensify in the back half of the year, so we will be happier. We're doing a very good job taking share. And we have 20% of folks who use Discovery, also use Safety. And we have about half of the clients in Discovery, who do integrated studies with us, work across multiple sites. So, we're seeing the expansion and the utilization of the portfolio exactly the way we had hoped when we bought all of these businesses.
Juan E. Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And if I may have a follow-up. The study mix improved sequentially, but it was still a headwind to DSA operating margin. Besides the mix of long-term and short-term studies, what are the trends that you're seeing across general toxicology and specialty toxicology studies? Is this also contributing to the unfavorable study mix that you're seeing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: No, I mean, it's mostly mix, very much mix. And it is and will work itself through the year. And as I said earlier, we want a healthy mix of both short and long-term studies, so we do have that and will continue to have that. So, no, nothing more than that.
Juan E. Avendano - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken, Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning guys, and congrats. So, on Manufacturing, maybe just tease out a little bit sort of the sequential improvement in the biologics business. Seems like activity levels were up there, which I'm sure some of it's seasonality. That seems strong. In Endosafe and Avian, it seems like those are still going quite well. I guess, how are you still thinking about those for the rest of the year?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, biologics often has a slow first quarter. We don't know why; just is. Seems the volume tends to be a little bit lighter as it definitely was in the first quarter. And we guided you all to a strengthening in the second quarter, which we both anticipated and achieved. And we anticipate that, that business will, from a volume and demand point of view, have a good year. There's just a plethora of large molecules, and at least the beginnings of biosimilar drugs out there. So, building out a lot of space, hiring a lot of people, highly competitive space. It's definitely our most competitive space, and yet, growth rate is quite robust. And we think this is sustainable for years. Microbial had a really strong quarter, as it usually does, but a really strong quarter across most of the parts and pieces. As we said in the prepared remarks, more instruments sold. And of course, it's all about cartridge sales, so the razorblade sales. And we should continue to see that continue for the balance of the year. And our little Avian business, which had kind of a not wonderful 2017 due to some client issues, totally dislocated from our capabilities and performance  had a nice quarter. That's a okay growth rate business with good operating margins and very large market shares. So, Manufacturing continues to grow at significant double-digit organic growth rates with operating margins in kind of the low to mid-30s range. That is sustainable indefinitely. And we don't see anything on the horizon to impair that. In fact, we do see significant opportunities in all three of those businesses from a demand point of view and a competitive point of view.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: That's helpful, Jim. And maybe just one follow-up, quick one. On the VC gains, obviously, it's tough to predict, and it's now built in terms of what we've seen into the full year basic. I guess, how are you philosophically thinking from a guidance standpoint on how to handle this going forward? Because obviously at some point, we may get some pause in that contribution, although the strategic merits are still there. But it could create some noise in the P&L when the underlying is doing very well. So, I guess, what are the debates you guys have gone through in terms of how to account for that and help the Street maybe on a go-forward basis? Model the underlying versus that maybe more accurately.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: And so, that's one of the reasons why even at the beginning of this year, we started to signal that in 2019, we didn't want to give guidance for the VCs. We have been judging ourselves against the performance of our organic business, the core business, i.e., with the VCs stripped out, because as you've seen, in recent quarters, they can bounce around quite wildly. And I guess, we're trying to signal to yourselves that we'd like you to consider to consider Charles River and its core business and almost put the VCs to one side, which is why we're essentially saying that, because of volatility, it's our intent to remove the guidance  or in our guidance, the VCs from 2019 onwards.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Donald Hooker, KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Good morning. So, with respect to the new capacity in China and the research models area, how much capacity does that give you, looking forward, to sustain that high level of growth you're generating in China? I mean, when is sort of do you look down the road and see another capacity addition?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, it'll be continuous. It's a really big market. On a unit basis, it's certainly as big or bigger. You've got lower price points but lower cost. As we've said before, we have some government competitors who are small and not very sophisticated; and we have some small quasi-independent businesses that compete with us. And none of our sort of standard U.S. or European competitors are over there. So, we have a really wonderful market position. So, we're the principal player in the Beijing market. We've opened this wonderful new facility which, by the way, the part that we opened, we're selling in real strong and are finishing the balance of the building now. That will give us much more capacity. We may need additional spaces in Shanghai market. We're investigating that right now. We, for sure, will need additional capacity west and south. It's a gigantic country and  so, big research centers, and a lot of money being pumped into the Chinese life sciences arena by the government. And so, we look at the world through sort of the lens of five-year strategic plans. We are entirely confident this is a high-growth business, certainly through the five years. I definitely think it's high growth longer than that. And it's not just research models, all of the ancillary services that we have: Genetically engineered model services; our laboratory services. And we hope our insourcing solutions services where we both provide space for clients to work in and manage their space, there's some opportunities there, as well. So, it's early days. As we told you, it's slightly less than 10% of our research models revenue are growing disproportionately fast. So, you'll see that paradigm shift change quickly. Not just that we're biased, but our animals are of definitely of a higher-quality than the competition's, and our science is better. So, if the Chinese folks want to play on the international scene and sell their drugs internationally, I think, they're going to have to use higher-quality animals to do their basic research. So, we're just in a great place. We're spending a lot of time educating that market with seminars, and meetings, and publishing about not just the benefits, but the necessity of using high-quality animals that are of consistently high quality. So, definitely more investment. I think the returns will be fine. It's a necessity. There's maybe some M&A opportunities there, which we'll obviously pursue if we can, if they make sense for us. But we are out and about literally right now looking for additional space, so stay tuned.
Donald H. Hooker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jack Rogoff - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. This is Jack Rogoff on for Bob. Thanks for taking my question. Your 3Q guide seems to imply a steep margin ramp in 4Q. Can you talk about the sequential margin cadence you expect for the back half?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, you're right. There is a steeper climb in the second and the fourth quarter. And that's partly because we're seeing, as we mentioned in terms of the DSA study mix, washing through and returning to normal sort of levels. Also, we've seen seasonality impact, particularly in some of our businesses where there is a stepping up in the final quarter. So, it's a combination of those different factors, which comes to the conclusion that we've reached in the guidance that we've provided to you.
Jack Rogoff - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Meehan, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to go back to the DSA acceleration that you're looking for in the second half. Right now, funding is positive; your customers are flush with cash; utilization is optimal. It feels like the perfect set-up to start using price as a lever, at least, think about the way you prioritize work. Could you just weigh in on that, and what you're seeing in terms of the competitive landscape?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, we're going to weigh in on that in concert with our stated decision not to talk a lot about pricing from a competitive point of view, which is too much of a blueprint for the competition. So, we don't like that. So, suffice it to say that demand is quite good. Capacity utilization is quite strong. And we have the benefit of actually having some space with MPI, if we need it, having known that when we bought it, because we never know for sure what the competition's capacity looks like. They know a little bit better about our capacity, because we have calls like this. But based upon the competitive dynamics right now and the lack of sort of price cutting and lack of aggressive activity, it feels like the competition's pretty full, which is a really good thing, I think, for everybody. So, all I can tell you is that we appropriately try to get price when we can. And sometimes, we can't, because clients are price-protected with longer-term arrangements, or the price escalation is simply pre-negotiated. And, obviously, different types of work have different pricing metrics and different margin paradigms. So, you know that our specialty work, for instance, often has less competition and a higher profit margin. So, all I can tell you is that we're very cognizant of the opportunities that pricing can provide, the necessity of pricing to be able to afford things like improving in wages, and building facilities, and investing in IT, and obviously enhancing operating margin. I do think that for a lot of our clients, pricing is certainly not the first thing they look at. They're interested in our capacity and our capabilities. And so, we do have opportunities, which we pursue almost daily.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for all that color. David, I had one follow-up for you, just around some of the moving parts as we start to think about 2019. I know you're not in a spot to give guidance at this point, but I do think it's important, because there's a few things going on. If we balance  I think you should have about $0.35 of extra WIL accretion, maybe a little  another $0.10 of carry-over from the wages, and then the headwind related to the VC gains this year. Do those things shake out as neutral? Are we thinking about that the right way?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, you're right. I mean, in the information we gave on WIL, so that $0.35 is incremental over the $0.25 that we said this year. And you're right, we get a full-year effect on the wages, so that's a additional $0.10 headwind for next year. The VCs, so we're $0.26 year-to-date, that will be a headwind. Let me complete this story. We've tried to give you some signals in terms of where we are with corporate costs, which is under 7% of revenue, so that's stable. And the tax rate, we think, the second half of the year tax rate is something similar to what we would expect in the future. So that gives a little bit of color to look into 2019.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Looking forward to seeing you guys next week.
Operator: And we have time for one last question, and that comes from the line of Justin Bowers, Bloomberg Intelligence. Please go ahead.
Justin Bowers - Bloomberg Intelligence: Hi. Good morning, and thank you for the question. Can you remind us on what your targeted savings are this year for your efficiency measures, and kind of where you are halfway through the year, and also acknowledging that you're reinvesting a lot of that back into the platform?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: What was the number we've given publicly?
Todd Spencer - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: $65 million.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: $65 million. So, $65 million is the public number. We are on track with that, as you heard from Jim's prepared remarks. WIL is also delivering to the original guidance, as well. So, there's nothing that is being disturbed in terms of our ability to deliver the savings that we're expecting. So, that's on track.
Justin Bowers - Bloomberg Intelligence: Okay. And then, just one quick follow-up, Jim. Can you just comment on kind of the RFP activity and how that's been in the beginning of the third quarter? And then, more broadly, could you just compare kind of the current environment to 2015, where we had another robust funding year, just in terms of biz development and outsourcing prospects?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Demand is very good, very strong, and persistent, and consistent. As you know, we have kind of a disproportionate amount of business with biotech, a principal driver of our growth. We never really quite see spending directly proportional to the inflow of funds. But, we see just strong spending patterns and not a lot of starts and stops and pulling back, and waiting for the next fiscal period to fund work. So, it feels very strong as we said. It feels like the back half of the year will be solid. Obviously, it's too early to even predict about next year, but the external funding paradigm for the biotech folks has been almost as strong as ever right now. And if you combine that with the therapeutic breakthroughs and new treatment modalities, it's an unusually robust time in the history of biotech, so we feel really good about it.
Justin Bowers - Bloomberg Intelligence: All right. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And I'll turn the call back over to Todd Spencer. Please go ahead.
Todd Spencer - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Investor Day in New York next week. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories first quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the first quarter 2018. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. And the access code in either case is 447002. The replay will be available through May 24. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 13, 2018, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. The year began with robust demand for our products and services with organic revenue growth rate improving sequentially in both the DSA and RMS segments. Clients are increasingly choosing to partner with Charles River for our science, for our support, and for the breadth and depth of our portfolio. We are continuing to expand this portfolio to strengthen our ability to holistically support our client's drug discovery, early development and manufacturing efforts, and to enhance our position as the premier early-stage CRO. The acquisition of MPI Research, which was completed on April 3, has enhanced our scale, our capabilities and our value proposition for clients. We will provide further details on MPI shortly, but let me begin by giving you the highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $494 million in the first quarter of 2018, a 10.8% increase over last year. Foreign exchange benefited revenue growth by 4.6% and the acquisition of Brains On-Line and KWS BioTest contributed 1%. Organic revenue growth of 5.6% was in line with the mid-single digit outlook we provided in February. The DSA segment was the most significant driver of growth and the Manufacturing segment also contributed. From a client perspective, biotech clients were the primary contributor to our first quarter revenue growth as they continued to benefit from a robust funding environment. The operating margin was 16.8%, a decrease of 180 basis points year-over-year. The decline was primarily driven by the DSA and Manufacturing segments. We attribute the first quarter operating margin decline largely to timing and believe the margin will improve sequentially in the second quarter. We will provide further details on the operating margin shortly. Earnings per share were $1.38 in the first quarter, an increase of 7% from $1.29 in the first quarter of last year. A lower tax rate and venture capital investment gains drove the year-over-year EPS increase as well as the outperformance versus our initial outlook. Venture capital investment gains were $0.10 cents per share in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $0.05 last year. Based on client demand, we remain enthusiastic about our outlook for 2018. We are reaffirming our organic revenue growth guidance of 5.7% to 6.7% and increasing our reported revenue guidance to 18% to 20%, including MPI, due to a more favorable foreign exchange benefit. We are also increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.10 per share to $5.77 to $5.92, primarily reflecting the lower than expected tax rate as well as an incremental benefit from foreign exchange. David will discuss the details of these items shortly. I'd like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue is $134 million, a growth rate of 20 basis points on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2017. The same factors that contributed to RMS growth in 2017 were also the primary drivers in the first quarter. Growth in the research models business in China and in the research models services businesses, specifically GEMS and Insourcing Solutions. Higher revenue from these businesses was offset by a softer demand for research models in mature markets outside of China, particularly from global biopharma client. The fact that these trends remain consistent from year-to-year is not surprising as RMS results continue to be influenced by the ongoing evolution of the biopharmaceutical industry. As big pharma seeks to drive greater efficiency, these clients are reducing their internal infrastructures and externalizing research by outsourcing to CROs like Charles River and by partnering with biotech companies and academic institutions. The externalization of research is leading to increased demand from the biotech sector, as well as new opportunities to support our clients' broader outsourcing needs. Biotech's cutting edge innovation has helped to propel the complexity of drug research. Biotech researchers are utilizing specialty models including inbred models for genetic modification and immunodeficient models for oncology research and innovative technologies like CRISPR as critical tools to more narrowly target the causes of disease and successfully discover new drug candidates. The intensification of our clients' outsourcing efforts is also the reason that the DSA segment is now the largest client of our research models business, and by a wide margin. As a reminder, sales to MPI are now intercompany transactions and will no longer be reported as revenue in RMS. We also see evidence of the outsourcing trend benefiting the research models services business. GEMS continues to benefit from our clients' use of CRISPR and other technologies to create genetically modified models faster and more cost effectively. Clients come to us because we have the expertise to help them derive and maintain their proprietary model colonies. Insourcing Solutions revenue continues to increase as clients look to adopt flexible solutions for their vivarium management and research needs. We believe that our clients understand the value of utilizing our efficient staffing solutions and if demand continues to increase, we expect the IS business could be a greater contributor to RMS growth over the longer term. Growth accelerated in our research models business in China in the first quarter, as we anticipated. Our new production facility in the Shanghai area, which began shipments in the first quarter, provides additional capacity needed to support the robust demand and also enables us to gain share in the Shanghai market. Our RMS business in China represents less than 10% of total RMS revenue, but it has been growing at double-digit rates since we acquired majority ownership of the business in 2013 and remains one of the company's leading long-term growth opportunities. To support this future growth, we intend to continue to invest in China. Our focus on efficiency initiatives enabled us to generate and an RMS operating margin of 29.8%, only 30 basis points below the 30.1% reported in the first quarter of last year. We are pleased that the RMS operating margin was relatively stable, particularly when compared to the strong RMS performance in the first quarter of last year. We believe that our focus on optimizing our infrastructure will help us improve the operating margin over the long term and maintain it in the high 20% range. We also continue to work on other initiatives to enhance the client experience, including the speed and ease with which they can interact with us. Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $100 million, a 6.3% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of last year. The increase was driven primarily by the Microbial Solutions business and the Avian business also had a good quarter. Microbial Solutions' first quarter growth rate was moderately below our expectation of low double-digit growth, primarily because we shipped additional products in Europe during the fourth quarter, ahead of a transition to a new distribution facility. As part of our ongoing efficiency initiatives, we consolidated our Microbial Solutions distribution operations in Europe. We remain very pleased with the performance of our Microbial Solutions business, which continues to benefit from the strength of our unique portfolio of rapid endotoxin and bioburden testing systems and microbial identification services. Our advantage as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing continues to resonate with our clients. There is an abundance of new opportunities to convert clients to our efficient testing platform and these discussions are taking place daily. The Biologics business reported significantly slower growth in the first quarter. This results primarily from lower sample volume than anticipated, which can occur in the first quarter after the holiday period. The number of biologic and biosimilar drugs in development as well as the efforts we made to position the Biologics business have led to a rapid increase in demand for our services, driving the need for new capacity. In order to support our expectation for continued robust demand, in February, we announced plans to open a new 73,000 square foot facility in Pennsylvania. We intend to transition certain laboratory operations to the new site at a measured pace, starting at the end of this year and continuing through most of 2019. Our expectation that the Biologics growth rate will improve in the second quarter is supported by increased bookings and proposal volumes. We expect Biologics to continue to be a meaningful contributor to our outlook of greater than 10% growth for the Manufacturing segment in 2018. The Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 31.9%, 130 basis point decrease year-over-year. The decline was primarily related to the lower sales volume in Biologics, as well as higher cost associated with capacity expansion in Biologics, and Microbial Solutions' transition to the new distribution site. We expect the Manufacturing operating margin will improve in the second quarter, and meet our long-term target in the mid-30% range for the full year. DSA segment revenue was $260 million in the first quarter, an 8.3% increase on an organic basis over the first quarter of 2017. We were pleased with this performance, which reflected broad-based demand for both Discovery and Safety Assessment Services. The Discovery business reported higher growth in the first quarter and we are optimistic about its prospects for the year. Our in vivo Discovery business performed very well, particularly in oncology services. Oncology is the largest and one of the fastest growing areas in drug research which is the reason we have continued to expand our expertise. In January, we enhanced our position as a premier oncology CRO with the acquisition of KWS BioTest which specializes in immuno-oncology services. The initial stages of the KWS integration have proceeded well and we are making progress to further harmonize our broader oncology portfolio. Our unique ability to serve as a single-source partner to support the discovery of our clients' novel cancer therapies is expected to drive the continued demand for our oncology expertise. Revenue for the Early Discovery business also increased in the first quarter. We are beginning to see the benefits of the actions that we have taken to improve the performance of this business. One benefit of the harmonization of our Discovery portfolio is the expansion of our integrated client relationships. Many of the integrated programs begin with the target identification capabilities of our Early Discovery business and encompass other discovery sites as the program advances. Currently, more than half of all integrated discovery projects span multiple Charles River sites. Furthermore, many programs are progressing into our Safety Assessment business. We believe this is a firm indication that by combining our Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses into a seamless operating unit, we will be able to better leverage the synergies between these businesses and enhance the service we provide to clients. Safety Assessment revenue growth was driven by robust client demand, particularly from biotech clients, and sales to global biopharma clients also increased. Our capacity was well utilized and bookings and proposal activity remained strong in the first quarter, reinforcing our outlook for the year. The study mix had a favorable impact on the revenue growth rate but pressured the DSA operating margin in the first quarter. The mix of long-term and short-term studies fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter, underscoring the fact that our business is not linear. In the first quarter, the study mix was weighted towards long-term projects. With long-term studies, we incur significantly higher startup costs. This is a timing issue which doesn't affect the overall profitability of the individual studies. As we have discussed in the past, study mix can vary based but on our current backlog, we expect the study mix to return to more optimal levels in the coming quarters. There were two primary factors that contributed to the year-over-year 210-basis point decline in the DSA operating margin to 18.6% in the first quarter. Foreign exchange contributed approximately half of the decline, reducing the DSA operating margin by approximately 100 basis points. The other primary factor was study mix. As the long-term studies progress and the study mix normalizes beginning in the second quarter, we expect the DSA operating margin will improve and return to a level above 20%. As we noted when we announced the acquisition of MPI Research in February, MPI expands our position as the partner of choice to support our clients' early-stage research efforts. It strengthens our existing capabilities in general and specialty toxicology, adds capabilities in ototoxicology and abuse liability testing, expands our medical device capabilities and adds needed capacity to accommodate the significant demand from biotech and pharma clients. As we noted when we announced the acquisition, we expect MPI will contribute revenue of $170 million to $190 million and non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.25 in 2018. We completed the acquisition on April 3 and last week marked Day 30 of the post-close integration. Prior to the close, our teams had been working very hard to plan an efficient integration process. Because of their exceptional efforts, I am proud to report that the integration has proceeded very smoothly over the first month. We believe that we have established a sophisticated and disciplined integration process, leveraging dedicated staff and improving upon and learning from prior acquisitions, especially WIL. We fully expect to achieve the goals, both operational and financial, that have been set for the integration, including generation of $13 million to $16 million in operational synergies by the end of 2019. Similar to our experience with WIL, MPI employees appreciate the benefits of being owned by a synergistic parent, especially with regard to collaboration between the scientific staffs. We believe that collaboration will leverage the talents of our larger scientific staff, enabling the combined entity to provide an enhanced level of service to our clients. The client response has also been exceptional. As soon the acquisition was completed, discussions were held with many clients to review our broader capabilities and operational methodologies. We believe that our unique portfolio and extensive scientific expertise resonated with MPI's client base a significant proportion of which are biotechs. In addition we received a number of inquiries from legacy Charles River clients including global biopharmaceutical companies expressing interest in working with the team at MPI. We are encouraging client mobility not just with MPI but across our global Safety Assessment network because this will enhance our ability to accommodate client demand when our capacity is well utilized and study start times are elongating. We are optimistic in the robust business environment that gives us excellent growth potential. Biotech funding remains strong. Funding nearly tripled year-over-year in the first quarter following the second strongest year ever in 2017. It is opportune that the market dynamics are robust at a time when we believe that we have built the premier early-stage contract research organization. We have done so by focusing on portfolio expansion, scientific expertise, operational excellence and responsiveness which has enabled us to become the go-to partner for our clients and to capitalize on the opportunities in the marketplace. We believe that the success of our strategy and value that we provide to clients was demonstrated by the fact that we were ranked as the best positioned pre-clinical CRO to work with in three recent sell-side analyst surveys. In addition to our value proposition, we also believe that our focus on scientific expertise and providing extensive support for our clients are the reason that we worked on 80% of the drugs approved by the FDA last year. We are gratified to be recognized as a trusted scientific partner by our clients and fully intend to continue to enhance our value proposition, both through internal initiative and strategic acquisitions. This year we are focused on the integration of the MPI and the continued execution of our strategy. Our first quarter results position us well to achieve our guidance for the year, including organic revenue growth of 5.7% to 6.7%, and non-GAAP EPS growth of 9% to 12% including the contribution from MPI. We are continuing to make investments in facilities and staff, which will further differentiate Charles River as the CRO partner of choice for early stage drug research, support our future growth and enhance shareholder value. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their support. But before David begins, I'd like to take a moment to recognize and express my deep gratitude and appreciation to Susan Hardy for more than 15 years of distinguished service to Charles River. Susan has led the Investor Relations function since joining the company in 2002. Through her dedication and commitment to excellence, Susan has elevated Charles River's investor communications and has earned an outstanding reputation among her colleagues and in the investment community. As many of you already know, Susan will be retiring on June 1, so please join me in congratulating her on an exceptional career. We wish her the very best in the next chapter of her life. I'm also very pleased to say that Todd Spencer, who most of you know well, will be taking on the role as Head of our Investor Relations. Now David Smith will give you additional details on our first quarter results and updated 2018 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you, Jim and good morning. And I'd also like to echo your comments and sincerely thank Susan for her service to Charles River. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the divestiture of the CDMO business in 2017, and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, and the impact of foreign currency translation. We are pleased with our accomplishment this year, including first quarter organic revenue growth that met our mid-single-digit outlook, earnings per share that exceeded our expectations even after adjusting for higher venture capital investment gains and a lower than expected tax rate, the enhancement of our capital structure through the $500 million senior notes issuance and refinancing of our credit facilities, and the completion of the MPI acquisition on April 3. First quarter earnings per share of $1.38 outperformed our expectations. Earnings per share were driven by venture capital investment gain of $0.10 per share compared to $0.05 in the first quarter of last year and a lower than expected tax rate due primarily to $0.055 of discrete tax benefits in the first quarter. Our initial guidance for 2018 included an estimate of venture capital investment gains of $0.14 which was higher than our original estimate in 2017 because we believe $0.14 more closely aligns with historical performance. The $0.10 gain in the first quarter was $0.065 above our initial quarterly estimate. We will not forecast the performance of these funds beyond our annual expected return, therefore, we have not increased our full-year forecast beyond the $0.14 which was included in our original guidance. Our first quarter tax rate was 16.5% a 550 basis point decline from the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year decrease was largely the result of discrete tax benefits which reduced the first quarter tax rate by 330 basis points, primarily related to a favorable state tax ruling. A tax benefit resulting from operational efficiency initiatives also contributed to the lower first quarter tax rate. The excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation was $0.09 per share in the first quarter, which was slightly below our expectations and below the $0.15 benefit that we recorded in the first quarter of last year. Primarily due to the excess tax benefit, we expect the first quarter tax rate to be the lowest quarterly level for 2018. In future years, this stock compensation benefit or potential loss should have a greater impact in the first quarter due to the timing of equity award vesting. For the year, we expect our tax rate to be favorable to our initial outlook of 25% to 26%. We now expect our full-year tax rate to be in a range of 23.5% to 25% on a non-GAAP basis. The lower tax rate outlook is driven by the first quarter discrete tax benefits which will reduce the full year tax rate by approximately 70 basis points as well as a modest benefit from U.S. tax reform. The tax reform impact is more favorable than the neutral effect we initially expected as a result of further guidance that has been issued by tax authorities. Our favorable tax rate outlook for the year is the primary reason that we have increased our earnings per share guidance for 2018 by $0.10 per share to a range of $5.77 to $5.92. This range includes approximately $0.25 of accretion from the MPI acquisition, which is consistent with our original outlook. In addition to the lower tax rate, we also expect a small incremental EPS benefit from foreign exchange. The benefit from tax and FX is expected to be more than $0.10 for the year. However, it is our intention to reinvest a portion of the upside into the business. Because of the favorable movements in foreign exchange rates, we also increased our reported revenue growth outlook by 200 basis points to a range of 18% to 20%, including the $170 million to $190 million revenue contribution from MPI. The foreign exchange benefit is now forecast at 3% for the year compared to our initial outlook of a 1% benefit. The foreign exchange benefit for the year creates a meaningful headwind to the DSA operating margin, primarily because we are not naturally hedged in our Safety Assessment business in Canada and our Early Discovery business in the UK. Although the top line FX benefit reduces the segment operating margin, we still will record an EPS benefit from FX in 2018. By segment, we are updating our reported revenue growth outlook to reflect the favorable FX rates and for the DSA segment, the completion of the MPI acquisition. On a reported basis, we expect low to mid-single digit growth for the RMS segment, low to mid-teens growth for the Manufacturing segment and approximately 30% growth for the DSA segment. On an organic basis, our consolidated revenue growth outlook remains unchanged for the year at 5.7% to 6.7%. I will now discuss several of the other components that affected our first quarter performance and our outlook for the year. Unallocated corporate costs, which total 7.5% of total revenue or $37.2 million in the first quarter, are tracking to our expectations for the year. The first quarter level is typically higher because of the normal quarterly gating of fringe-related costs, which are typically highest in the first quarter and then normalize for the remainder of the year. MPI did not meaningfully add to corporate cost for year and we continue to expect unallocated corporate cost to be slightly below 7% of total revenue in 2018. At $7.6 million, net interest expense in the first quarter was essentially unchanged on a sequential basis. For the year, we now expect net interest expense of $55.5 million to $58.5 million to reflect borrowing for the MPI acquisition and our current capital structure. Primarily to finance the MPI acquisition, we refinanced our credit facilities at the end of March with a new $1.55 billion revolver and $750 million term loan due in 2023. The new facilities increased our borrowing capacity by $650 million, but did not change the pricing grid from the previous credit agreement. At the beginning of April, we subsequently issued $500 million of senior notes due in 2026 at a 5.5% coupon rate. We believe that this fixed rate debt enhances our capital structure by locking in the interest rate on a portion of our long-term debt, extending the maturity date three years beyond the credit facilities, and providing additional capacity to support our acquisition strategy. On a pro forma basis for the completion of MPI acquisition, our gross leverage ratio was 3.3 times and our net leverage ratio was 3 times. Our capital priorities in 2018 remained focused on debt repayment. Absent any acquisitions, our goal will be to drive a gross leverage ratio below 3 times. I'll now provide an update on our cash flow. Free cash flow increased to $32.3 million in the first quarter, compared to $18.8 million last year. The primary reason for the increase was higher client payments at the start of new Safety Assessment studies, which is related to the first quarter study mix that Jim discussed. Year-over-year, CapEx increased by $11.8 million in the first quarter to $27.7 million, primarily driven by capacity additions to support our growth initiatives. Factoring the MPI acquisition into our free cash flow and capital expenditure guidance, we now expect free cash flow will be $10 million lower than our initial outlook excluding MPI, in a range of $240 million to $250 million for the year. The operating cash flow that we expect to generate from MPI's operations this year will be largely offset by transaction and integration costs. In addition, we are increasing our CapEx guidance by $20 million to approximately $120 million in 2018, primarily to reflect the capital requirements of MPI. MPI is expected to be accretive to free cash flow next year when the transaction and integration costs significantly decrease. To recap our guidance for the year, we raised non-GAAP EPS guidance by $0.10, due primarily to a lower-than-expected tax rate as well as an incremental benefit from foreign exchange. We also increased our reported revenue growth guidance by 200 basis points to reflect a more favorable benefit from foreign exchange. A summary of our financial guidance can be found on slide 40. For the second quarter, there are several factors contributing to our outlook. The most significant of which, of course, is the addition of MPI. We expect second quarter reported revenue growth of at least 20% on a year-over-year basis with more than half of the increase attributable to MPI. On an organic basis, we expect the second quarter growth rate to be in line with our guidance range for the year and for each of our segments to be within their respective annual ranges. We expect low to mid-teens growth in non-GAAP earnings per share when compared to last year's second quarter level of $1.29. This outlook assumes sequential expansion of our operating margin in the Manufacturing and DSA segments. As Jim noted, we expect the DSA margin to improve above the 20% level in the second quarter as the study mix begins to normalize. The operational improvement in the second quarter is expected to be partially offset by less favorability from below-the-line items. We expect a sequential increase in interest expense due to the MPI acquisition, substantially lower venture capital investment gains versus the first quarter, and a non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-20% range because we do not expect a meaningful benefit from stock compensation or discrete items for the remainder of the year. In conclusion, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and also the prospects for the second quarter and full year. The strong demand environment for our unique early stage offering remains encouraging, and we remain focused on executing our strategy and achieving our long-term financial and operational targets. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And it has been requested that to limit yourselves to one question. And our first question, we'll go to Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. So I wanted to start and focus on Safety Assessment. How has the MPI deal impacted your positioning and some of the conversations you're having for strategic partnerships and has there been any change in the competitive dynamic with any of the other players in the market that you've seen?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So MPI is doing expressly what we had anticipated that it would. It expands our geographic footprint. It expands our service offering substantially. It also gives us the ability to work on client mobility. So as you may have heard us say years ago, the most efficient way that we can operate this business is to think of our vast network as, let's say, a single building and be able to make sure that we keep it full. The way that you do that is that you have clients appreciate the capabilities that we have across all of our sites. So, several things happened pretty much immediately upon close. One is we had inbound calls from current Charles River clients saying we want to know about the site, we want to audit this site, we want to consider using it as part of our work with you. So that's been fabulous. We also had the inverse, which is MPI clients going to MPI for whatever reasons they originally went there, saying like to learn more about the Charles River portfolio particularly other specialty areas and other geographic footprints and also your discovery business so we can work with you on a more holistic basis. So, it's opened up a whole opportunity for us to interface with clients in a more efficient way, hopefully a more holistic way, get them to utilize the portfolio and have this incremental capacity that we get with the MPI acquisition be able to help us with our growth metrics as well. So, certainly it's been not just a larger company but I think stronger from a service offering and both an expansion of current specialty areas and the addition of a couple of new ones.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then on RMS you mentioned this outsourcing dynamic is benefiting that segment as well. Can you just elaborate on that? Can you control where more of the models are getting purchased? And on the MPI point, how much of a drag is that as the intercompany sales get moved out?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It's a modest drag. So the point there to keep remembering and we'll keep mentioning it, it's magnified every time we do a transaction like this, is that virtually all the CROs, virtually all of our competitors, are clients. And that's a commentary on the fact that our animals are of extremely high quality and they want to use them themselves plus sometimes the sponsors request Charles River animals. So we haven't lost that business. When they're competitors, at least we have a piece of their work in terms of the animals that they buy. And in the case where we now own these entities, we have the vertical integration, which I think allows a lot of things. It's a lot of planning so we have a sufficient number of animals, we have the right strains in the right places. We obviously control quality, and we have a more efficient model. On the Research Model side, the principle issue on units has to do with the pharmaceutical infrastructure reduction, which sort of continues. Notwithstanding that, I think we're holding our own well. Particularly pleased with operating margins being nearly 30% in the first quarter. That's where we have guided you all to. And we're going to see the tailwinds coming from China, and complex services like Insourcing Solutions and GEMS.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you, Jim.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning. Congrats to Susan and thank you. And congrats to Todd for your promotion. Appreciate all your help.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Wanted to focus on DSA as well and, Jim, interested in how as you're talking about folding in MPI and the additional kind of client reach that that gives you into the small biotech arena, how, first of all, you manage those client relationships to keep them in the fold. You touched on that a little bit, but knowing that MPI is now part of a much bigger organization. And then, two, as you think about your capacity, do you think about  I guess, what is the level of utilization roughly, if you're willing to share. And then, two as you think about long-term growth, do you keep all available capacity because the growth is robust enough to grow into it or are there some opportunities for streamlining somewhere? How do you think about the capacity in Safety Assessment long-term? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Wow. So we manage the client relationships very carefully, the way I'd answer that. So clients initially went to MPI for some reason, alleged smallness, alleged better service that comes with their scale, geography, historical preference, been a post-doc with somebody that worked there. Whatever the reasons are, they are not unlike the reasons that people went to WIL or the reasons that people went to us in the old days versus others, so. We told clients that they (42:47) obviously, at the Michigan site that we just bought. They can work with the same study directors and that really nothing will change if that's the way they'd like it. And I think some will like it that way. It's not our goal, though. I mean, our goal is to have them understand, audit and, hopefully, take advantage of the broader Charles River portfolio and, as I said earlier, vice versa, have our current legacy clients take advantage of the MPI site which by the way is a high-science, high-quality, very large facility. So there's a lot of new clients, Dave. This is not a dissimilar transaction to WIL. It's one site and it's all domestic. So, it's in some ways more straightforward but it's quite similar in terms of scale and client response and we really have done a superb job keeping the clients (43:46) and keeping the clients happy who were legacy WIL. And we're quite confident we'll be able to do that with the MPI clients and we're absolutely getting positive feedback daily on this. In terms of capacity utilization, we are not going to give you the exact numbers except to say capacity continues to be well utilized. It's a little less well utilized at MPI, which is a really good thing so that gives us the opportunity to grow there faster should we desire that that's the place we want to grow. The rate limiting factor there, just let me remind you, will be staffing. So we will have to hire people and have them properly trained to work there but that's a faster turnaround than incremental space. Bite your tongue that we would ever consider streamlining. We're in a situation right now we have really great demand, Dave. It's as good as we've ever seen it in the history of this company. You know the biotech inflows have been significant. I think the amount of work that the pharma companies are doing externally has increased. And I think that we'll need all available capacity. Of course as you know since you've seen a lot of it, we do have a significant amount of available space which will have to be renovated in Massachusetts and Reno and some ability to build small pockets elsewhere. So we feel very good about our ability to utilize our capacity strategically, opportunistically, thoughtfully and professionally and be able to do that without impairing our operating measures.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. And I'll add my congrats to Susan, it's been great working with you over the years.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On Manufacturing, Jim, you talked about seasonality here. Microbial Solutions was below kind of low double-digit expectations and you talked about Biologics really kind of being a timing dynamic. I guess, can you get us comfortable on the recovery here? You talked about bookings maybe being a little bit better coming out of the quarter. Should we still be thinking about double-digit growth in Manufacturing for the year?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: You should. That's very long-term guidance and certainly our guidance for the year and, as you know, we've been able to do that for multiple years in a row. Microbial business was just a little bit softer than we would have liked and we explained that in our prepared remarks having shipping some additional product out of Europe in Q4, as we brought a new facility up online. And it's up and operating extremely efficiently and business is very good there and demand is good, and so we anticipate a strong second quarter. Biologics tends to have just historically kind of a funky first quarter. So it tends to be a little bit seasonal following the end of the year. So we saw a little bit lower sample volume than even perhaps we would have anticipated, but bookings and proposal volume are very strong there. We have really good franchise with multiple geographies at a time where biologics are getting to market in larger percentages than small molecule, so it's a really critical service that we provide. As you heard us say in our prepared remarks, we're beginning the process of making some modest modifications and beginning the process of moving into quite a large facility in Pennsylvania where we're going to consolidate space to accommodate demand. So feel really good about that sector on an organic basis going forward, both top line and bottom line. Even though the margins were terrific in the first quarter at 31% and change, we still think that they can be higher and be moving toward the kind of mid-30s that we told you was our long-term guidance.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one quick follow-up on DSA, you talked about the mix shifting to longer term projects. Does that start to normalize as the year progresses, are you able to talk about how much of the DSA mix was long-term and any comments on DSA pricing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, we're not going to talk about pricing, as we told you, for competitive reasons. You get these sort of mix issues that are really tough to control, margins are in the final analysis comparable but you got higher startup costs on the long-term work. We have a little more long-term work now than short-term. That will normalize. It's just the natural ebb and flows of the business and given the strength of the backlog and the bookings and proposal volume, we're quite confident that that will begin to sequentially ameliorate as we move through the back half of the year.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Susan, it's been a good time. I think we've been together for the entire 15 years, if I remember correctly.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: We have.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So two questions. So the Biologics volumes were low in the first quarter and you're also in the middle of expanding capacity in the testing. So how confident are you that you can fill this new capacity coming online and it doesn't impact margins? And then another margin question, you're are doing a number of deals lately where the margins tend to be lower. And I guess how long do you get to that consolidated 20% operating margin or is it continually get diluted down by new transactions?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes. So on Biologics, quite confident about the bill for the back half of the year. Quite confident in the demand and the new space is both a consolidation of older space which is less efficient and being able to provide incremental capacity for growth. So it'll have a very modest impact on margin this year which you won't see, by the way, it's already embedded in our guidance, just to bring that online and the sort of smooth transition of a lot of complex scientific work from site to site and client to client. So we feel really good about that. Your other question's a really good one. Think about it a lot. We do buy some companies with operating margins of 20% or higher. We just told you that MPI was higher. We're driving significant efficiency out of our business every year and we have sized that  it's north of $60 million the last year or two. And we're getting that in most of our businesses. You saw that the RMS margin was higher in the first quarter as well. So we're very confident that we're knocking on 20%. Whether we get there this year or not, don't know. That wasn't our guidance, our guidance was to be better than the prior year. Yeah, it's possible that some M&A could retard our ability to move forward but that's certainly not the way we see it long term. And Derik, we try not to buy anything. Look, our preference would be not to buy anything with margins below 20%. That's a little hard to do but we certainly don't buy anything that we don't believe will get to 20%. So, we think on a consolidated holistic basis, that we'll achieve and exceed that goal.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. It's Luke in for Ross. I just kind of wanted to unpack a little bit of what you're seeing in China. It seems like it hit a real inflection this quarter. Just kind of give us your overall thoughts on the business there and how that's changing and then how your overall strategy with the overall Charles River business is kind of focusing on China?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes. So China was slower in Q4 than we would have liked because we were capacity constrained. As we indicated, we have opened our new facility, which is outside of Shanghai with the express purpose of servicing the Shanghai market. It's a large facility that should not only allow us to support that marketplace much more efficiently than coming from Beijing, which is what we were doing previously, but to take share and grow with that market, which is dynamically growing and probably  not probably, Shanghai is certainly the center of a lot of biomedical research. So, we feel good about that. We will continue to invest in and around that area and other areas as well because China is going to be a geographic expansion play for us. So, unless we build new facilities, which are further west and south of where we are now, we won't be able to garner the work that's available in those locales. Competition continues to be government-backed organizations who are capable, but don't have the scientific history and rigor and capability and experience and reputation that we do, so quite confident in our ability to take share from them in this rapidly growing market. So, feel really good about that business going forward. As we said previously, we will slowly  probably acquire, but there may be some organic growth but we will slowly acquire other capabilities in China that mirror the current portfolio we have in the U.S. and Europe. That will be a reasonably insular marketplace where drugs will be developed in China for China and the work will have to be done in-country. The M&A opportunities are pretty robust, but we are carefully working our way through them. So you should expect that that would be an area of M&A expansion for us over the next few years.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Helpful. And then last, I guess another margin on the MPI, it's more of a kind of where you see the puts and takes with achieving your stated synergy goals? I mean you guys have been doing this a long time and things sound like they're off to a great start. So what's the upside scenario to those synergies and timing on achieving those?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So I would refer you back to the WIL experience with a (54:47) similar sort of business. Again we had a raft of synergies that we were hunting to pull out. Very similar in the case of MPI. It's all about articulating what those synergies are, engaging fully which we did with WIL and there is no reason why we shouldn't do the same with MPI. So, in terms of talking about whether there's upside, well, we're 30 days or just over 30 days in, so why don't we just focus on delivering these synergies that we've called out.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Fair enough.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Not get too far ahead of ourselves there. (55:17)
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Touch. Fair enough. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, and congrats, Susan. Thank you for all your help over the years.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you, Ricky.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: A couple of questions here. Jim, I know that you said that you're not going to comment on pricing for competitive reasons, but just given the discussion questions around capacity, can you just give us any directional color on what you're seeing in terms of pricing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I'm just pausing to figure out how to do that without talking about pricing. I would say that capacity in Charles River's shop is fully utilized and while we never get in to see what our competitors are doing and I would actually say that, as we look back, WIL was more full than we would have had anticipated as a competitor of ours and maybe MPI is less full than we would have considered as a competitor of ours. So, you never know, I guess is my point. So, it is what it is, but we're not seeing any sort of aggressive or crazy or aberrant pricing behavior on the part of our competitors and really haven't for a while. So, I think everyone is filling up nicely. I think there's enough work to go around. I think we're certainly taking share when we want to, rarely using price except if somebody comes after us hard, which as I said is not happening very often. And then I guess the only thing I would say about price is that we certainly try to achieve it when we can. We have a lot of clients that have long-term contracts that are both price protected or at least protected in terms of the amount that we would increase price year-over-year. But I think  obviously our costs go up annually and we're delivering exceptional science in a responsive fashion, so we intend to get paid well, we intend to have our margins continue to improve. So, we'll continue to get as much price as is possible.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then we recently heard about another pharma M&A, so just kind of like your current thinking about the M&A environment and your customers and what it means for the business?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, we obviously pay careful attention to that. There was a small deal announced this morning. So it will continue. There's 20 biotech deals that have happened since the beginning of the year. Lots of them  perhaps close to all of them  but certainly lots of them were clients. I'm talking about the targets. And there's a smoothing-out effect that we get. So our client base is so broad, particularly with the small clients that we don't really feel it but several things happen. Either nothing happens and those are complementary portfolios and an acquirer that doesn't have any internal capacity either or already works with us and wants to keep that work with Charles River. It's possible that that doesn't happen, but as I said, it gets sort of smoothed out in mix and there'll be new companies being minted all the time. So, we don't really notice that. You know that we don't have any large clients that account for more than 3% of our revenue. So, even if there was a big deal, the one that you're referring to, it's possible we have  there's no impact from that. I don't want to speak too specifically about that one. But usually there's a positive benefit when we have two large companies getting together on the service side, particularly on the Safety Assessment side as they will inevitably take out lots of costs. And so one of the ways that they get the benefit of that is by doing more outsourcing. So, typically isn't an issue for us. I doubt this one that was announced will be and we like our position and the breadth of our client base.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for the questions. And Susan, I too would like to thank you for all your help over the years.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thanks, Robert.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Best of luck.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I guess, most of the fundamental questions around the business have been asked. So, maybe just one on tax. You mentioned that the incremental tax savings were more than the 10% that guidance was raised by, and so I'm just curious where those reinvestments in the excess tax savings would be focused? I mean maybe you could just share a little bit, are those areas that you're currently investing in, are there new areas that you plan on investing in? Just trying to get a sense of where the reinvestment would be directed?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes. So, the reinvestment is actually some new areas and we've have been  as we come through the year, we see some other opportunities, been discussing them with the executive team. And given the opportunity we had with the tax, we thought we'd use that to deploy that into securing growth, more for the future. I think the impact you'll see from those investments are not in-year, more for future.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, Jim, actually if I could sneak one more in, not a huge part of the business, but I was just curious if you had any updated thoughts on the chem or ag business? Obviously you saw one of your competitors is getting out of that business, just curious how you guys view that today?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. It continues to be a solid business for us. It continues to provide nice diversification. On a pure pharma world, you know that we do a bunch of that at WIL and at Edinburgh. So and have strong relationships with large clients who depend on us heavily. So, we like it.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Jon Kaufman on for Kreger. So, in Early Discovery, it seems like you're making some nice traction there. Can you talk about what types of clients are driving this? Is large pharma becoming more open to outsourcing this type of work? And in terms of pull-through, what percent of these programs are moving into Safety Assessment today and where do you see that going longer term? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure. So, very pleased with the stabilization of that business and the strength of the Discovery business in totality. You all know that we got into this business to interface with the clients earlier and to effectuate some pull-through because clients absolutely don't want to stop and have multiple providers along the drug discovery and development pathway. So, we're seeing increasing number of integrated deals. So large proportion of integrated deals for the Early Discovery, a large proportion of deals at all for this Early Discovery business are integrated. So that's very good. A larger number are across multiple sites, which is even better. So they're utilizing the whole Charles River portfolio. And I'm not going to give you a specific percentage except to say that the numbers that are moving into Safety are increasing. We also have some long-term Safety clients who of course we did do discovery, we haven't done it for that long, who are very interested in our discovery work and want to start with us earlier on their next compound or compounds after that. So we're beginning to see probably a better articulation on our part of the pull-through. I do think that the organizational change that we made recently about literally pulling these businesses together from an operational point of view, having a more holistic sell-in process, very high scientific sell for Discovery is working very well for us. We have a much stronger competitive position than anybody in both Discovery and Safety, and the combined entity is one the clients are resonating with. So what we always (1:04:22) is beginning to happen. As we always said, this is somewhat a function of scale. Also a function of getting the word out, probably a function of clients talking with one another about the quality of the work that we're doing and us being able to connect the dots more effectively and clearly for them. So pleased with the way it's progressing.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then just one housekeeping question. On the tax rate, that 23.5% to 25%, is it fair to expect a similar rate in future periods? And then would that be inclusive or exclusive of any potential benefits from stock-based comp?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Do we want talk about guidance for 2019? I think I would say  without getting into guidance for 2019, I think I would say directionally we're in the right sort of zip code. We might see some nuances, but it's fair to say that we're in the right sort of zip code.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to George Hill with RBC. Please go ahead.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. And I want to echo my congratulations to Susan and Todd. I guess, Jim, just asking about the new Biologics capacity, and I guess how long do you think it takes to fill out the capacity, and what are the implications for margins over time?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So we hope it takes a while. It's really a big building. The business is growing very fast. So it will take a few years to fill it which is exactly what we anticipated. The history space is such that it's not going to be a big drag on margins. As I said earlier, it's definitely a little bit of a drag this year because we have some duplication of costs as  and we may have some duplication of costs as well next year as we sort of move things from one site to the other without disrupting either the quality of the science or the work that's going on for certain clients. But it's a very high growth business and we needed space badly. It's actually very proximate to our old space so in terms of employee retention and the quality of work space, it's going to be terrific for our employees. So important the margins of that business should continue to remain strong going forward and we should be able to capture in the top line the significant demand that we're seeing by not being space-bound.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, and I guess the margin profile or is that something we're not ready to talk about yet?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, I mean the margin profile, it's a north of 20% margin business going forward.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then, maybe just a quick follow-up. On the M&A environment, it would seem like there's a lot of fragmented stuff that you can buy. And I guess I would just ask, I don't think we talk about this much, how do you think about the M&A environment where you guys buy assets versus how you think about the venture capital deployment?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: The environment continues to be extremely strong. So, there are a lot of assets for sale across our whole portfolio, it's mostly PE owned, which means that nothing is going to come cheap, but we won't chase anything that doesn't have the sorts of returns that we would like. So to some extent, we become a natural consolidator in the nonclinical space. I think we have a strong leadership position. I think our balance sheet holds us in good stead. So, we feel good about the environment out there for the next few years.
George Hill - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Powers with Bloomberg Intelligence.(1:08:23) Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, good morning. And also congratulations to Susan. Just a quick follow-up on China. I know, it sounds like the go-forward strategy is more of a focus on the domestics, but if you look at your existing book right now there, is that also primarily domestics or is it a mix of globals doing work in the market? And then, I have a follow-up.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes. Small amount of globals. That was not what we originally anticipated when we did this deal. It's mostly Chinese clients, mostly government clients as so many companies are. And that's clearly the way that market is going. There's a huge infusion of capital in there by the government to invest in the life sciences. There's a proliferation of new biotech companies and pharma companies. You got a whole bunch of people being educated in the U.S. and Europe going back to China. So yeah, it's mostly going to be domestic.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then just on the capital raising environment, 1Q was huge and I was wondering if you could help us think about more broadly how that kind of materializes into bookings and eventually revenue. Just trying to get a sense of timing of when we see a big raise like that, how that impacts the growth funnel? And then also just a quick update on the VC strategy and how that's been contributing to growth? Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It's hard, sorry, VC strategy was the first question.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Biotech funding trends.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, it's somewhere between hard and impossible to predict it, because we've been asked this for years. I guess we would say that we rarely see a surge  be nice to see one and I guess we could  but we rarely see a surge even with big inflows. What we would tell you is demand is amazing, amazingly strong. Biotech continues to be the principal driver of growth even though the pharma business is strong for several years. We don't have any clients complaining about inability to fund programs. So, it's steady state. If we see a surge, great, but we don't really anticipate that. And I would say on your VC question, those relationships have been very powerful for us in terms of strategic understanding of the marketplace and how other companies like the ones that are being started by the VCs think and how they want to work with us. And just on a pure revenue basis, the aggregation of these new companies that are being started by the VCs has become a significant number for us. I think we sized it in our last call, rapidly approaching $100 million in revenue, so  and that should continue to increase.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at the Bank of America Conference next week or the Jefferies and William Blair conferences in June. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' fourth quarter 2017 earnings and 2018 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our results for the fourth quarter of 2017 and our guidance for 2018. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 443328. The replay will be available through February 27 and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 14, 2017, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Now, Im pleased to turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Im very pleased to speak with you today about the conclusion of another strong year for Charles River, our expectations for 2018 and beyond and some important developments that will contribute to our long-term growth. Let me begin with an overview of our industry and factors driving our performance. We are operating in a robust business environment that gives us excellent growth potential. Our total addressable market is in the range of $15 billion, growing at mid-single digit rate. At revenue approaching 2 billion, that gives us a long runway. Biotech funding remains strong, in fact, 2017 was the second strongest year ever, with funding rising 37% from 2016 levels. The FDA approved 46 drugs last year, more than twice the number of drugs as in 2016 and because of our unique early stage portfolio and extensive scientific expertise, we worked on 74% of the approved drugs. We have demonstrated the value we can provide to clients and fully intend to continue to enhance our value proposition, both through internal initiatives and strategic acquisitions. With the strength of the market opportunities and our premier reputation with clients, Charles River is on a path to nearly double its size over the next five years. We are maintaining our long-term target for consolidated revenue growth at high single digits over the five year life of our strategic plan and low double digits, including acquisitions. Our long-term target for the consolidated non-GAAP operating margin remains greater than 20%, even including acquisitions because profitable revenue growth is key to our long term goals. Further to that point, we continue to target at least low double digit non-GAAP EPS growth, exceeding organic revenue growth by at least 200 basis points. Before discussing our fourth quarter results, I'm pleased to share two important events that will enhance our ability to achieve our growth goals. First, you will hopefully have seen that we announced a definitive agreement to acquire MPI Research, a leading non-clinical CRO providing comprehensive testing services to biopharmaceutical and medical device companies worldwide. Acquiring MPI will strengthen Charles Rivers ability to partner with clients across the drug discovery and development continuum. As you know from the press release, we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the company for approximately $800 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Adding MPIs capabilities enhances Charles Rivers position as a leading early stage CRO and drives profitable revenue growth and immediate non-GAAP earnings per share accretion. Our commitment to growth, including through strategic acquisitions requires an organizational infrastructure that is both broad and deep with highly experienced leadership at the top. The appointments of Davide Molho and Birgit Girshick are important steps in building out that necessary structure. Effective immediately, Davide becomes President and Chief Operating Officer of Charles River, responsible for our RMS, DSA, biologics and avian businesses and continuing to report to me. Trained as a veterinarian, Davide has established a proven track record of outstanding performance, leading many of our businesses through important strategic initiatives during his nearly 20 years with the company. His extensive operations management experience in both the US and Europe uniquely qualifies Davide to oversee our global organization and provide leadership as it continues to grow. Davide has been a key contributor on our executive management team. The appointment of Birgit Girshick to corporate Executive Vice President, Discovery and Safety Assessment, enables us to manage the discovery and safety assessment businesses as one cohesive unit, leveraging the synergies between the two related businesses in order to enhance the extensive services we provide to clients. During her more than 25 years with the company, Birgit has established an exceptional record of operational management, most recently, leading our global discovery business after successfully executing the WIL Research integration. Given her experience, there is no one more qualified to combine these two businesses into a seamless operating unit. This enhanced organizational structure will enable us to continue to advance our strategic objectives and support our continuing growth. I have complete confidence in Davide and Birgits capabilities and believe that Charles River will benefit greatly as a result of their new roles. I look forward to continuing to work side by side with Davide, Birgit and the entire team as we drive Charles Rivers growth and development over the coming years. As I said at the outset, we plan to nearly double in size over the course of our five year plan, generating significant earnings growth and delivering value to our stakeholders. Today's appointments give us the right leadership structure to support and advance that plan. Now, let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance. We reported revenue of 478.5 million in the fourth quarter of 17, an increase of 2.5% on a reported basis. Robust client demand in the manufacturing and DSA segments drove organic revenue growth of 5.6%. For 2017, revenue was 1.86 billion with a reported growth rate of 10.5% and an organic growth rate of 6.7%. From a client perspective, biotech clients were our fastest growing client segment in both the quarter and the year. The operating margin was 19.7% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 50 basis points year-over-year. We continue to be very pleased with the margin improvement in the manufacturing segment, which drove the fourth quarter increase. Lower corporate costs also contributed to the margin improvement. The full year operating margin of 19.3% was slightly higher than 16, primarily due to 170 basis point improvement in the manufacturing operating margin offset in part by a lower RMS operating margin. Earnings per share were $1.40 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 15.7% from $1.21 in the fourth quarter of 16, due primarily to venture capital investment gains as well as higher revenue and operating income. For the full year, earnings per share were $5.27, a 15.6% increase over the prior year. Earnings growth was driven by higher revenue and operating income as well as contributions from venture capital investments and the excess tax benefit from stock compensation. When adjusting both years for these items, the year-over-year growth rate was 7.2%. Our strong performance in 17 reflects robust client demand across our broad portfolio of essential early stage drug research and manufacturing support products and services as well as the disciplined investments in staffing and infrastructure that we are making to support our continuing growth. These investments have positioned us extremely well to address the continued strong demand, which is the basis for our outlook for 2018. Not including the anticipated acquisition of MPI, we expect organic revenue growth of 5.7% to 6.7% and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $5.42 to $5.57. The EPS range includes $0.14 of gains on venture capital investments and $0.14 for the excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation. Adjusting both years to exclude these items, the 2018 EPS range represents growth between 8% and 11% and when including MPI, the non-GAAP earnings per share range is expected to increase to $5.67 to $5.82, a growth rate of 13.5% to 16.5% on the same adjusted basis. In either case, the projected non-GAAP EPS growth rate in 18 is in line with our goal of an EPS growth rate more than 200 basis points higher than the organic revenue growth rate. I'd like to provide you with additional details on our fourth quarter segment performance and speak to our expectations for 18 and longer term. Ill begin with the RMS segment. RMS revenue in the fourth quarter was 120.4 million, a decrease of 1.4% on an organic basis. The RMS operating margin decreased by 130 basis points to 26% due primarily to lower sales volume. From a client perspective, Charles Rivers DSA segment is and will continue to be the largest client of the research models business. Research models remain an essential regulatory required scientific tool for early stage research and a vital component of our portfolio. Researchers view our broad portfolio of high quality, scientifically defined research models and our exceptional client service as the foundation from which they derive precise scientific data about their molecules. In both the fourth quarter and full year 2017, biotech clients increased their purchases of research models, but global biopharma clients continued to reduce theirs. This is likely the result of both increased use of CROs and biotech partnering and consolidation in the biopharma industry, but as the leading supplier of models to these clients, the impact largely offsets growth from biotech clients and China. Growth opportunities in China are significant and our business has been growing at double digit rates each year since we acquired it in 2013. The revenue growth rate moderated to low double digits in the second half of 2017 because of capacity constraints. Our new production facility in the Shanghai area was completed in the fourth quarter and we began commercial shipments early this year. This new production capacity as well as plans to continue to expand in China are among the factors that give us confidence in our long term low single digit growth targets for RMS. In addition to China, we believe that the benefit of modest price increases and growth in the service businesses will also support our long-term target for this segment. GEMS and insourcing solutions performed well in the fourth quarter and we expect that the revenue growth rate for RADS will improve in 18 now that we have anniversaried the one-time single client project in 2016 that depressed the growth rate in 17. We expect that these trends will continue declining demand from large biopharma, increasing demand from biotechs, strong growth in China, modest price increases and demand for services. Therefore, we are reaffirming our long-term target of low single digit revenue growth for RMS. Because of the importance of our research models to drug research and to our discovery and safety assessment businesses, we must continue to provide the high quality research models for which Charles River is known and respected as efficiently as possible. Over the last five years, we have periodically taken actions to enhance the productivity and streamline capacity in the research models business. The goal of these actions, including the planned closure of our RMS site in Maryland before the end of the year and our continuing efficiency initiatives, is to sustain the robust RMS operating margin and our long-term target in the high-20% range. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was 253.2 million, a 6.8% increase on an organic basis, driven by both the discovery and safety assessment businesses. DSA growth was slightly below the third quarter level, due primarily to a less favorable steady mix in safety assessment, which can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on clients' priorities. For the full year, DSA organic revenue growth was 7.5%. Safety assessment growth was in the high single digits for the year, offset slightly by slower growth for the discovery business. We expect the discovery business to generate higher revenue growth in 18 and beyond and we continue to expand our services and demand for outsourced services trends higher. We are continuing to enhance our position as the premier single source provider for a broad portfolio of discovery services. We have built exceptional capabilities in the area of oncology, which is the largest and fastest growing area of drug research. We strengthened these capabilities in January, with the acquisition of KWS BioTest, a leading discovery oncology CRO based in the UK. KWS specializes in immune-oncology, an area of significant scientific breakthroughs in which researchers are harnessing the human immune system to fight diseases such as cancer. We believe that adding KWS's capabilities to our portfolio enables us to increase the support we can provide to clients, as they increase their focus on oncology drugs, a belief that was reinforced by our clients immediate and positive reaction to the acquisition. Our early discovery business recently delivered its 78th development candidate to a client. Early discovery scientific reputation and innovative sales strategies are creating new opportunities for us to work with clients at the earliest stages of drug research. Three clients recently renewed existing agreements or selected us to provide integrated programs. These opportunities combined with increasing demand from small and mid-sized biotech clients position the business for improved revenue growth in 18. Our assessment business continue to attract new business on the basis of our strong portfolio, scientific expertise and flexible and customized working relationships. Our capacity remained well utilized in 17 and we opened a modest number of study rooms to accommodate growth. Pricing also continued to increase in 17 at a rate of approximately 2%. As we noted last year, we will not provide future updates on safety assessment pricing. The safety assessment revenue increase in the fourth quarter reflected continued client demand and price increases, partially offset by steady mix. Proposal volume and bookings were very strong in the fourth quarter, increasing both year-over-year and sequentially, which positions us for continued safety assessment growth in 18. In our view, there will continue to be significant demand for outsourced services from both biotech and pharma companies and we intend to maintain and expand our position as their partner of choice. As biotech companies proliferate and pharma companies increasingly rely on outsourced services to improve efficiency and access to expertise, they no longer maintain in-house. We need additional capacity to accommodate the demand. For that reason, the acquisition of MPI Research is particularly opportune. MPI will add ototoxicity and abuse liability capabilities, and expand our existing capabilities in general toxicology and special toxicology, including ophthalmology, juvenile toxicity, molecular biology, and surgery, as well as medical device testing. In addition to its strong scientific capabilities, MPI provides a 1 million square foot single site with available capacity. Furthermore, biotech companies represent the largest portion of their diversified client base, which will expand our exposure to the most significant driver of demand for outsourced services. From a financial perspective, this acquisition delivers compelling benefits, which will generate value to shareholders and which we consider fundamental to any acquisition we do. MPI will be immediately accretive to non-GAAP EPS. It will meet or exceed our ROIC hurdle rate within three to four years and will enhance our opportunities for organic growth. Subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, we expect to close the acquisition early in the second quarter of 18. On that basis, we expect the acquisition will contribute 170 million to 190 million to our consolidated revenue and add approximately $0.25 to non-GAAP earnings per share in 18. We expect greater benefits in 19 with MPIs revenue contribution representing approximately 260 million to 280 million of consolidated revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share accretion of approximately $0.60. A 13 million to 16 million cost synergies will be somewhat less than we achieved with WIL, primarily because MPIs operating margin is already slightly above 20%. As we did with the WIL acquisition, we have already initiated a comprehensive integration planning process. Andy Vic, Corporate Vice President, Safety Assessment Ohio who joined us with the WIL acquisition and has been instrumental in its successful integration, will manage the operational integration on a full time basis. He will work side by side with both Charles River and MPI personnel to ensure that the integration process proceeds smoothly. The DSA operating margin was 22% in the fourth quarter, 180 basis points below the fourth quarter of 16. The decline was a result of the safety assessment study mix and higher staffing cost to support current and future growth, particularly in the early discovery business. The operating factors accounted for 100 basis points of the decline, with an additional 80 basis points resulting from the negative impact from foreign exchange. For the year, the DSA operating margin was 22.3%, 40 basis points below the prior year. The slight decline is due primarily to lower than expected revenue and higher staffing costs. Given our long-term outlook for high single digit revenue growth for the DSA segment, we expect that higher revenue will result in improved operating margins. In addition, our continuing efficiency initiatives are expected to drive margin gains. Therefore, we are increasing our long term DSA operating margin target to the mid-20% range, above the more than 20% we've previously targeted. The manufacturing support segment concluded an exceptional year with a strong fourth quarter. Revenue for the quarter was 104.8 million, a growth rate of 11.8% on an organic basis, driven by the microbial solutions and biologics businesses. Organic revenue growth for the year was 12.9% due to robust market trends in both businesses, our continuing efforts to enhance our product and service offerings and our best-in-class client service. Because we believe that the market trends will continue and we will continue executing our successful go to market strategy, we are reaffirming our long term goal of organic revenue growth in the low double digits for the manufacturing segment. Combining robust sales of the PTS family of products, core reagents and microbial identification services, the microbial solutions business continued to generate low double digit organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for the year. Our installed base of rapid detection systems continued to expand and as a result, we are driving higher cartridge sales. Furthermore, as the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing above sterile and non-sterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products, we are leveraging our client relationships to market our microbial solutions. For clients who have historically used our testing products in only one area, we are introducing them to our comprehensive microbial testing solution and selling across a broader portion of the microbial portfolio. We are in a unique position to support our clients' rapid testing needs and win new business, which is why we believe that the microbial solutions business will be able to continue to deliver low double digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The biologics business reported another exceptional performance in the fourth quarter as well as for the year, delivering robust double digit organic revenue growth for both periods. We believe that the number of biologic and biosimilars drugs in development has led to a rapid increase in demand for our services over the last several years, especially in view of the fact that many of the biologic drugs are being developed by biotech companies that do not have the internal infrastructure to support the manufacturer. Because of the exceptional growth in 2017 and our belief in continued growth for the foreseeable future, we have plans to expand into a new facility near our existing Pennsylvania site, which is larger and provides significantly more capacity for growth in 2018 and beyond. The additional capacity as well as continued expansion of our biologics services portfolio will further enhance our ability to support our clients biologic and biosimilar development efforts from discovery through clinical phases and commercial manufacturing. Strong revenue growth and our focus on continuous improvement have resulted in greater operating efficiency in manufacturing support segment. The fourth quarter operating margin was 37.6%, a 340 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter of 16. And for the year, the operating margin was 35.5%, a 170 basis point improvement over the previous year. Based on our outlook for low double digit revenue growth and continued efficiency initiatives, we are increasing our long-term operating margin target for the manufacturing segment to the mid-30% range from more than 30% previously. The increased margin expectation for this segment is one of the reasons that we believe we will achieve our consolidated margin of more than 20%. As I said earlier, we are operating in a robust business environment with excellent growth potential. We are realizing that that potential because of four factors that distinguish us from the competition; our unique early stage portfolio, which we continue to expand both through internal development and strategic acquisition; our scientific expertise, which is unmatched in the CRO industry and enables our clients to rely on us, instead of maintaining in-house capability; our focus on continuous improvement, which enables us to operate more efficiently and effectively even as we grow through acquisition; and our best-in-class client service through which we ensure that our products and services are precisely tailored to each client's individual needs. Our long term targets are based on our ability to execute our business strategy in this robust environment. We believe that we can generate consolidated revenue growth in the high single digits and an operating margin above 20%, including acquisitions. The revenue target is based on low single digit growth for RMS, high single digit growth for DSA and low double digit growth for manufacturing. The operating margin target is based on maintaining a high 20% margin for RMS and mid-20% target for DSA and a mid-30% target for manufacturing. The investments we have made have enhanced our position as a trusted scientific partner for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and non-government organizations worldwide. We have demonstrated the value we can provide to clients and believe that our long term targets demonstrate our goal to deliver value to shareholders. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'd like David Smith to give you additional details on our financial performance and 18 guidance.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the divestiture of the CDMO business in 2017 and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, the impact of foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2016. I will focus my discussion on our 2018 financial guidance. This guidance does not include the impact of MPI Research since the acquisition has yet to close. In 2018, we believe that we are well positioned to deliver earnings per share between $5.42 and $5.57. The 2018s earnings growth rate appears compressed by the year-over-year comparison of venture capital investment gains and the excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation, which creates a combined headwind of $0.24 per share. Adjusting for these headwinds, the year-over-year earnings per share growth is expected to be approximately 8% to 11%, primarily driven by higher revenue and modest operating margin improvement. This year, we have forecast venture capital investment gains of $0.14 per share compared to a gain of $0.29 per share in 2017. Because of these strong historical returns, we increased our estimate for VC gains to $0.14 a share from a level of $0.04 in prior years. We believe the higher estimate for 2018 more closely aligned with historical performance because in each of the last five years, we have outperformed our initial $0.04 outlook with gains ranging from $0.05 in 2015 to $0.29 last year. Given the inherent difficulty of forecasting VC gains or potential losses, we will evaluate eliminating these gains from our guidance beginning in 2019. For the excess tax benefit, we are estimating a $0.14 per share contribution in 18 compared to $0.23 per share in 17. The $0.23 last year was nearly double our original estimate due to the stock price appreciation and subsequent option exercise activity. The VC gains and excess tax benefit created significant $0.24 headwind in 2018 and it is important to note that our earnings per share growth rate would be 8% to 11% on adjusting for this headwind. 2018, we expect organic revenue growth on a consolidated basis to be in a range of 5.7% to 6.7%. From a segment perspective, the underlying trends in each of our business segments are expected to be similar to those of last year. We expect RMS growth to improve from second half 2017 levels to a low single digit growth rate in 2018, but continue to be pressured by lower sales volume in mature markets. RMS is expected to benefit from continued growth in the services business and new production capacity to support robust demand for research models in China. We expect the DSA segment will deliver organic growth in the same range as 2017. We expect safety assessment growth in the same range as the segment and improved growth in our discovery business. The manufacturing segment is expected to generate organic growth about 10%. The microbial solutions and biologics businesses are expected to continue to grow at low double digit rates in 2018, biologics growth is expected to moderate in the first half of the year until we bring additional capacity online to support the increasing demand. In our guidance, we are estimating the impact of foreign exchange based on bank forecast of forward rates. The 1% benefit that we expect from foreign exchange in 2018 is less favorable than if we were using current rates, but given the volatility and weakening of the US dollar since the beginning of this year, we did not feel it was prudent to include a higher benefit from foreign exchange in our guidance because rates could fluctuate over the balance of the year. On slide 39, we have provided information on our 2017 revenue by currency and the foreign exchange rates that we are using in 2018. In addition to revenue growth, we expect modest operating margin improvement will drive earnings growth this year. The manufacturing segment will be the primary contributor as it benefits from manufacturing efficiencies and volume leverages in our microbial solutions business. We will continue to add staff this year to support growth across many of our businesses. Although we will continue to invest in additional staff to keep pace with demand, we believe that we are well positioned to gradually improve the consolidated operating margin to reach our long-term goal of greater than 20%. Efficiency savings are also expected to continue to be a driver of operating margin improvement. In 2017, we achieved incremental efficiency savings of over $65 million. In 2018, we expect to generate efficiency savings of $60 million to $65 million before the benefit of the expected MPI synergies. The benefits from our efficiency initiatives help offset annual cost increases. Unallocated corporate expenses in 18 are expected to be slightly below 7% of revenue compared to 7.1% of revenue in 17. Our 2018 outlook demonstrates that the investments in our people, processes and systems over the last several years are beginning to generate the intended goal of greater efficiency and productivity. Before factoring in the incremental interest expense associated with the intended MPI transaction, net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $29 million to $31 million in 2018 compared to $29 million recorded in 2017. This outlook assumes that higher interest rates in 2018 will be largely offset by debt repayment. We are in the process of evaluating our financing options for the MPI acquisition, including the planned expansion of our credit facility. We are also actively evaluating fixed rate debt financing alternatives. Our MPI accretion outlook includes an estimate for incremental interest expense related to this refinancing activity. This years non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the range of 25% to 26%, excluding MPI, which compares favorably to the 27.2% rate last year, primarily because of the benefit of operational efficiency initiatives. This will be partially offset by the $0.09 headwind associated with the excess tax benefit from stock compensation. The excess tax benefit reduced the tax rate by 310 basis points in 2017, but only reduces the 2018 rate by 180 basis points. As we disclosed last month, we expect that US tax reform will be effectively neutral to both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share in 2018. However, we expect additional opportunities to be identified as we continue to refine our understanding of this legislation. In the fourth quarter of last year, the one-time charges related to the transition or toll tax, the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities and the withdrawal of the indefinite reinvestment decision reduced GAAP earnings by $78.5 million or $1.66 per share, but this amount was excluded from non-GAAP results. US tax reform did not have an impact on our non-GAAP result in 2017. Free cash flow in 2017 was $242 million, a decrease of approximately $20 million from $262 million in 2016. Free cash flow was below our November outlook of $265 million to $275 million because of two primary factors, the timing of capital projects and working capital, specifically DSOs. Capital expenditures of $82 million in 17 were $27 million higher than in 16 and $7 million above our prior outlook. In addition, DSOs ended the year at 60 days, which was higher than our expectation. However, we believe this was largely a timing issue and expect DSO will improve in 2018. This year, we expect free cash flow to be in a range of $250 million to $260 million, excluding MPI. The toll tax is expected to reduce free cash flow by approximately $15 million. Excluding the toll tax, free cash flow would increase by 9.5% to 13.5% over the 2017 level. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million in 2018 before factoring in MPIs capital requirements. The increase from 2017 will be driven primarily by additional projects to support growth, including continuing to add capacity in RMS China, biologics and the safety assessment business and modest investments in our own information systems. A summary of our 2018 financial guidance, excluding MPI can be found on slide 46. Including the [indiscernible] and assuming an early second quarter close, our guidance for 2018 would be reported revenue growth in a range of 16% to 18% and earnings per share in a range of $5.67 to $5.82. From a financial perspective, we believe this acquisition delivers compelling financial benefits, which will generate value for shareholders. It provides an attractive contribution to revenue growth and is immediately accretive to non-GAAP earnings. It will exceed or meet our return on invested capital hurdle rate within three to four years and it presents an opportunity to enhance MPIs operating margin with synergies of $13 million to $16 million by the end of 2019. Following the acquisition, our capital priorities will be focused on debt repayment. Our pro forma leverage ratio at closing is expected to be slightly below 3.5 times, which is similar to our post WIL debt level. At this time, we do not intend to repurchase any shares this year an absent any M&A activity, our goal will be to drive the leverage ratio below 3 times. Moving ahead to our first quarter outlook, we expect year-over-year revenue growth will be in the high single digits on a reported basis. Organic growth is expected to be in the mid-single digit range, due primarily to slower growth in the manufacturing segment. The biologics growth rate will be lower due to capacity constraints until we open our new Pennsylvania facility later this year. The RMS segment also faces a difficult prior year comparison due to the strong first quarter in 2017. First quarter earnings per share are expected to be moderately below last year's $1.29, due in part to meaningful headwinds from venture capital investment gains and the excess tax benefit from stock compensation, which totaled $0.05 and $0.15 respectively in the first quarter of 17. This year, we are forecasting $0.03 to $0.04 of these gains and expect the excess tax benefit will be approximately $0.10, creating a year-over-year headwind of $0.06 to $0.07 in the first quarter. When adjusting for these items, earnings per share growth is expected to be in the low single digits in the first quarter, primarily as a result of the year-over-year operating margin decline in the RMS segment. To conclude, we are pleased with our financial performance in 2017. We believe that 2018 is positioned to be an excellent year, particularly with the expected completion of the MPI acquisition early in the second quarter and the associated benefits this acquisition provides to our clients in Charles. We are also optimistic about our outlook for earnings per share growth this year. When adjusting for the previously mentioned headwinds, growth is 8% to 11%, excluding MPI and 13.5% to 16.5%, including MPI. In addition to the benefits from the MPI acquisition, we are confident in our ability to achieve our long-term targets of high single digit organic revenue growth and an operating margin greater than 20%, because of our ongoing focus on disciplined investing to support the growth of our businesses, our efforts to drive global efficiency, the speed and responsiveness with which we operate and our goal to enhance the relationships with our clients. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well go to Eric Coldwell with Baird.
Eric Coldwell: Questions on MPI. First off, I'm sorry if I missed any of this. Facility utilization, can you talk about where they are with their capacity utilization and also any additional commentary on overlap you might have with their client base or perhaps lack of overlap in terms of ability to crosssell or upsell into MPIs specific accounts?
Jim Foster: So Eric, we have a similar client base. So, Id say that highly complementary, their client base is largely small and medium size biotech clients and obviously that's been the major driver of our growth. As we said in our remarks, it's a very large facility, 1 million square feet, conservatively larger than the ones that we have. Facility has some capacity available, which we think is extremely opportune, both in terms of its geographic footprint and the scale and diversity of what they do at that site. It will allow us to expand smoothly into new space as we need it, probably in lieu of building it out somewhere else. So we think this will be a highly strategic facility addition to our portfolio and one that expands our capabilities in a few new areas, but also expands some of the areas that we are currently participating in a more robust way.
Eric Coldwell: Jim, can you share with us whether they were using Charles Rivers animal model business or in part or in whole or were they using other providers?
Jim Foster: I don't think we have a lot of details on that yet. So I'm going to modify my answer by saying that I suspect that they are meaningful client of ours. And we'll have to get back to you on the extent of that. Most of the large CROs are meaningful clients of us. So I suspect at least in part, Eric, this will add to our assertion that our largest client of the RMS business is indeed our DSA business as well. And additionally, regardless of what percentage of their research models came from us, we would hope to have an opportunity to supply more to them and there is just great operational elegance and symmetry in that, as we've seen in France in particular and as we've seen in other parts of our business across the world. The supply of the animal models is obviously critically important from both a timing point of view and the diversity of models point of view.
Operator: And our next question will go to the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies.
Dave Windley: Jim, I know you -- sounds like you want to kind of sunset comments around pricing in DSA. I wanted to explore margin improvement trajectory there. I guess I'm thinking about 2017 as being a year where the WIL acquisition achieved kind of its 20% target. I think you said on more of a sustainable basis. So margin contribution from WIL would have been positive, but you highlighted that year-over-year margins were under pressure a little bit for, I think you said, labor costs and some other things. So just wanted to understand the moving parts in margin in BSA and how you believe that can continue to improve over time?
Jim Foster: So, it's multi-factorial as we've discussed previously. It's the mix of work principally between specialty and general tox, which we tend to have more specialty than most. There will be some price. There will be continued enhanced capacity utilization. I think some of the aggressive hiring that we have been undertaking should moderate because we're close to being caught up. We continue to drive efficiency, as David said in his remarks, we saved 65 million -- we drove 65 million of efficiency savings in 17. It's going to be 60 to 65 again. A lot of that is in safety and some of that is in discovery. And while WILs margins got to where we wanted them to be north of 20%, they're still lower than legacy Charles River. So we have margin accretion there. Were happy that were starting with MPI, with margins higher than WILs where when we acquired them, but also lower than legacy Charles River. So we feel that there is improvement there. And then, the last piece with regard to the DSA segment is margin improvement in discovery as a whole. So when you roll that up, maybe, you want to talk about just safety or just DSA, we should have improving margins and we believe commensurate with the long term goals that we just upgraded.
Dave Windley: And Jim, the promotions that you announced today, congratulations to those two. I think natural progressions of two folks that have been with the organization for a long time. Could you talk about how your focus may evolve and perhaps what your horizon is?
Jim Foster: So. We're very pleased, as you say, to have two significant contributors to the company, take on large responsibilities, particularly as the company gets larger, I mean, just the advent of MPI makes us a larger more complex business. So we have to continue to parcel out the work to additional shoulders and of course there's a whole range of people who will be working with that for the two of them, who have new and different and somewhat enhanced jobs. As I said in my remarks, I look forward to continuing to work closely with them. We flagged the five year horizon for two reasons. One is that we look at the world that's in five year chunks, commensurate with our strategic plan and we really do think we can double the size of the business. I did not say explicitly in my remarks, but I will say explicitly in response to this question that I have just signed a five year contract with the company. So I intend to stay here and participate significantly, principally in my current role and more and more strategic focus I would say going forward.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask about the synergies. So the $13 million to $16 million you outlined, is that all in the cost side, and what are you targeting? And then what would the underlying MPI EBITDA growth be in 2018?
David Smith: So, the $13 million to $16 million is all to do with cost synergies, same as we did with WIL. We didn't feel at this stage we should be factoring in any revenue synergies. So our valuation model is based on the $13 million to $16 million in cost and slight subtlety with WIL. WIL, we said $17 million to $20 million over two years. With MPI, we're talking $13 million to $16 million by the end of '19, so slight difference in timeline there. As we've mentioned, we have called out that the LOI, the operating margin for MPI is slightly above 20%. And we do intend to be able to walk that up as we've been walking up on WIL to the sort of legacy safety assessment margins that we have.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then could you just give us a sense for the recent growth of MPI over the last few years. I know you gave us 2017 and 2019 range. But maybe just a little bit of a view on what the trailing has been, and then what gets us to the step up in 2019?
Jim Foster: MPI has been performing extremely well, at least at the same growth rates we have enjoyed. The diversity of their capabilities I think has made them an important partner for lots of companies, particularly small and large high-growth biotech clients. And we're confident because of their scientific footprint, and capability, and client interface, that they will be able to continue at similar growth rates going forward. We didn't justify this deal from a valuation model point of view on sales synergies. There are some cost synergies, so we called out. We of course have had some sales synergies with WIL. We'll really work hard to have clients have a positive experience with Charles River generally, and specifically with our MPI capabilities. So we would be disappointed if we didn't have some sales synergies, but premature to call those out specifically.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Hey, Jim, can you just talk a little bit more about the strategic review that you did? What's the sort of underlying macro view of your broader markets baked into that sort of updated five-year targets? And the organic revenue growth goals that you gave across the three segments, what do you think the underlying market growth is there versus some share gains that you think you can deliver over the next five years? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure. So, obviously we're in multiple markets that are somewhat disparate. I suspect your question is about DSA or maybe just SA. If it isn't let me know. So just to talk about that, our sense is that biotech is the principal driver, even though pharma is aggressively dismantling space and outsourcing a lot of work, we have some really interesting conversations going on right now with some big pharma companies to do more for them, both individually and collectively. But biotech has an enormous infusion of capital from the capital markets and directly from VC investments in big pharma. And so we think between being extremely well financed, having multiple breakthrough technologies, and the fact that, while not an enormous number, more drugs were approved last year than the year before. That the market dynamics are as good as we have ever seen them. And the breadth of our portfolio and our client interface, as evidenced by the fact that we work on 74% of the drugs that were approved last year, and we think that's a number that could increase, sort of puts us -- the epicenter might be an overstatement, but we're sort of in the middle of demand and needs that both pharma and biotech have to do work for them, and instead of them doing it internally, and in some cases to work -- to provide the interface between clients. We would say that the safety assessment market as a whole is growing at about 5%. So we have been growing in excess of the market. Obviously the denominator is getting bigger. We're pleased with the growth rate, we're pleased to be growing ahead of the market, we're pleased with an opportunity to continue to improve the margins. We're pleased with the scale and diversity of our clients, and our ability to play a greater role. And one of the raison d'tres of the organizational change with Davide and Birgit and others who are working with them besides their own talent, is the opportunity and necessity for us to have greater pull-through from Discovery into Safety, and some working backwards with clients -- current Safety clients who want to do Discovery work with us. And so managing those businesses as one without any demarcation from an operating point of view or a sales and marketing point of view, we believe we'll be very meaningful in terms of supporting the growth rates going forward.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Evans: Hey, Jim. The big picture question here for me is basically trying to square up your 2018 revenue guidance with your long-term targets. Long-term, you're looking for high single digits organic. 2018, your consolidated organic growth rate looks to be about 6%, which I would think is maybe just more like mid-single digits. And it looks like maybe you're expecting the DSA piece to be the thing that accelerates more in the longer term. And I guess the thing that I'm struggling with is it's hard to imagine living in a better environment than we're living in right now for DSA given where biotech hunting has been. What gives you -- number one, am I reading that correctly, is it really the DSA segment that bridges the gap between 2018 and the long-term target? And then secondly, what is it that creates that acceleration?
Jim Foster: So, there's multiple pieces that should contributed to the high single-digit growth rate. RMS delivering at low double digits, which it was very low -- sorry, low single digits. It was very low single-digit in '17. So we think as China grows and the services businesses grow, we should be able to do that. That's still a large business for it, albeit one that isn't growing as quickly as it was historically, although the China growth rates are significant. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, it was capacity constrained in the back-half of the year, so going forward, as we build more sites that should be significant. Discovery has also been a drag. And so we feel confident going forward that we should get an uplift there. We feel we should get continual uplift in safety as we provide more solutions to clients. And I guess most importantly, as we really get to execute and derive the benefit of having both Discovery and Safety and using them more in a comprehensive way, I think we've been a bit too siloed in the way we've thought about it, and sold it, and the way the clients have heard about it. Plus, Discovery still is feeling like a new business to a lot of clients. And so I think managing and selling in a more holistic basis should be extremely powerful. And then we would expect manufacturing to continue to deliver low double-digit organic growth rates. The Avian business has been a bit of a drag lately. We should be freed up from that as well. The whole notion for us, I think our principal and distinct competitive advantage is the breadth and diversity of the portfolio. And I think every year we're telling that story better, and every year we're having more of a pull-through, we're having more clients buy more from us than less, because it's a better value proposition, and it's better for them to manage that. I think as we continue to invest aggressively in our current businesses and add to that portfolio through M&A, and perhaps add some additional capabilities through M&A that that should also fuel the organic growth going forward.
Operator: And we'll move to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, good morning. So, Jim, when you talk about doubling the revenue over the next five-year period, obviously that includes the combination of organic growth and acquisition. So obviously you've just announced a very large acquisition, so -- but I guess never too early to talk about what's next. So, personally, what do you expect the leverage to be following the close of the acquisition? And when you think about kind of like your strategic plan in the next five-year, what do you think you need to kind of continue and augment growth?
Jim Foster: So, I'm going to let David talk about leverage in a second. But I just want to remind you that we like to hang out below three turns. So that's kind of our goal as we come off of acquisitions. Obviously this is the big one. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to integrate this one well because we did a really good job with WIL, probably our best integration effort and result. They're obviously not the same company, but WIL had multiple sites, and this is a single site, so we feel that we're going to be able to focus on this WIL. And of course we have a guy who was a senior WIL executive who is running a WIL site now and a Charles River site who's going to be full time on the integration. So we have a really strong feeling that the integration will go well. Having said that, we need to close it, and we hope that will be early in the second quarter, and then we need to get to work on the integration. And I think we need to do that before we move on to the next deal. Having said that, we have been active across multiple fronts, obviously in Safety, as you've just heard, definitely in Discovery, and in a few areas that we're not in, in Discovery. We actually have opportunities across most of our businesses, including RMS, including Biologics, including Microbial, and for sure in China. And what the cadence of those deals will be, it would be inappropriate for me to say because we can't really control it. But we have a very clear line of sight on what we would like to buy, what we can afford, and how we will feather those into the portfolio over the next, let's say, three to five years. And the whole purpose is not just scale. The purpose is to have a much better value proposition or much greater service offering for our clients, all of whom want that. So whether you're a second-year startup biotech company or the biggest pharma company, you just want to stop doing this work yourselves. And you don't want to find 15 partners to do it; you'd prefer to have one or two. So, we feel very good about our ability to afford these deal -- find them, afford them, and integrate them, and increasingly to promote them. And I'll let David talk to you about leverage.
David Smith: Yes, so about two years ago, when we bought WIL, we went to 3.5 turns. As we speak, at the end of 2017, we're actually at 2.2 turns. So it's interesting how it looks like it can be a bit of a repeat performance because the MPI acquisition will also take us back up to 3.5 turns, similar to where we were with WIL. And again, it is our intent to bring that leverage down below 3 turns.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then one follow-up, as we talk about the opportunity to grow with biotech customers, can you just remind us of anything about your revenue mix, where is biotech now versus pharma versus academics and government? And how do you think this mix will look like five years out?
Jim Foster: So, a little bit tough to slice that cleanly since so much of what's biotech sort of -- grey areas as it becomes pharma, and there's so much money from pharma going directly into biotech. So we don't spend as much time on the demarcation as we would like to. I think the last time we did at pharma was kind of 25% to 30%. And the biotech clients were probably 50% or 60%. I think academic was around 20%, so yeah, biotech -- biotech and other, which includes chemical companies and agricultural companies and CROs, et cetera. So, there's no question that we have a disproportionately fast growth in biotech clients which should continue. And so that demarcation between biotech and pharma to the extent that it's an important one will become even greater. And so we're spending a lot of our time thinking about how we do a better job communicating with and servicing clients who are in a race to get to market, and some of whom have a single compound, but we have organized ourselves to do that well.
Operator: And we'll go to Sandy Draper with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper: Thanks very much. A lot of my questions have been asked and answered, so I appreciate the commentary, and also add congratulations on the transaction and the promotions. Maybe, Jim, just a little bit on RMS and the outlook there. Obviously there are a couple of positives in terms of around China, some biotech, the negative especially big pharma in the US. When you think about the long-term, how much risk is there? How do you think about the risk of that business actually not doing low single-digits, but actually being in a moderate -- three to five years from now ending up being flat to slightly down. What would happen to drive that type of scenario? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes, we obviously don't think that's where we're headed, or we would have said that. We are confident that we will continue to get price. We always have, and always do. We get appropriate levels of price. And this is not a business -- this is not an activity that clients engage in. So animals are procured externally, and they're critical to getting your work done, so we will get price. We have a unique, and exquisite, and large geographic footprint even through we're trimming it with the Maryland facility, and have trimmed it previously. And if we had to, we hopefully don't, but if we had to we would trim it further if the demand wasn't there. We think we have growth opportunities principally in US, and secondarily in Europe to grow our share in the academic market, where I would say while we have significant dollar revenue we could have more. We have a huge pharma footprint and a huge biotech footprint, and a growing academic one. So I think that's in the offering. We will continue to have more specialty models that are higher value, and potentially higher margins. And the service businesses are performing well. They're not high-growth businesses, but they're low to approaching kind of mid-single-digit growers. They look good geographically. We have strong capabilities. So those should continue. Those aren't services that clients want to engage in internally. And of course, China is the big growth area, and it is a very nascent market, with competitors that I think we are doing well against, and continue to do well against. And it's really all about building out capacity -- sufficient capacity in advance of the demand. And it has the potential to be large enough to really stabilize the growth rate for this business. And we believe ensure that low single-digit growth that we were talking about.
Operator: And we'll go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for Derik. Our question is on the tax rate. You provided tax rate guidance of 25% to 26% for 2018, and excluding MPI. What can you tell us at this time about your anticipated tax rate in the out years, including MPI beyond 2019?
David Smith: So, while I'm not really going to comment beyond 2019, but I am certainly happy to comment about MPI; MPI being based entirely in the US actually fits quite nicely into the 2018 guidance that we've given on 25% to 26%. So we actually don't think that the acquisition of MPI is going to distort the effective tax rate for '18.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then regarding your recent acquisitions in the DSA segment, Brains On-Line and KWS Test; at what run rate of an M&A revenue contribution do you expect out of these two businesses?
Jim Foster: If youre talking about exact dollar amounts, we haven't given those. I would describe those businesses as quite small, but highly strategic from a scientific point of view. So, Brains On-Line enhances our CNS franchise, KWS enhances our oncology franchise, but they're not moving the needle very much in terms of top-line contribution.
Operator: And we'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tejas Savant: Hey guys, this is Tejas on for Tycho. Jim, just one big picture question here on MPI for you, you know, preserving the high-touch responsive feel of the service offering is probably very important to their customer's skew towards the mid-cap segment, how exactly post-integration do you expect to continue to preserve that within sort of the broader Charles River structure, particularly as you seek to drive some of those cost efficiencies that you talked about earlier on the call?
Jim Foster: We had a similar opportunity; let's put it that way, with WIL. We had a lot more small clients who had great expectations on personalized service, because we try to give personalized service to all of our clients. And so, I think we've done a very thoughtful professional job in making those clients feel good, keeping them close to us, and to the extent that they wanted to continue to work at a WIL site with the same study director; nothing really has changed. So we're going to be very cognizant and sensitive about the same need and desire from MPI clients and change as little as possible, except to probably have more consistency across SOPs and allow them the opportunity to work with other Charles River sites to get to no other Charles River sites and get to work with them if they want to. And if they are delighted with where they're at, which I suspect most of them will be, then we will preserve those opportunities for them. So we are buying this company because we think it's a very good company, with happy clients, they had a nice growth rate, they're profitable, they do very good science. And our responsibility is to embrace that and to extent that we can enhance the science and some of the capabilities, we will do that. To the extent that we can't enhance them, then we won't, we will herald what they're capable of doing. In terms of cost synergies, we've been working really hard for approaching a decade on driving efficiency. It's something that we've done progressively better from year-to-year. It's hard work. And we believe we can provide them with the same capabilities while enhancing their work. So that's an opportunity that we are excited about.
Tejas Savant: Got it. And then one quick follow-up sure, given that a bunch of these clients are presumably at the pre-revenue stage, is there any shift in terms of contracting structures perhaps that you need to put in place, or do you anticipate that your bad debt levels might pick up a little bit, or since it's all sort of upfront payments before the work begins, you don't really anticipate that as a real risk?
Jim Foster: We wouldn't anticipate that, does it as client basis significantly different, and the WIL client base, having said that, this deal has just been signed. We really haven't spent a lot of time studying this nor have we had access to lot of those materials. So we will be working our way through that during this interim integration period pre-close. We also have a team that look at client's worthiness in terms of ability to pay, letting down -- we do ask them pay ahead and actually we have had historically a very low bad debt write-off in our industry and in Charles River as well.
Operator: And we will go to line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Erin Wright: Hey, thanks. Can you comment on what you're seeing from the VC partnership? I know you shared some metrics in the past on that front. But can you give us an update on the traction there and how that's helping you to get new customers? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure. Very, very pleased with our VC relationship. Some of those as you know we are LPs and some we are not. The relationships are slightly different when we are LPs just in terms of the level of activity, amongst and between us, and more strategy with regard to therapeutic area of focus and some M&A. But increasingly the VCs like to work with us and get the benefit of our science and capability and value as if they were one large client, which is kind of the way we work with them to ensure that they have access to us in great response times. None of these little companies will ever, that's probably a fair statement, ever internalize the capabilities that we provide to them now. So, we are providing a significantly important capability for them. And of course you get so many new companies mentored by these VCs every year that access to this sort of work is really critical, we get the drugs filed, and to get them in market. I think the last time we reported on this, collective revenue from our VCs was approaching a 100 million. That should continue obviously to increase both as we have new services and we reach out to more VCs, and they meant more companies. So very, very important part directionally of our client base; most of the new companies are literally virtual, small number of people buying everything externally. All they own is IP, and theyre very much dependent upon us. And so, our job is to communicate effectively with them often, and to help them with regulatory filings and interpretation of data. And they really make us better. They really demand explicit science and fast turnaround time. So, we are enjoying our relationships with them a lot.
Erin Wright: And just a quick clarification in terms of MPI growth rate, you said a similar growth profile to yours, is that on an organic basis?
Jim Foster: Yes, MPI haven't done any acquisitions.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one last question, and it will come from George Hill with RBC. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning guys, and thanks for squeezing me in. I guess, Jim, most of my questions has being answered, I guess the last thing I would come back to is that if we think about like the emerging and development stage biopharma companies, the venture-funded companies, it sounds like given the visibility you guys have assumed that the current growth rate continues, I just want to think about how do we think about the risk to the guidance, should we see some type of funding slowdown should something in that end-market reverse or stagnate?
Jim Foster: Yes, it's bit of an imponderable. I mean there is always that risk we suppose. Those companies are exquisitely well-financed currently, there's multiple years of cash in the bank. There is more cash available, we believe if the companies hit the milestones and continue to get drugs on the market that are novel, and are treating or curing diseases, and pharma is very is becoming very much dependent, reliant on these companies as the discovery engines and of course end up buying some of the companies are minimally having a deal with them. So, it's not -- look, at anything's possible. It's not foreseeable at all. This is a fundamentally different market that we're in, and the scourge of 2008, in terms of numbers of biotech companies, in terms of prominence and success in terms of their getting drugs to market and relationships with pharmas and pharma company's independence on us. So, look, we watch those numbers carefully. We watch the sort of demand curve and the ebbs and flows from these clients to see if we have any even early indications of funding slowdowns. And we haven't heard anything from any clients that they have a concern, and I think it's unlikely for the long-term foreseeable future.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us on the conference call this morning. We look forward to seeing you at the Leerink conference tomorrow or Raymond James or Barclays conferences in March. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to now turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our third quarter results and updated guidance for 2017. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844 and the access code in either case is 413675. The replay will be available through November 23. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 14, 2017, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. I'm pleased with our third quarter results, which demonstrate the strength of our global business. Demand for our products and services remained strong as clients chose to partner with Charles River to take advantage of our unique portfolio of scientific expertise. We have the ability to support clients from target discovery through nonclinical development, a capability that we believe improves the effectiveness and efficiency of our clients' drug research processes and one we believe is unmatched by any other early-stage CROs. Our belief was reconfirmed by two sell-side analyst surveys issued in October, which identified Charles River as the best-positioned CRO to win preclinical work. We will never take our position for granted and will utilize our entrepreneurial culture to identify new paths in which to execute our strategy. We intend to continue to expand our unique portfolio, add to our management and scientific bench strength, enhance our already best-in-class client service, and implement systems that provide critical data for both internal and client use. In addition, we maintain an intense focus on efficiency and responsiveness, which enables us to provide exceptional flexible service to clients without adding significant costs. We are focused on the successful execution of our strategy which is the basis for our performance year-to-date, our expectations for 2017 and beyond, and our ability to deliver value to shareholders. Let me give you the highlights of our third quarter performance. We reported revenue of $464.2 million, a 9% increase over the third quarter of last year. Our broad portfolio of essential early stage drug research and manufacturing products and services delivered strong organic growth at 6.3%. From a client perspective, our Biotech clients were the primary driver of the revenue increase. Sales to these clients increased in each of our business segments. The operating margin was 18.8%, a 90-basis point decrease year-over-year. The decline was driven by the RMS segment, where low revenue growth has impacted the consolidated margin, as well as higher corporate costs. As you know, the RMS operating margin is highly leveraged to Research Model volume, and volumes outside of China had trended lower. In order to improve the operating efficiency of our Research Model business, we are closing our production facility in Maryland. Earnings per share were $1.30 in the third quarter, an increase of 10.2% from $1.18 in the third quarter of 2016. The increase was due primarily to higher revenue and venture capital investment gains. We remain enthusiastic about the outlook for our businesses and continue to invest in our growth through strategic acquisitions, facility expansions and additional staffing. Demand for our products and services is robust and we continue to gain market share, which supports our expectations for revenue and earnings per share growth in 2017. With only the fourth quarter remaining, we are narrowing our organic revenue growth range to 6.5% to 7.25% and non-GAAP earnings per share to a range of $5.08 to $5.18. I'd like to provide you the details on the third quarter segment performance beginning with the RMS segment. RMS segment revenues was $122 million, an increase of 0.4% on an organic basis over the third quarter of last year. Our Research Model business in China delivered another exceptional performance and our global Insourcing Solutions and GEMS businesses also performed well. These are the businesses which we believe will primarily support our long-term expectation of low single-digit growth for the RMS segment. As we've mentioned previously to support the growth opportunities in China, we are expanding production with a new site in the Shanghai area. Construction is now complete, and we expect to begin shipping models from this site in early 2018. Because the Research Model markets outside of China are mature, volume growth is limited. The use of Research Models has changed over time with different screening technologies, more efficient study design and the use of higher-value specialty models, which are more predictive of human disease, combining to reduce the volume of models used in drug research. In addition, global biopharmaceutical companies have engaged in significant infrastructure consolidation over the last decade, which has also reduced Research Model volume. Despite these changes, Research Models remain an essential regulatory-required, low-cost scientific tool for early development research, and are a vital component of our portfolio. The expertise we have developed in Research Model technologies has provided a foundation on which our Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses rely, and these businesses are the largest customer of our Research Model business. Given the importance of the production business to Charles River, it's incumbent upon us to ensure that we operate it as efficiently as possible. To that end, we implemented an action this week to close our Research Model production facility in Maryland before the end of 2018 and consolidate production in our other facilities. We will continue to provide the same Research Model strengths to clients without interruption of availability or service. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin declined by 180 basis points to 25.5%, due primarily to lower volume in Research Model business outside of China. In addition to the closure of our Maryland site, which we expect will generate savings in 2019, we continue to invest in automation of our Research Model business. Our goal is to maintain our leadership position in the Research Model marketplace and support our Discovery and Safety Assessment businesses, while sustaining an RMS operating margin in the high-20% range. DSA revenue in the third quarter was $246.9 million, an 8.1% increase on an organic basis. The Discovery Services business was stable, and Agilux again performed better than our expectation. The integration has proceeded smoothly, and we are gaining additional business from Charles River clients, now that we can offer the Agilux portfolio of services. This is the reason that we continue to make acquisitions in the Discovery space when they are available and fit our criteria. Having a broader portfolio of Discovery Services enables us to work with clients earlier and bring them downstream to our Safety Assessment and Manufacturing Services. And for clients with whom we work in Safety Assessment, our Discovery portfolio enables them to move upstream and utilize our capabilities rather than internal infrastructure or other CROs. This improves the efficiency and effectiveness of our clients' drug research efforts, and we believe that our clients recognize this value. The Early Discovery business recently delivered its 77th development candidate to a client, enhancing our reputation for scientific expertise in the discovery of novel molecules. We believe this is driving demand for our services especially with biotech clients. Next year, when we have anniversaried the large, integrated programs, which were completed in 2016, we expect the revenue growth rate should improve. We base our expectation on the fact that when adjusting for those integrated programs, the growth rate in 2017 was higher as many of our biotech clients either initiated or continue to work with us on integrated programs and other projects. Revenue growth for Safety Assessment was in the high single digits, and we continue to expect to report high single-digit growth for the full year. Bookings and backlog in the third quarter were strong. Capacity remained well-utilized, and the mix of services was favorable. Pricing has increased, but at a slower rate than last year. The critical factor driving our growth is that clients are increasingly choosing Charles River as their early-stage drug research partner, relying on us to provide the scientific expertise they need to advance drugs through the discovery and development process rather than maintaining or building these capabilities in-house. We believe that growth in our Safety Assessment business will continue to be driven by demand for outsourced services and market share gains. Biotech clients were the primary drivers of Safety Assessment revenue growth in the third quarter, Biotech funding from the capital markets exceeded the third quarter of last year, and this year's second levels, making this the fifth consecutive quarter of funding growth and putting 2017 on track to be one of the strongest years for biotech funding. We continue to believe that the willingness of the markets, VCs, and global biopharma companies to fund biotech companies is a clear indicator that biotechs are identifying promising therapeutics with the potential to treat or cure diseases that were previously untreatable. Many biotech companies, whether midsized, small or virtual, Charles River is the clear choice when partnering with a CRO who can support their drug research efforts across the early stage continuum. Our broad portfolio, scientific expertise, superior client service, responsiveness, speed, flexibility, and collaborative working style help our clients bring drugs to market faster and more efficiently to the millions of people who need them. The DSA operating margin declined 30 basis points to 22.4% in the third quarter compared to a year-ago period due primarily to foreign exchange. As we initially guided, WIL's operating margin was above 20% in the quarter, and we expect that we will exit 2017 with WIL's margin above 20%. The Manufacturing Supports segment reported a robust third quarter with revenue of $95.3 million. The organic growth rate was 10%, led by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing Solutions businesses. For Microbial Solutions, the primary driver of third quarter revenue growth was demand for our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges. Like the first half of 2017, demand for our PTS family of products was robust in the third quarter. A PTS is a rapid testing system, which improves the efficiency of the manufacturing process and for which there is no competitive alternative. In addition to its benefits for manufacturers, the unique characteristics of the PTS have also made it an excellent choice for other clients, such as nuclear pharmacies who have no viable rapid testing tool to enable them to best comply with regulatory testing requirements. The continued expansion of the installed base of machines is driving higher cartridge sales, and the enhancements we made to our cartridge manufacturing process last year are resulting in improved operating leverage. We are very pleased with the performance of the Microbial Solutions business. The advantages of our unique portfolio, which includes both rapid endotoxin and bioburden testing systems and microbial identification libraries, continue to resonate with clients. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver low double-digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The Biologics business again recorded robust revenue in the third quarter. We're very pleased with the performance of this business, which provide services that support the manufacturer of biologics and biosimilars, including process development and quality control. The increasing number of biologics and biosimilars in development represent a significant opportunity for our Biologics business, which is why we have meaningfully invested in this business in order to position it to compete effectively in the outsourced services market. For the last few years, we have invested in staff in order to enhance our scientific expertise and accommodate the higher volume of work as we won new business in our facilities so that we have the capacity to accommodate new work, and in our business development team to improve our client service and better identify new opportunities. We also expanded our Biologics portfolio through the acquisition of Blue Stream last year in order to provide a comprehensive portfolio of services that support biologic and biosimilar development. As clients increasingly recognize the value of our Biologics portfolio, our speed and responsiveness, and our flexibility and structuring working relationships, the demand for our services increases. Based on the strong demand, we undertook a moderately larger expansion this year and expect further investment next year. We are also continuing to hire staff. We believe that investment in our Biologics business is particularly important now when more work is being outsourced and we can gain share to support our growth in the coming years. The Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin was 36.5%, a 270-basis-point improvement year-over-year. The increase was due primarily to higher revenue from the PTS family of products and the benefit of investments we made to improve our cartridge manufacturing process. In addition, an inventory adjustment related to our Avian products also contributed. We were very pleased with the operating margin, which continued to exceed our long-term low-30% target. We have differentiated Charles River as the early stage CRO partner of choice based on our unique portfolio of essential products and services, which increases our relevance to our clients' drug research, development, and manufacturing efforts, on our scientific expertise and depth, which we believe is unique and unparalleled in the early-stage CRO universe, and on our global network of facilities, which enables clients to work with us in close proximity to their operations, and because of our intense focus on efficiency and responsiveness, which enables us to provide exceptional, flexible service to clients without adding significant cost. As a result of our intense focus on our business, Charles River has grown significantly in the past five years. Since 2013, through both internal growth and acquisitions, we have increased revenue, non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow by more than 50% or compound annual growth rates of approximately 12%, 15% and 13% respectively. Revenue growth at nearly 60% has challenged the organization to maintain and enhance its quality of service and responsiveness, which is one of the reasons we have hired significant numbers of staff in 2016 and 2017. We believe the coming years will present a significant opportunity for continued growth as large biopharma companies increase their reliance on outsourcing, the number of biotech companies expands, and academia relies on CROs like Charles River to help them navigate the drug development process. In order to be prepared for our future growth, we will continue to invest in strategic acquisitions, which is always our preferred use of capital because it enables us to expand our unique portfolio in order to enhance our ability to support our clients' drug research efforts. We will continue to make investments in facilities, so that we have the capacity to accommodate the demand for our services. We will continue to increase staff, adding both our scientific and management bench strength. We want to enhance our scientific capabilities in order to ensure that we can more fully support our clients across the early stage spectrum. And we want to ensure that we have the management depth required to manage our existing business and future growth. These investments are putting some near-term pressure on the operating margins, but we believe they are imperative to maintain and enhance our position as the premier early-stage CRO to continue to differentiate Charles River from the competition, to support our future growth and to create value for shareholders. We are very pleased with the performance of our collective portfolio in the third quarter and for the year-to-date. There will continue to be quarterly variations in segment growth rates, but over the long-term, we expect the consolidated portfolio will deliver high single-digit organic revenue growth, earnings per share growth at a higher rate than revenue and strong free cash flow. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'll ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results and updated 2017 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs relating primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the impact of the divestiture of the CDMO business, and certain other items. Many of my comments on the third quarter and full year will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, and the impact of foreign currency translation. Full-year organic growth also excludes the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. In the third quarter, we were pleased that most of our businesses continued to deliver strong performances, resulting in organic revenue growth of 6.3%. Microbial Solutions, Biologics, Safety Assessment, and Research Models China performed well, and we firmly believe that these businesses will continue to be important drivers of future growth. In the third quarter, our consolidated operating margin declined by 90 basis points to 18.8%, primarily driven by a 180-basis-point decrease in the RMS operating margin, and also due to higher corporate costs. As Jim mentioned, we have committed to close our Research Model facility in Maryland before the end of 2018, which will improve our RMS operating efficiency. Associated with this planned closure, we expect to incur impairment and related charges in the fourth quarter of $16 million to $20 million or $0.20 to $0.25 per share, which will be excluded from non-GAAP results. Most of these charges will be noncash. The goal of this action is to align our RMS infrastructure with anticipated demand and to sustain the RMS operating margin in the high-20% range. The closure of the Maryland site will generate modest cost savings in 2018, as we wind down operations and transition production activities to other sites. We expect to generate annualized savings of at least $3 million starting in 2019. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $5.5 million year-over-year to $34 million in the third quarter, reflecting personnel investments over the past year and higher expenses primarily related to planned investments in IT projects. For the year, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs will be approximately 7% of total revenue. Earnings per share of $1.30 were above our expectations, increasing 10.2% year-over-year, but were in line with our prior outlook when adjusting for venture capital investment gains and the excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation. Venture capital investment gains totaled $0.07 in the third quarter and the excess tax benefit added $0.02. This compares favorably to our prior third quarter forecast, which included nothing for venture capital gain and a nominal benefit for the excess tax benefit. Our venture capital relationships have become a core aspect of our biotech sales strategy because our investments enable us to gain preferred access to a growing number of emerging biotech companies in the VC portfolio. This year, we are on pace to achieve the highest level of revenue and investment gain since we commenced our VC investment strategy in 2009. We have recorded venture capital investment gains of $0.15 year-to-date through September. Historically, we have not forecasted gains beyond the annual $0.04. However, we know that one of the portfolio companies completed an IPO in October, which we expect will generate a $0.02 gain on our VC investments and have therefore included this amount in our fourth quarter outlook. Investment gains were not our primary objective for entering into these relationships. The driving force was and remains the relationships forged with emerging biotech clients at the earliest stages of drug research and working with them to support their efforts through the discovery and early-stage development process. The success of this strategy is demonstrated by the revenue generated from the VC relationships, which is on pace to eclipse $90 million in 2017. In addition, the average annualized return on the revenue generated from and investments in our venture capital relationships continues to exceed 20%, which is well above our cost of capital and hurdle rate. The excess tax benefits associated with stock compensation, which resulted from required adoption of the new FASB rule, ASU 2016-09, at the beginning of this year, now totals $0.20 per share year-to-date through September. This was higher than our original estimate for the year as a result of the stock price appreciation in 2017 and related option exercise activity. Based on the option exercise activity in October, and consistent with last quarter, we have also included a small benefit in our fourth quarter outlook. Third quarter net interest expense of $7.5 million increased slightly on a sequential basis due to higher borrowing costs associated with the Federal Reserve rate increase in June and higher debt balances. For 2017, we expect net interest expense to be approximately $29 million, at the low end of our initial guidance range for the year. The non-GAAP tax rate was 26.6% in the third quarter. As we discussed in August, we expected the tax rate to be below the second quarter level of 29.4% because of a discrete benefit related to a tax audit settlement. In addition, the excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation of $900,000 or $0.02 per share also reduced the tax rate. For the year, we now expect the tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 27.5%, which is at the lower end of our previous range. Free cash flow was $37.5 million in the third quarter, a decrease of approximately $25 million from the third quarter of last year. The reasons for the decrease were the timing of capital expenditures, which increased by $12.4 million to $22 million in the third quarter, and the timing of certain working capital items that are expected to normalize by the end of the year. We continue to expect free cash flow to be in a range of $265 million to $275 million for the year, and our revised CapEx outlook is approximately $75 million. We continue to believe that strategic acquisitions remain our best use of capital. Dependent on the timing of acquisition opportunities, we expect to favor debt repayment over stock repurchases in the fourth quarter of 2017 and throughout 2018. In the third quarter, we repurchased 350,000 shares for a total cost of $36 million. With the year-to-date repurchases totaling $90.6 million dollars, we exceeded the original value that we allocated to stock repurchases for the year. Despite the higher spend, we did not fully offset dilution from equity awards because of the timing of repurchases, stock price appreciation and additional option exercises. This created a small earnings per share headwind in the third quarter and the year. Total debt increased by approximately $39 million during the third quarter, primarily as a result of borrowing related to stock repurchases and the Brains On-Line acquisition in August. Our leverage ratio also increased slightly to 2.35 times but is still below the 2.5 times threshold that of course is a lower borrowing rate. For 2017, we updated our guidance as follows: Organic revenue growth is expected to be in a range of 6.5% to 7.25% for the year compared to our original outlook of 7% to 8.5% growth. The revised outlook reflects slower organic revenue growth expectations for both the RMS and DSA segments of low single-digit and high single-digit growth, respectively. We continue to expect organic revenue growth of 10% or higher in the Manufacturing Support segment. The consolidated operating margin is now expected to be similar to the 2016 level of 19.2%, below our original outlook for the year and our long-term target of 20% because of the RMS margin pressure, as well as investments in staffing to support growth principally in the DSA segment and Biologics business. We raised our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $5.08 to $5.18 or an increase of $0.055 as a midpoint, primarily as a result of the incremental venture capital investment gains in the second half of the year. For the fourth quarter, reported revenue growth is expected to be in the low single digits due primarily to the impact of the 53rd week in 2016, which was required in 2016 to align with the December 31st calendar yearend. The 53rd week will reduce the fourth quarter growth rate by nearly 5%. On an organic basis, excluding the 53rd week, we expect the year-over-year revenue growth rate will be similar to the third quarter level. We expect sequential improvement from the third quarter reported revenue driven by increases in DSA and Manufacturing Support revenue. We also expect the operating margin will improve on a sequential basis. But higher revenue and operating income will be offset by the unfavorable effect of non-operating items. These unfavorable items include our forecast of venture capital investment gains of $0.02, which is a $0.05 headwind from the third quarter and a sequential increase in the tax rate. As a result, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be below the third quarter levels. To close, we remain committed to our focus on enhancing the relationships with our clients, investing in initiatives to support these clients in our long-term growth prospects, driving global efficiency, and deploying capital effectively. We believe this focus positions the company for continued long-term success, and higher returns for our shareholders. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Want to kind of hone in on some of the comments you made, Jim, on pricing trends. You noted they were  pricing increases were slower relative to last year. Just curious if you can elaborate on that. Are competitors getting a little bit more irrational on pricing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I would say not. We're enjoying terrific demand in the preclinical business. Bookings have strong capacities, well utilized, we're enjoying a really positive mix these days of specialty versus gentox (33:38). We're getting price, and we're using price periodically and strategically to both win and gain and hold market share. So, we're also pleased with our share growth. So, I wouldn't say that there's any irrational activity going on in the marketplace, but a tool being used intermittently to build share.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze in one follow-up on margins. You're making a lot of incremental investments at the moment. As we think ahead to 2018, can you give us a sense of where you are just generally in the investment cycle around facilities and staff? Should we think about 2018, in other words, being another big investment year or do you start to get the margin leverage? I'm sorry.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So we don't want to talk too much about 2018 but I would say that we've  some of our investment in staff has been to catch-up. And we're pleased to have to catch-up. In other words, business has been so good, demand has been so intense that  particularly in the DSA segments and Biologics, we've been hiring a lot of people. If you look at the fact that, it took Charles River 66 years to reach $1 billion in sales and we're on this track to hit a couple of billion in the next  in four years. Post that, that's just a lot of people to add to the organization, to train them, and have them be able to do exceptional work. So, I suspect, without getting too much into 2018, because our plan isn't even...I suspect we'll add people again next year. I suspect there'll be less catch-up next year than we've had perhaps this year and last. So, I think that a lot of those expenditures have taken place.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Jim, it seems like your growth outlook for Tox is just a little bit more modest than maybe a quarter or two ago. Could you just expand upon what you're seeing in the market if we're reading that correctly? Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. We're not seeing any fundamental changes in the market at all. So, biotech is extremely well funded. Biotech is the primary client base that's driving our sales growth. We have a plethora of new clients. We have VC firms introducing us to their start-up companies. We're seeing pharma dismantle space. We're seeing interesting structural moves with our competition, where as I said earlier, where we're gaining share generally every once in a while through being more aggressive with price but, in large measure, because of the breadth of our portfolio. We've been saying for the last  for all of these years, as far as we're concerned, that we're tracking at or around 10% and that's scaling now more around 10% to slightly less. This is a very big, robust business. And so, at some point, this double-digit growth rate is probably mathematically  it will kind of be elusive for ourselves. So, I wouldn't read anything into that. We're just kind of clarifying the reality. We don't have predictable growth rates from quarter-to-quarter in this business. So, we've had quarters that have been 10% and higher. We've got quarters that had been in high single-digits. It's just feeling like that for this year. And when we give our guidance for next year, we'll tighten that one up as well, okay?
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you. And maybe one quick follow-up, kind of a macro. We hear from a lot of companies pretty consistently that the broad industry pipeline is shifting towards higher complexity and more specialized type of disease categories and products. Assuming you agree with that, what does that mean for your businesses? Is that a tailwind or a headwind for how that sort of filters into the kind of services that you provide and how quickly that turns into revenue for you?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It means that our Tox studies have become increasingly more complex. And so that will  maybe that's adding a little bit to the head count but it's also adding to the top line and the margin contribution because those studies are more expensive. So, I think that that's been actually rather a natural evolution over the last few years. It just seems like our studies are getting increasingly more complicated. That also is a way for us to simply show ourselves from our competitors who perhaps can't respond and perform as well to these complex study designs. So, we like it.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, on that the RMS business, just a couple of questions. So, I guess were you capacity constrained in China and just sort of talking about the sort of growth that you'll see once those facilities comes online. And then just  in the more developed markets, I mean, are you expecting to see any sort of uptick in academic demand from those  for the Research Models business?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, the last question, I would say, we hope so. We're focused heavily on that. It is an area, Derik, where while we have large revenue on a percentage basis, it's relatively small, certainly compared to pharma and biotech. And it's an area as the pricing has levels between us and the competition, I think our outreach has improved that we have been gaining some progress and that's certainly plausible, particularly for U.S. and Europe. And China, it's a great problem and opportunity and challenge and realities. So, we're growing significantly fast in that business. We don't break up the exact growth rate, but it's, I think, our fastest-growing business. It has great margins even though it's got probably lower prices because it's lower cost structure as well. Yeah, we're pretty slow, but we're keeping up with demand. Revenue probably could be higher if we could have built and opened our new facilities faster, but we did  we've done it as quickly as humanly possible. Actually, I just got back from China. A spectacular facility, up to Charles River's standard. It's as good as any of our facilities anywhere. It's quite large. It's quite close to Shanghai but not in the middle of it. So, cost structure will be lower. Our ability to make daily deliveries will be there. And yeah, we should see nice growth in China, I'm sure  we hope for next year.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And if I can squeeze in a follow-up. On the Discovery businesses, you highlighted it was stable. Can you talk a little bit more about that? And then, are you still looking for M&A additions in the Discovery space?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, we're looking at M&A across pretty much all of our business segments, believe it or not, and Discovery, I would say, is first among equals. It's also  it's a relatively modest number of potential acquisitions and many of them are small. So, yes, yes, looking at  talking to companies real-time, but, yeah, we hope it's an area that we flesh out further through acquisition. And the Discovery business has just  all of the metrics are positive, enhanced management team, enhanced sales team and methodology, more clients, more deals, some creative deals. Agilux, which is our most recent acquisition, is crushing its acquisition plan. The Early Discovery business, which is our big chemistry business, is stabilizing. And the In Vivo businesses, the Oncology and CNS businesses have been performing well. So, the segment is becoming more important strategically both with safety clients as we said in the prepared remarks and vice versa and a segment of our business that we're going to focus on to enhance our capabilities both through internal investment and M&A.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the Discovery trends. Obviously, revenue has been choppy, sort of stable, maybe that's better for the quarter. Can you just comment on the work backlog you have, and when do you think the performance can pivot higher and this can be a real growth driver?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. We would hope to see an uptick in that business next year. And the piece, as I said earlier, that's sort of been holding the business back is the Early Discovery business, which had some very big pharmaceutical clients with some attractive and lucrative milestone deals where the milestones hit. And once those rolled off, the year-over-year comparisons have been arduous. So, as we've annualized and lapped those and strengthen the business and signed a bunch of additional deals, we're quite optimistic about next year. The rest of the portfolio  and by the way, the only Discovery piece is the largest piece of the portfolio. So it has a disproportionate impact. But the rest of portfolio is performing extremely well. So we would hope that Discovery would begin to contribute in more meaningful ways next year without getting too deep into next year. Our goals for that business, in addition to it being an important strategic tool for us, was to grow rapidly and to be a driver of our overall growth and to continue to grow significantly both in that measure but also through M&A. So, we really feel like we have that business at a very strong jumping-off point right now and we look forward to it improving.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And as a follow up, on the Safety Assessment side, I'd be curious if you could opine just on outsourcing and whether you're seeing  has there been any change in the demand for pharma to outsource their services that you're seeing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: No. The outsourcing demand  we probably say this every quarter, but we'll say it again. It's as good as we've seen it. There's no evidence of anything except more pharma companies, several of whom we are in conversations with, reducing infrastructure and outsourcing more work, and actually some opportunities with some of them, with some outsourcing Discovery work as well. There is just a consistently growing number of biotech companies that exist and who need our services. And because of our resourcefulness and responsiveness and, in some measure, because of our relationships with the venture folks, we just have a large number of those clients who are extremely well-financed. We reckon that there's still three-plus years of cash in their bank accounts. So we never hear any concern about affordability. So demand is extremely good. We're doing very well against the competition, and the business remains extremely strong.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Jim.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. This is Nathan Rich on for Bob this morning. On the RMS business, what are the biggest factors you guys are looking for to get margins back towards that high 20% target that you have and how much is capacity an issue for this business? And just wondering if we should expect limited upside to margins until you close the Maryland facility next year?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think you'll see on a year-to-date basis for this year that operating margins well off, still in the high-20s. So, we don't overreact to anything here. I would say our capacity utilization in the Research Models business has forever been really tight and well-managed, and we periodically have a situation like we have now where we're slightly out of sync. We had it a few years ago with a facility in Michigan. This facility that we're closing is relatively small, poorly utilized, was built for the government for an NCI contract, which was rolled off. We're going to keep the revenue that we would have gotten from that facility without the drag. So that should help the margin. We're always looking at capacity utilization. We're always looking at price. We're always doing what we can to sell more specialty models so that we have a better mix. All of those things are in play. We have this big driver from China, and our service offerings driving that business. And by the way, the Service businesses have extremely good operating margins. The operating margins are not dilutive; in fact, they're beneficial. So, we're hopeful that we will deliver high 20% operating margins in that business on a forward-going basis and that we will continue to do what's necessary to run it efficiently, both to be able to respond to demand or respond when the demand is insufficient. We're certainly logarithmically stronger than the competition and larger and more proximate than the competition. So, we'll maximize that business given the realities of the sheer numbers of Research Models having declined probably over the last three decades. It's not a new phenomenon.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: And just to put the comments that Jim started with into context, it could have been the first nine months of this year, year-to-date, RMS margin is 27.7%, so well within the expectation. This is more about making sure that we can maintain or grow that for the future.
Nathan Rich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for the question.
Operator: And our final question Comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thank you. Good morning. So a couple of questions here. First one, Jim, on acquisition, to your point, expect to continue and be acquisitive and part of the growth in your budget is based on that. But to your point, you also are of sizable scale now. So, how are you thinking of acquisition? What type? How big of an acquisition should we expect? And how should we think about your leverage and potential opportunities?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So deal flow is good, Ricky, so there's lots of things we are seeing. And as I said earlier, literally across every piece of the segment. So there's potential in Discoveries. There may be in Safety; there may be in RMS, there may be in Biologics, I mean, with the whole shooting match, which is actually pretty exciting. They come in range of sizes, and I would say that many of them are on the small side, and while they're just as challenging to do from a due diligence point-of-view and sometimes worse, we do them when they're strategically or scientifically powerful like we did a very small deal, I think, last quarter, Brains On-Line, which added some CNS testing capabilities that we didn't have, and that no one else in the world has. So we'll do those as they come up. I would say that at our size, if we could write the script, which we can a little bit depending on what's available, we love the size of the WIL deal. So, it's $0.25 billion in revenue, moves the needle. It enhances our client's breadth, it enhances our geographic breadth, service breadth, and it just matters. Plus, it's been wildly accretive. And it wasn't cheap, but it was affordable. It was $600 million and we could finance it ourselves. So, we like to keep our leverage below 3 turns. We have had that creep up to, I think, 3, 4 is as high as it got. But we'd actually let it get up to 3.5 or maybe a little bit higher temporarily to do a larger deal with the knowledge that with the additional free cash flows and our historical free cash flows that we could get that down below 3 turns. So, there are no giant deals, if that's sort of what you're asking. I'm not sure we would want one if there was one available, but there's nothing really, really large that we are either looking for or exists. So, even the deals that are on the larger size would be more like WIL. And then, there would be smaller than that. So, as we look at our portfolio and we are  we don't really control when it come to market, although sometimes we can. And we think about the valuation model. But we run on them, that we feel there are deals throughout there that are affordable, that would be accretive, that would help our top line and bottom line, and most importantly, enhance the portfolio in ways that make us competitively stronger than we are now. And that's really the only reason we should do an acquisition is to enhance the portfolio, and not just simply to be bigger. I do think we have an extremely professional, reasonably large, full-time integration team now that allows us to do a much better job on the integration, which obviously ensures the smooth complementary relationship between the buyer and the seller, but also our ability to deliver on the synergies that we often have and to deliver the accretion that we have. So, we feel apparently good about the universe and our affordability and the deal flow and we will be disappointed  I was going to say surprised. I don't know if I'd be surprised. We'd be disappointed if we don't get the deals done in 2018 just given the deal flow.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then one question on China. I mean, we're hearing from some players in the pharmaceutical chain about just constant (54:30) regulatory changes on the product side. Are you seeing any changes or any indication that this could change on the regulatory environment on your end?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Not really. We're seeing China begin to protect its residents from the massive pollution there. So you see some more environmental effect that have added a little bit of cost at some of the locations. But besides that, nothing that would hinder our business. We have similar regulatory oversight bodies that kind of oversee quality of the animal care and quality of our production facility. I was just there, as I said, last week and it was kind of like going to our facilities anywhere else in the world. So, we're not seeing anything surprising or unusual nor is there anything rumored to be. And our clients, our Chinese  our clients for our Chinese Research Model facility are Chinese companies. So we're primarily  not primarily, we're entirely supporting that marketplace.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings conference call. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tejas R. Savant - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Sandy Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our second quarter results and updated guidance for 2017. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844 and the access code in either case is 426543. The replay will be available through August 23 and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 14, 2017, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. I'm very pleased to say that the positive factors which contributed to the strong start to the year continued in the second quarter of 2017. Demand for our products and services remained robust, as clients chose to partner with Charles River to take advantage of our strong portfolio and scientific expertise. We have the ability to support clients from target discovery through non-clinical development, a capability that we believe improves the effectiveness and efficiency of our clients drug research process and one we believe is unmatched by other early-stage CROs. We believe clients recognize the advantages of working with us as evidenced by the fact that we work on more than 70% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2016. In order to maintain and enhance our position as the premier early-stage research partner, we intend to continue to expand our unique portfolio, add to our management and scientific bench strength, enhance our already best-in-class client service and implement systems that provide critical data for both internal and client use. We are focused on the successful execution of our strategy, which is the basis of our performance year-to-date, our expectations for 2017 and beyond, and our ability to deliver value to shareholders. Let me give you the highlights of our second quarter performance. We reported revenue of $469.1 million in the second quarter of 2017, an 8.1% increase over the prior year quarter. Our portfolio delivered strong organic growth of 7.1%, driven primarily by our Biotech and Other clients segment. Sales for these clients increased in each of our business segments. The operating margin was 20%, an increase of 50 basis points year-over-year. We were very pleased with the margin improvement, which was driven primarily by the DSA segment. The RMS margin declined year-over-year due primarily to volume and through the investments we are making to expand capacity in China. The Manufacturing margin declined slightly year-over-year, due in part to investments we are making to support growth in our Biologics business. However, both the RMS and Manufacturing margins were well within our targeted range. Earnings per share were $1.29 in the second quarter, an increase of 7.5% from $1.20 in the second quarter of 2016. When normalizing both periods for gains on venture capital investments and the excess tax benefit associated with stock comp, the year-over-year increase was due to leverage from higher revenue. We remain enthusiastic about the outlook for 2017 and continue to invest in our growth, both through facility expansion and additional staffing. Demand for our products and services is robust and we continue to gain market share, which supports our expectation for organic revenue growth in a range from 7% to 8.5% in 2017, and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $5 to $5.15. I like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment. DSA revenue in the second quarter was $252.1 million, a 9.3% increase on an organic basis. The legacy Discovery Services business continued to improve with revenue up slightly over the second quarter of 2016, and Agilux again performing better than our expectations. The Early Discovery business recently delivered its 76th development candidate to a client, enhancing our reputation for scientific expertise in the discovery of new molecules. As a result of our track record, the new business development structure we implemented last year and our targeted sales initiatives, proposal volumes have increased and we are winning new business, especially from biotech clients. The improvement is not apparent in the second quarter revenue growth rate because, as we mentioned previously, a number of large, integrated programs were completed without immediate startup of new programs. As we've also discussed, this may continue to be the case until our large biopharma clients outsource this work more consistently. However, we're very pleased with the improvement in our new business wins and also with the progress the business development team is making to encourage clients to place work, which integrates our Discovery and Safety Assessment services. We currently have a number of combined programs underway, including one with Nimbus Therapeutics, which we announced in April. After working with Nimbus for a number of years, we formalized a multi-year strategic partnership through which we will collaborate with Nimbus from initial hit identification through Safety Assessment. We are successfully demonstrating to clients that working with us through a broader portion of the early-stage drug research process enhances the value we provide them, both from a scientific and cost effectiveness perspective. On Monday, we announced the acquisition of Brains On-Online, a leading CRO that provides critical data to advance novel therapeutics for the treatment of CNS diseases. Brains On-Online is considered the world's premier provider of microdialysis, which measures drug and neurotransmitter levels in the brain to provide valuable information about efficacy of CNS drugs and also offers sophisticated in vivo efficacy and pharmacokinetics testing. The addition of Brains On-Online expands our existing CNS capabilities and establishes Charles River as the premier single-source provider for a broad portfolio of discovery CNS services. Brains On-Online also add three sites to our Discovery footprint, providing sites in both Europe and the South San Francisco biohub, thereby increasing the opportunity for clients to work side-by-side with Charles River's scientists. The revenue contribution from Brains On-Line is approximately 0.5% of total revenue on an annualized basis, and we expect it'll be neutral to both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share in both 2017 and 2018. This is a strategic acquisition that enhances our ability to support clients' early-stage drug research in this critical therapeutic area. Strategic acquisitions remain our preferred use of capital and we will continue to build out our portfolio in order to enhance our competitive strength. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, strong bookings and backlog for Safety Assessment gave us confidence that revenue growth for the Safety Assessment business would improve from the first quarter level, which it did, to the low-double digits. Continued bookings and backlog in the second quarter support our current expectation that Safety Assessment revenue growth rate for the year will be at or near 10%. As we have often noted, growth in this business isn't linear. We are likely to see low-double digit growth in some quarters and high-single digit in others. Critical factor is that clients are increasingly choosing Charles River as their early-stage drug research partner, relying on us to provide the scientific expertise they need to advance drugs through the discovery and development process rather than maintaining or building these capabilities in-house. We expect continued growth in demand for outsourced services and market share gains will drive growth in our Safety Assessment business. We also noted our conference call in May that based on the first quarter bookings, we expected the second quarter revenue growth rate would be driven by demand from both Global and Biotech clients and that the growth rate for Biotech clients would increase in the second quarter. The revenue growth rate for Biotech clients was robust in the second quarter, significantly higher than the first. Biotech funding from the capital markets was also robust in the second quarter, exceeding both the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of last year. Approximately 25 biotech companies launched IPOs in the first half of 2017 compared to 30 in 2016. We believe that the willingness of markets, VCs and global biopharma companies to fund biotech companies is a clear indicator that biotechs are identifying promising therapeutics with the potential to treat or cure diseases that were previously untreatable. Our view is supported by the fact that the FDA approved 28 novel drug through August 3, a greater number than in all of the 2016 and a testament to the strength of these companies' pipeline. The DSA operating margin increased 250 basis points to 23.7% in the second quarter compared to a year ago with 100 basis points of the improvement due to foreign exchange. We were very pleased with the margin improvement, which was driven in part by Safety Assessment price increases and mix improvement, but primarily by the WIL Safety Assessment sites, as we continue to make progress on the planned cost synergies. For the RMS segment revenue was $124 million, an increase of 1% on an organic basis over the prior year. As I mentioned during our conference call in February, our RADS business benefited in 2016 from special projects, which we did not expect would recur in 2017, resulting in a challenging year-over-year comparison. This will be the case for the remainder of 2017. Revenue growth in the second quarter was driven both by Research Models and Research Model Services. For Research Models, China again delivered an outstanding performance, offsetting slightly lower revenue for North America and Europe, due primarily to lower demand from global clients. In Research Model Services, both the GEMS and Insourcing Solutions businesses delivered strong performances. Clients are using new technologies, like CRISPR, to create new models faster, and partnering with our GEMS business because we provide extensive scientific expertise and a more flexible and cost-efficient alternative to maintaining these capabilities in-house. The Insourcing Solutions business also increased due primarily to expansions of existing contracts. For the full year, we expect that the RMS growth rate will be in the low-single digit range, because in addition to the RADS issue, revenue for Research Models in North America and Europe will be down slightly, and growth in China will be capacity constrained in the second half of the year. Demand for our Research Models in China has accelerated much faster than we expected, as clients recognize that Charles River produces a superior product and provides better service and support, and we take market share. As you know, we are expanding our production capacity with a new site in the Shanghai area, and we have accelerated our expansion plan and expect to have sufficient capacity to meet the increased demand by early 2018. We now expect that over the long term, RMS revenue growth will be in the low single digits, because the business is mature and we do not expect the Research Models business outside of China will be a material contributor to growth. Growth will be driven primarily by China, as it becomes a more material contributor to the segment, and by opportunities in the services businesses. At a low single digit revenue growth rate, we expect that RMS will continue to generate strong cash flow, which we plan to reinvest in our business. In the second quarter, the RMS operating margin declined by 150 basis points to 27.4%. This was due primarily to the RADS revenue decline and to the Research Models business in North America and Europe. Because these businesses are highly leveraged to volume, the margin is impacted when volume is lower. That said, we continue to identify our opportunities to streamline our RMS operations, particularly through the automation of manual processes and implementation of systems to improve data availability and accuracy. The Manufacturing Support segment reported a robust second quarter with revenue of $93 million. The organic growth rate was just about 10%, led by Microbial Solutions and the Biologics Testing Solutions businesses. For Microbial Solutions, the primary driver of revenue growth was demand for our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges, and Accugenix microbial identification services. As was the case in the first quarter, higher cartridge sales were driven by the continued expansion of the installed base of machines. In addition, revenue for microbial identification services increased significantly as we continued to raise our profile with clients in Europe and Asia. The advantages of our unique portfolio, which includes both rapid endotoxin and bioburden testing systems and microbial identification libraries, continue to resonate with clients. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low double digit organic growth for the foreseeable future. The Biologics business again reported robust revenue growth in the second quarter. We were very pleased with the performance of this business, which provides services that support the manufacture of biologics, including process development and quality control. Recognizing that Biologics would represent a larger percentage of drugs in development, we were determined to invest in this business in order to position it to compete effectively, as both the number of drugs increased and clients outsourced more services. For the last few years, we have invested in staff in order to enhance our scientific expertise, in our facilities, so that we had the capacity to accommodate new work, and in our sales force and go-to-market strategy. We also expanded our Biologics portfolio through the acquisition of Blue Stream in order to provide a comprehensive portfolio of services to support biologic and biosimilar development. As clients increasingly recognize the value of our Biologics portfolio and our flexibility in structuring work relationships, the demand for our services increases. We have been adding small tranches of capacity in order to accommodate the larger volume of work as we win new business, and based on the strong demand for our services, are planning a moderately larger expansion this year. Although our expansion projects put pressure on the Manufacturing margin in the second quarter, we believe that investment in our Biologics business is particularly important now, when more work is being outsourced and we can gain share to support our growth in the coming years. The Manufacturing segment second quarter operating margin was 34.2%, a 120 basis point decline year-over-year. The decline was due to our expansion projects to increase staffing costs to support future growth and to lower revenue in the Avian business. At 34.2%, we are very pleased with the operating margin, which continued to exceed our long-term low 30% target. Offering our unique early-stage portfolio, which we will continue to enhance through acquisition, world-class scientific expertise and best-in-class client service at an effective price, has been the cornerstone of our value proposition for clients and has clearly resonated with them. Our second quarter results keep us right on track to achieve our guidance for the year. Organic growth rate was 7.1%. We achieved 50 basis points of operating margin expansion and earnings per share increased at high single digit rate when adjusting for gains on venture capital investments and the excess tax benefit. We are very pleased with the performance of the collective portfolio. There will continue to be quarterly variations in segment growth rates, but we expect the consolidated portfolio will deliver high single digit organic revenue growth, earnings per share growth at a higher rate than revenue, and strong free cash flow. We intend to continue to focus on enhancing the three primary factors that differentiate Charles River from the competition. First, our unique portfolio of essential products and services, which increases our relevance to our clients' drug research, development, and manufacturing efforts. Second, our scientific expertise and depth, which we believe is unique and unparalleled in the early-stage CRO universe. And third, our intense focus on efficiency and responsiveness, which enables us to provide exceptional flexible service to clients without adding significant cost. We are continuing to make investments in facilities and significantly increasing staff, which will continue to differentiate Charles River as the CRO partner of choice for early-stage drug research and support our future growth. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and to our shareholders for their support. Now, I'll ask David to give you additional details on the second quarter results and updated 2017 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the impact of the divestiture of the CDMO business, and certain other items. Many of my comments on the second quarter and full year will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, and the impact of foreign currency translation. Full-year organic growth also excludes the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. We are pleased with our second quarter results, which exceeded the outlook that we provided in May for revenue growth, operating margin and earnings per share. Organic revenue growth of 7.1% in the second quarter continued to track within our guidance range of 7% to 8.5% for the year. The primary drivers were return to low double digit organic growth in our Safety Assessment business, as well as continued strong growth in both our Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing Solutions businesses. RMS growth moderated in the second quarter, as we anticipated. Please note that we excluded approximately one week of WIL revenue, totaling $5 million from the organic growth calculation in the second quarter, because we didn't own WIL for the first week of the second quarter last year. The consolidated operating margin met our long-term target of 20% in the second quarter, increasing by 50 basis points year-over-year, primarily as a result of a 250 basis point increase in the DSA operating margin. In addition to the strong operating performance, second quarter earnings per share of $1.29 were aided by a $0.03 gain on our venture capital investments, and a $0.03 excess tax benefit related to stock compensation. You may recall that we did not forecast any additional contribution from venture capital investments, and consistent with that approach, we are not forecasting a contribution for the remainder of 2017. We also did not forecast a meaningful contribution from the excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation beyond the contributions recorded in the first quarter. However, the benefit in the second quarter was higher than we previously anticipated, because our stock price appreciated by 12.5% to above $100 per share, which resulted in additional option exercise activity during the quarter. For the remainder of year, based on the current stock price, we believe the benefits associated with additional option exercise activity will be nominal. Favorable movements in foreign exchange rates contributed to the revenue outperformance in the second quarter, as several foreign currencies strengthened versus the U.S. dollar during the quarter. Foreign exchange also contributed 100 basis points to the DSA operating margin in the second quarter and 30 basis points to the consolidated margin. The margin benefit is expected to be lower in the second half of the year because we have anniversaried the weakening of the British pound associated with Brexit. For the year, we now expect foreign exchange to be approximately a 1% headwind to reported revenue growth, which is favorable to the 2% to 2.5% impact that we had previously forecasted. This favorability has no effect on our organic growth rate, but increases our reported revenue growth guidance to 8.5% to 10% for the year. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $2.2 million year-over-year to $31.8 million, reflecting personnel investments over the past year, but declined sequentially from the first quarter. At 7.1% year-to-date, unallocated corporate costs continue to track to our 2017 target of 7% of total revenue, which is below 7.5% last year. Second quarter net interest expense of $7.2 million was unchanged from the same period last year. As expected, interest expense was slightly higher on a sequential basis due to higher borrowing costs associated with the Federal Reserve's rate increase in March. For the year, we continue to expect net interest expense to be at the low end of our initial guidance range of $29 million to $31 million. The non-GAAP tax rate of 29.4% in the second quarter was favorable to our expectations due to the $1.3 million or $0.03 per share excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation. Excluding this benefit, the tax rate was above the 30% level that we had expected for the remainder of the year, primarily as a result of venture capital investment gain that are taxed at the higher U.S. rate. For the year, we now expect the tax rate to be in a range of 27% to 28% compared to our outlook in May when we were at the lower end of our original guidance range of 28% to 29%. The favorable outlook is due to both the additional excess tax benefit from stock compensation in the second quarter, as well as the discrete benefit related to a tax audit settlement that we expect to record in the third quarter. As a result of the discrete tax benefit, we expect the third quarter non-GAAP tax rate to decrease sequentially from 29.4% in the second quarter. Free cash flow was $90.1 million in the second quarter, an increase of $21.8 million. After a slow start in the first quarter, we are pleased with the progress that we have made with regard to cash flow generation and continue to expect free cash flow to be in a range of $265 million to $275 million for the year. Capital expenditures of $16 million were essentially unchanged from the first quarter level and increased by $4.2 million year-over-year, reflecting continued investments to support the growth of our business, including capacity expansion project for RMS China, Biologics and Safety Assessment. Our CapEx outlook of $75 million to $85 million remains unchanged for the year. Let me provide a brief update on our capital priorities. We continuously evaluate acquisition candidates that will enhance or expand our scientific capabilities and supplement our organic growth. Strategic acquisitions remain our top capital priority and Brains On-line is another example of our disciplined capital deployment. With an initial purchase price of approximately $21 million, the acquisition did not meaningfully increase our leverage ratio. We continue to modestly repay debt, which we expect will generate interest savings in the balance of the year. We've repaid $54.7 million of debt in the second quarter, which reduced our leverage ratio to 2.3 times at the end of the quarter. With our leverage ratio below 2.5 times, we expect the benefit from a lower borrowing rate in the third quarter because the interest rate spread will decrease by 12.5 basis points to LIBOR plus 112.5 basis points. We also repurchased 244,000 shares in the second quarter at a total cost of $22.5 million and have $165.1 million available on our stock repurchase program. For the second half of the year, we expect the Safety Assessment, Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses to be the primary drivers of growth, partially offset by softness in the RMS segment. We expect RMS organic revenue growth will be essentially flat in the second half of the year, due primarily to the RADS project that ended in 2016. In addition to RADS, which compresses the annual RMS growth rate by approximately 1%, we expect slightly lower revenue in the Research Models business in North America and Europe and slower growth in China due to capacity constraints. For the full year, we expect the RMS organic growth rate to be in the low single digits. Lower revenue growth will put pressure on the RMS operating margin in the second half. The full year RMS margin will remain in the high-20% range, but will be moderately lower than in 2016. We believe that organic revenue growth in 2017 will be near 10% for the DSA segment and 10% or higher for the Manufacturing segment. We expect that the Manufacturing segment will be the largest contributor to operating margin improvement in 2017 in addition to lower corporate spending as a percentage of revenue. These factors are expected to result on a consolidated operating margin for the year approaching our long-term goal of 20%. For 2017, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance of $5 to $5.15, which represents low double digit earnings growth compared to 2016. The incremental second quarter contributions from venture capital investments and the excess tax benefit are expected to be offset that by the softer outlook for RMS and the investments in facility expansion and staffing in several businesses to support future growth. For the third quarter, we expect the year-over-year reported and organic revenue growth rate will be in the high single digits, reflecting stronger DSA segment growth compared to the 5% organic growth that we saw in the third quarter of last year. We expect earnings per share will increase slightly from the third quarter of last year. Over the last several years, we have invested in our portfolio, strengthened our scientific and management bench, and focused on becoming a more efficient organization. Our goal is to enhance our clients' journey with us as their trusted scientific partner and continue to strengthen our position as the leading, integrated early-stage CRO. We remain on track to deliver full year financial results in line with our original outlook for 2017, including organic revenue growth in the high single digits, and operating margin approaching 20%, and earnings per share growth in the low single digits. While the segment mix may shift from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year, our broad portfolio of essential products and services positions us to deliver high single digit organic revenue growth and operating margin improvement in 2017 and over the longer term. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And our first one, we'll go to Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Jim, can you comment a little bit on the RMS segment, specifically kind of the softer demand that you're seeing in North America and Europe. Is that attributable to biopharma clients, pharma clients, academic, government, a little bit of color by clients segment? And then just more broadly, can you comment specifically on academic and government across your portfolio? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure. I would say that the softness is primarily a manifestation of the continued reduction in infrastructure by the big drug companies. So as we said many times previously, we have a disproportionately large market share in that segment, the vast majority of share for sure. And as these entire sites or portions of sites come offline, that impacts us more directly. So it's a continuation. I don't think it's an acceleration. It's a continuation. There's probably some more to come. I would say that except for the very large biotech clients, biotech clients don't have large vivariums. They're not the biggest users of our animals. The other thing that's interesting to note is that a lot of the Research Model Services work has now been outsourced to companies like us. So we're selling to other CROs. We're also using a lot of the animals internally. It's a continuation of a multi-year decline, offset somewhat by price and mix. We'll continue to be offset somewhat by price and mix, and hopefully, continue to be offset significantly by growth in China and the services business, which we saw a little of in this quarter. Our academic, sales for our academic clients, I don't have the percentage at my fingertip, but it's been a focus of us. I'd say we've always had a significantly large market share in Europe and Japan, less so in the U.S., but it's an area that we're focused on and we continue to do well at. It doesn't significantly offset the declines by big pharma who has tended to be the principal user. So as we've said, we're going to have low single digit growth for the balance of the year and probably into the future. It's a business that will continue to generate very high 20% operating margin and generate significant free cash flows. We're investing aggressively in China. We have a facility being completed now in Shanghai. And we continue to invest in our service businesses as well and the business continues to be sort of an underlying feature of Charles River being known by researchers around the world for its scientific expertise.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. This is Mark Rosenblum on for Ricky. Could you just give some color around Agilux? You mentioned that performance has been better than your expectation. Kind of what trends are driving that, and where do you see it kind of going forward?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. Agilux is a highly responsive service provider of bioanalytical services, both in discovery and in development. And the trend is principally  is in large measure the plethora of biotech companies in the greater Boston area who use Agilux increasingly as a service provider, who does great science in close proximity with (37:04) and we're getting obviously some enhancement, which is the raison d'tre of doing the deal of the marriage between Charles River and Agilux. So we, legacy Charles River, has provided them an entre and an introduction to large pharma, and also kind of validated them for large pharma, So, I think that's been an upside for them as well and it provided a certain level of solidity to them as they do this. And I just think from a competitive point of view, they remain sort of at the top of the heap. So, we had very high goals in our acquisition plan for them. They're exceeding them consistently. And I do think it's just a combination of our sales effort and access to client and the quality of their work.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got you. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks very much. Just a couple of little questions here. You have such a large portfolio of assets. Sometimes when businesses don't get mentioned, I'm not sure if it's because there wasn't much to say or if they were actually maybe had some struggles in the quarter. But I didn't notice much of a mention on Avian. It seems like that might have been a little weaker. And then also within the Manufacturing services group, you did not mention Celsis. And I'd love to get an update on that acquisition. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure. So, Avian, we did mention, Eric, just briefly.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I may have missed that, sorry.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Correct, briefly. So it's really two things. One is we had some health issues with some flocks last year to report and we didn't restate that. So that's sort of continuing. And we had the single client issue that has nothing to do with us. It just has to do with work that we do for a single client. So it's a small business, but it's a little bit of a drag on the Manufacturing segment. Notwithstanding that drag, we had over a 34% operating margin. So we did mention it in the context of the margin erosion there. And Celsis has been performing well. Celsis actually has been beneficial to the Accugenix revenues because it really enlivens that so we can do bacterial IV and then identify exactly what you've identified specifically. So it's been helpful there. We have a nice growth and development in the non-pharma sectors and are beginning to intensify our efforts in the pharma sector, which was not a stronghold of Celsis, and of course, it's our principal focus. So we love the three parts of that business. They interact well with each other and lots of clients buy all three of those products and services, and we think that will be increasingly so.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks. Sorry I missed the Avian part. And then just quickly on RADS, it looks like the year-over-year delta in RADS is only, say, in the ballpark of maybe $5 million, not a huge impact. Could you  it's been a couple of years since you've really broken out services versus products in RMS. Is there any chance I could get you to maybe bite and give a little bit of an update on how overall services weight in the portfolio versus models? And then, maybe go a little more specific on RADS so we have a better sense on sizing that business.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, we'll stop short of delineating size, but I guess what's important to note in the services, which we did say in our prepared remarks and we'll continue to emphasize is, there is upside growth from the services for sure, including potentially RADS. We have a one client year-over-year anomaly. So a relatively small but high margin business and high science business. And it's an important part of our services. GEMS is definitely a critical research tool. Genetically engineered models are a critical research tool for all of the drug industry. The advent of technologies, CRISPR in particular, are allowing the researchers to make better models faster, which should help our service business which supports that. And we did note that our Insourcing Solutions business had a little bit of upside in the quarter. That's a business that we still think has great promise. It continues to frustrate us a little bit because we would have thought a larger number of our big clients would utilize our services, but we're still hopeful that that could happen. So I guess, I would say that the service business is small but meaningful, should grow disproportionately fast. By the way, has good margins, so has not been dilutive to margins. We remember pointing that out years ago because as it was growing, people were a little bit concerned about that. So, and we're seeing that on an international basis. By the way, we should see the service business over time continue to grow in China as well. So I think that's all the color we're prepared to give, Eric.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well, that's great. Thanks very much. I'll cede the floor. Yeah, thanks.
Operator: We'll go to Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. In DSA, I guess, I wanted to understand kind of your  I think you're saying high single digit to low double digit growth in SA. And then, on the Discovery side  if you could confirm that is the question there. And then, on the Discovery side, it sounds like you are pleased with progress that you're making with implementation of the new selling business development strategy, but you also do call out that you didn't see that improvement in 2Q. And so, Jim, I was interested in your kind of broader comments about how you see that developing maybe over the next, I don't know, one or two years in terms of Discovery's maturation?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure, sure. So, let's start with Safety, terrific demand, a lot of demand in the first quarter for Discovery and Safety from pharma, which hasn't necessarily been the case, intensified demand from biotech in the second quarter for Safety. Capacity utilization is terrific, client base continues to grow/ The quality of our service continues to grow, and we love our WIL acquisition that's contributing. I don't think we said that loud enough in our prepared remarks. We love the deal. It's given us great geographic footprint and really great science and service and it's going really well. We had a comparatively soft first quarter in Safety, so a stronger quarter, much stronger quarter in the second quarter. And the lack of linearity in that one, lack of linearity from quarter-to-quarter and always a little murkiness in the fourth quarter is maybe causing the way we phrase it. But basically, the Safety Assessment business is going to perform at or around low double digit growth, or 10% growth. So, we're confident with that and really are enjoying market share gains, the amount of work that's coming outside from big pharma and just a whole host of new biotech clients. Discovery, maybe we cut it too finely, so let me give you a sort of broader gauge comment on Discovery. It continues to be perhaps the most strategically relevant or important thing that we've done in the last decade. I think we have acquired extremely good assets. The legacy businesses, which is sort of euphemism for the in-vivo businesses are performing extremely well, including the oncology business we bought last year in Germany. We are enjoying growth and development in the Early Discovery piece. We have a lot of more work with a lot more clients because we have a much more sophisticated selling organization and operational organization that interfaces with the sales force. And we have a lot of very creative deals. And we called out the Nimbus one. We're also seeing, which was again one of the raison d'tres of doing those deals is to have clients work with us from Discovery all the way though Safety. Actually, I have clients work with us from  some of the early animal work through Discovery, through Safety, and we're seeing that as well. So, all of the things that we hoped would happen are happening. We're happy with the margin expansion there, both short-term and directionally. And all we called out  we didn't mean to overstate that is the Early Discovery piece has had some very large pharma deals, which were milestone-based, which provide some challenging year-over-year comparisons. And until we have more of those deals, the comparisons will be a little challenging just in that piece of it. But Discovery should be increasingly accretive both for the top line and the bottom line, albeit a small piece of DSA, and again, the portfolio is beginning to mesh very well.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: If I could ask you a quick follow-up? You mentioned in the deck, a, I believe it was 76th candidate produced or identified, discovered by your Discovery business. I'm wondering  I'm sure not all of those 76 are still active, but to the extent that some portion of them are still being pursued by the clients, what latent financial reward opportunity does Charles River have from that portfolio of babies out there?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, So, first of all, of the 76, some of them will by definition have died. It's actually very difficult for us to track every single one of using your expression of our children as they march through the pipeline, because of course clients don't often disclose whether they're marching forward or not. We know that we had one that's been approved by the FDA. We know that's a rarer number in Phase 3. So we're hoping to see more of those actually get through to the finish line. That said, our model has always been that it's a fee-for-service type structure. We don't take downstream royalties. We don't take downstream payments beyond the work that we agreed to do. And therefore, there's no conflict of interest and that's the sort of structure that we always set up with our Early Discovery portfolio.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I think, Dave, the most important thing to remember there since it's not a royalty stream business is that we've discovered targets that most sophisticated drug companies in the world couldn't discover on their own. By the way, the last time we looked at the data, about 1/3 of those went to clinical trials. So that's a pretty good data point as well. And I guess what it does, every time I think about it, is it underscores the strength of our science and I think it keeps the clients coming back for those services and also the pull-through services. So, it's really important and early stage in the funnel for us.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thanks for those answers. Appreciate it.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, there's been a number of recent big pharma restructurings that we've seen. Also there's, you had the termination of the Alexion R&D pack with Moderna, which is your preferred to provider there. And also, AstraZeneca's had some setbacks in their I-O program, your preferred provider there. Can you talk about some of the changes going on there? Do you see any sort of like these restructuring actions changes sort of impacting the business?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes. So, to a certain extent, this is a continuation of infrastructure reduction, but for the biggest drug companies, it's a constant process of focusing beyond the therapeutic areas where they can distinguish themselves and maybe getting rid of therapeutic areas where they can't vis--vis the competition, spending their money more wisely. And some of that's going to have to do with whittling back their R&D infrastructures and organizations. And the result of that for us is that, to some extent, it's accelerating the outsourcing trend. To some extent, it's continuing the outsourcing trend, and to some extent, it's accelerating it. Remember that still a significant amount of safety is being done internally. So, as they dismantle some of the space and cease doing the work internally, we have an opportunity to do the work. I think we're going to increasingly see that in Discovery as our footprint grows nicely. Given that the increase in pharma  disproportionate increase in pharma revenue that we had in the first quarter across most of our businesses, I would say that we haven't seen any adverse impact from it. And hopefully, it will engender and cause and force additional outsourcing for us, which is sort of what we're organized to respond to.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And if I can squeeze in one follow up. In the RMS business, in the Research Models business, is the lower sort of expectations for North America and Europe, is that any way of reflecting just a downtrend in the use of animal models in just general application?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I don't think there's anything new, Derik. There's sort of a continual decline in use for a long time in favor of more highly valued animals, like immunocompromised animals and inbred. So, we have seen that margin enrichment. And then, as I said earlier, we have this interesting anomaly with instead of selling into  selling the animals to pharma, we sell to CROs, of which we are the largest in the early development phase. So, yes, you have to all think of it on a see-through basis. We're getting that revenue and profitability in our service businesses. And so we're actually the beneficiary for that shift to some extent. But CROs will talk about some big drug companies.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to get your opinion on just the Safety Assessment competitive environment, if there's any changes you're seeing. And then, what's assumed for the portfolio this year in terms of pricing?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, to take the easiest one first, by the way, we're going to stop short of giving real-time pricing data, because we feel that's putting us at a competitive disadvantage since we don't have any public competitors anymore, but we will confirm the fact that we expect that pricing in Safety will be between 3% and 5% when we end the year. So that's the story there. I would say that the competitive landscape hasn't changed much. There wasn't a lot of movement in the last couple of years. We have a lot of private equity owned competitors, which means at some point that those competitors quick consolidate or trade again. We've always thought we're the sort of only pure play company that's in this for the long-term. We see some periodic aggressive pricing. I think that's an always, always that depends on what our competitors' capacity utilization looks like. You see a little more of it in the end of the year to seed capacity going into the next year. But I would say it hasn't been particularly irrational. I would say that, as best as we can understand it, our competitors have good demand for their businesses as well. I think that's good for the entire industry. But clearly, we have maintained, retained and continue to be the market leader and continue to take market share from most of our competitors, sometimes with the portfolio of services, sometimes with the quality of our science, sometimes occasionally with price, but, and sometimes with all of the above.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Very helpful. And then, I was hoping you can just clarify what's embedded in the second half in terms of acquired growth. We are back into 4% for the full year. I know that selling week  just want to make sure that was right. And obviously, you've already done a little over 10% on a net basis in the first half. What are the moving parts with the CDMO in the second half? Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Struggling a little bit to understand the question.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just what's embedded in the second half for acquired growth?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Embedded in the second half for acquired growth. You mean, growth from acquisitions we've already done?
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Correct. Yeah.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, actually, the  I mean, you take WIL, for instance, it's not dissimilar to the legacy Safety because it's Safety Assessment work that we're providing. We really, it's not the sort of number that we're kind of breaking out anymore. What we have said about it is that we're delivering all the measures that we've given externally. We're meeting or beating the measures we've had internally. We did declare at the very start when we bought WIL that is  I mean the sort of growth rate that they were seeing were not dissimilar to the growth rates that we were seeing in Charles River.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So I'll just add that the only acquisition we made in the second half of last year was Agilux. So from a  and growth from acquisitions would just be that one.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I'll follow-up online. Thanks.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tejas R. Savant - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Tejas on for Tycho. Just wanted to ask a couple of quick ones here, Jim, on the ag and industrial customer base and what's going on over there. It sounds like industrial customers faced the tough comp, but implementation was a little bit behind schedule for the REACH initiative, so growth seem to be okay there. Is that still the trend? And then, in terms of your ag customers base, does that still remain  I mean, are market conditions there still challenging?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: We continue to enjoy both of those markets just as client diversification efforts. The REACH initiative is still an important one for us and should continue to be. And the ag business, I don't remember calling that out specifically one way or another. It's a business that is reasonably consistent, and again, an important to us from a diversification and expansion of client point of view.
Tejas R. Savant - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, Jim. And then just one quick follow-up on the academic end-market. I know it's relatively small for you in terms of direct U.S. academic exposure, but are you expecting a little bit of help there in terms of some sorts of a budget plus dynamic, given the NIH budget came in ahead of expectations? Or is sort of uncertainty about next year is still keeping expectations pretty muted there?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It's hard to tell. The revenue dollars in the U.S. are not insignificant. I mean, they're meaningful. On a percentage basis, it's always been sort of the smallest segment for us and we have competitors that have always done better on a percentage basis because of their lower price points, which is no longer the case. We've been pounding on the academic market, I'd say, for at least a half a dozen years and we have picked up some share. And, yeah, I guess we should be the beneficiary of additional NIH dollars, but it's pretty subtle even to our RMS business and certainly subtle to the totality of our revenue, but we'd obviously always prefer to have NIH revenues up for the whole host of our client base.
Tejas R. Savant - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jon Kaufman. Please go ahead.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. So in the prepared remarks in the press release this morning, you noted that DSA growth was driven by midsize biotech as well as global clients, and then you also spoke about robust revenue growth from biotech and good funding. So all that sounds great, but I'd like to dig into this a little bit deeper and ask you, what are you seeing specifically from the smaller biotech companies? How does demand from smaller biotech compare to demand elsewhere? And how did revenue growth in the quarter from the smaller clients compare to growth from the mid-size and large clients?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, we don't slice it that finely for public consumption, so I'm not going to give you any specific numbers except to say that the biotech sector, including very small biotech clients, continues to be an increasing proportion of our revenue, increasing driver. These are companies many of which are virtual, but these are small companies that have virtually no internal capability. They have an idea or a drug or something patented and then they increasingly want to outsource all of the development work to get the drug to proof-of-concept or to kill it. So given the enormous amounts of cash that's come in from the capital markets to these companies directly, I think it was up 45% from Q1 to Q2, given the enormous amount of money that is going into the venture capital sector, given from this venture capital sector, given the enormous amount of money coming into biotech directly from big pharma, companies are extremely well financed. They're doing lots of work. We never hear anything otherwise. And we just have a very large and growing cadre of clients. So, I would say that our business with the small biotech companies continues to be quite strong.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up, if I could, just in regards to guidance. So it sounds like facility expansions and other investments in the business over the remainder of the year will impact margins a little bit, but are there any other reasons why guidance was maintained as opposed to increased following the good quarter? Thank you.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well. So, part of it was to do with the RMS, which we've specifically called out and we've had a number of questions actually post the prepared remarks. The second point to your point was around investments in our facility expansion, staffing. We talked about China, but we're also investing in Safety Assessment, Biologics and Microbial because the sort of demand that we're seeing in the future. I guess the third point I would call out is that the Q4 is always difficult to call. If you remember last year, Q4 was stellar, but we've had quarters, Q4 quarters in the past where clients have been holding back. So, it's difficult at this point in the year to be able to be certain what Q4 would look like. And for that reason, we also felt that should go into the mix in terms of how we prepared our guidance for the remainder of the year.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the question. This is Adam Noble in for Bob. Going back to the RMS business, could you give us a sense what your current mix is between developed markets in North America and Europe versus China? And once you've had more time to build out capacity for China in 2018, what type of growth do you think is possible over there?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, we haven't broken out the growth rate for China, except to say it's exceptional. It's reminiscent of what the growth rates were in the U.S. and Europe many years ago when those were new markets. And so, we're sort of just scratching the surface there, too. Obviously, it's a gigantic geography with lots of people and potential patients, real patients. And we're working to elevate the quality of the animals that are used in research and I think we're doing a good job of that. So, we think it has long-term consistent and concerted growth metrics. It's still a relatively small part of what we do, but sort of similar to our Japanese operation, which we've had for a long time, which has slowed. It will eclipse that sometime soon I suspect. And the other markets, U.S. and Europe are mature. We have very large market shares. We continue to get price and then some mix, and occasionally some market share gains, particularly in the academic sector. So again, that's kind of what the global marketplace looks like. Those are the only geographic locales that are meaningful. There's not going to be a new one. And all of that is kind of buttressed by the service revenue, which is again not linear, but I would say over a period of years has been consistently up.
Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That makes a lot of sense. And just to sneak one, really quick one on FX. You mentioned that FX was a benefit of about 100 bps to the DSA margin. Could you remind us overall the impact from a weakening dollar on margins for the businesses and how much of that is embedded in the second half 2017 guidance?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, Adam, what we've called out in foreign exchange is there is a negative impact on foreign exchange for the year. At the beginning of the year, we said that would have a 2% to 2.5% impact on our revenue growth. Now of course, we're seeing foreign currencies strengthening. And so, the impact we're seeing now is about 1%. We also called out that at the beginning of year that the headwind that we were seeing, when we were seeing 2% to 2.5% was about $0.10. And of course with the anniversary of Brexit, we'll see if that's going to impact in the second half year there.
Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: We have one last question from Sandy Draper with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Sandy Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much, and most of my questions have been asked. So maybe, Jim, a broader picture on the Manufacturing business, which obviously is doing incredibly well and the confidence for continued double digit growth is certainly encouraging. I'm just trying to get a sense of framing, how to think about that in terms of market growth. Is it really even market share gains? Is there someone to actually gain share from or it's just people adding stuff that's going to completely greenfield areas? I'm just trying to think about how I sort of frame that low double digit type of growth, what's really driving there over the long-term. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, Microbial detection and Biologics are the principal drivers. Biologics continues to be driven obviously and only by the increased number of biologics coming through the pipelines and getting to market. And I think we all believe that will only continue. So our business has actually accelerated in the last few years. And as we indicated in our prepared remarks, are adding staff and equally importantly capacity all over the world to accommodate that. We don't see any reason why that should moderate. The Microbial Solutions business is a big market where we're the key player. We have multiple technologies that competition doesn't. And the core businesses, which is the antitoxin detection market, we are constantly in the process of converting clients from sort of old line technology to our handheld device, our devices and cartridges, which have much higher ASPs and better margins, so that's a process that will continue. So we have a expanding market, a technology conversion and on the Biologics side sort of the importance of the core technologies, which are driving it. And as we said and continue to say, we don't see any reason why this low double digit organic growth shouldn't continue indefinitely. And when we say indefinitely, we sort of look at the world in these five-year chunks as we do our strategic plan.
Sandy Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. That's really helpful. Thanks.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon and seeing you at the Wells Fargo, Baird and Morgan Stanley conferences in September. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and thank for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call and webcast this morning. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our first quarter results and updated guidance for 2017. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 422034. The replay will be available through May 24 and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 14, 2017, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. I'm very pleased to say that following an exceptional year in 2016, we're off to a strong start in the first quarter of 2017. We've succeeded in our strategy to become the early-stage CRO of choice as a result of a three-pronged approach which we live every day. First, we are continuing to expand our unique portfolio of essential products and services, which increases our relevance to our clients' drug research, development, and manufacturing efforts. Second, we continue to expand and enhance our scientific expertise and depth, which we believe is unique and unparalleled in the early-stage CRO universe, and a strong differentiating factor. Third, we maintain an intense focus on efficiency and responsiveness, which enables us to provide exceptional, flexible service to clients without adding significant cost. Because of the strategy, we were gratified that three sell-side analyst surveys issued this spring placed Charles River as the best-positioned CRO to win preclinical work. We will never take our position for granted, and will utilize our entrepreneurial culture to identify new paths in which to execute our strategy. Let me give you the highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $445.8 million in the first quarter of 2017, a 25.6% increase. Our portfolio delivered robust organic growth of 8.2%, at the upper end of our guidance range of 7% to 8.5%. Each of our client segments, Global Accounts, Biotech and Other, and Academic and Government, generated higher revenue. The operating margin was 18.5%, an increase of 10 basis points year-over-year. We were very pleased with the margin improvement in the Manufacturing segment which was the primary driver of the increase. DSA margin declined year-over-year, however, it continued to exceed our long-term target as a result of higher revenue and efficiency initiatives. Earnings per share were $1.29 in the first quarter, an increase of 31.6% from $0.98 in the first quarter of 2016. Acquisitions, primarily WIL, and higher revenue for legacy portfolio were the primary drivers of the increase, as well as a larger-than-expected excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation and a $0.05 gain on venture capital investments. Dave Smith will provide more information about the stock compensation matter and its effect on our tax rate, so I will simply say that it was the primary reason that we increased the top end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance range by $0.05 with a new range at $5 to $5.15. We continue to be very enthusiastic about the outlook for 2017. Demand for our products and services is robust, and we continue to gain market share which, combined with the strong start to the year, supports our expectation for organic growth in a range from 7% to 8.5% in 2017, and non-GAAP earnings per share in our increased range of $5 to $5.15. We believe that our first quarter performance continues to demonstrate what we've worked very hard to achieve. First, the strongest portfolio than we've ever had, with the ability to support clients from target discovery through non-clinical development; second, deep client relationships; and third, successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the early-stage research partner of choice. I'd like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance beginning with the DSA segment. DSA revenue in the first quarter was $227.8 million, a 5.1% increase on an organic basis. The Discovery Services business continued to improve, with revenue for the legacy businesses only slightly below last year and Agilux performing better than our expectation. As was the case in the third quarter of last year, revenue growth for the legacy Safety Assessment business was in the high-single digits, but as we have often noted, growth in this business is not linear. We generally expect the first quarter to begin slowly for Safety Assessment as clients prioritize projects in the new budget year; however, this year started more slowly than we expected. Business increased steadily through the quarter, with inquiries and bookings for the month of March at the highest level since we acquired WIL. We also had a significant increase in backlog which supports our expectation that the Safety Assessment revenue growth rate for the year will be consistent with our guidance of low-double digits. Biotech revenue and pricing were factors in the first quarter Safety Assessment growth rate. Organic revenue growth for biotech clients was lower than we have experienced in other quarters. I'll speak about this shortly, but again based on bookings, we expect both biotech and large biopharma to be strong drivers of revenue growth for the balance of the year. Pricing was stable in the first quarter due to competitive dynamics in late 2016 and early 2017 when bookings were slower. Based on market demand and recent bookings, we are not concerned about pricing in the Safety Assessment business and continue to expect pricing in a range of 3% to 5% in 2017. The revenue mix and acquisitions impacted the DSA operating margin, which declined 240 basis points to 20.9% in the first quarter compared to the year-ago period. However, the operating margin remained above our 20% long-term target. As the revenue mix improves throughout the year, we expect the margin will improve as well. And as we continue to make very good progress on the WIL synergies, we're confident that we will achieve our operating margin target for WIL, which is consistently at or above 20% by the end of 2017. For the RMS segment, revenue was $127.2 million, an increase of 4.7% on an organic basis. You should note that the growth rate is somewhat overstated as a result of the comparison to the first quarter of last year, which included the light holiday week. Because of the 53rd week last year, the holiday week was in the fourth quarter of 2016 rather than the first quarter this year, leading to a favorable year-over-year comparison. We continue to expect RMS growth rate for the full year will be in a low to mid-single digit range. As was the case throughout 2016, RMS revenue growth in the first quarter was driven both by the Research Models and Research Model Services businesses. For Research Models, the strongest performance was in China and the U.S. China continues to be a strong growth driver for us, as funding for drug research increases and clients recognize that Charles River provides a superior product and better service and support. In both China and the U.S., we continued to see robust demand for inbred research models, which we believe are the models of choice for translational research. In Research Model Services, both the GEMS and Insourcing Solutions businesses delivered strong performance. Clients are using new technologies, like CRISPR, to create more  new models faster, and partnering with our GEMS business, because we provide extensive scientific expertise and a more flexible and cost efficient alternative to maintaining capabilities in-house. The Insourcing Solutions business also increased, due primarily to increased staffing on existing contracts. The RMS operating margin was unchanged in the first quarter at 30.1%. This is higher than our long-term target of a high 20% range. But as you know, the Research Model business is seasonal, with the first quarter generally being the strongest from a volume perspective. As the business is highly leveraged to volume, the margin usually benefits when volume is high. That said, we continue to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations, particularly through automation of manual processes and implementation of systems to improve availability and accuracy. The Manufacturing Support segment reported an extremely robust first quarter, with revenue of $90.8 million. The organic growth rate was just above 20%, led by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics Testing Solutions businesses. Microbial Solutions was the larger driver of the increase, reporting revenue growth above 20% on an organic basis. Demand for our Endosafe testing systems and cartridges, and Accugenix microbial identification services has remained strong, and was the primary driver of the Microbial Solutions revenue increase. Higher cartridge sales were driven by the continued expansion of the installed base of machines, and by the sale of additional Nexgen and MCS units in the first quarter. In addition, revenue from microbial ID services increased significantly, as we continued to raise our profile with clients in Europe and Asia. The advantages of our unique portfolio, which includes both rapid endotoxin and bioburden testing systems and microbial identification libraries, continue to resonate with clients. We're optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low-double digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The Biologics business again reported very strong revenue growth in the first quarter. Our continued investment in expanding our Biologics portfolio has enabled us to provide a comprehensive portfolio of both bioanalytical and biosafety testing services, with the ability to support biologic and biosimilar development from discovery through clinical phases in commercial manufacturing. As clients increasingly recognize the value this portfolio provides, and our flexibility in structuring working relationships, the demand for our services increases. In order to accommodate the demand, we are continuing to add small tranches of capacity, much as we do in Safety Assessment. By doing so, we can expand revenue without a noticeable impact on operating margin. We believe that investment in our Biologics business is particularly important now, when the number of biologic drugs in development is increasing. Our goal is to be well-positioned to capitalize on this expanding opportunity, which we believe will support our growth in the coming years. Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 33.2%, a 190 basis point increase year-over-year. The improvement was driven by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses, both of which benefited from increased volume and efficiency initiatives. As we continue to broaden our unique portfolio and enhance our scientific expertise, we are enhancing the value we can provide in support of our clients' early-stage drug research efforts. This was again demonstrated in the first quarter by the fact that each of our client segments, Global Accounts, Biotech and Other, and Academic and Government, contributed to our revenue growth. We were very pleased to see our global accounts drive the most significant contribution to revenue growth. This was due in part to our successful efforts to expand our strategic relationships, several of which have been initiated or renewed over the past year. Most of the relationships were initially driven by the need for outsourced safety assessment, which is still the predominant service; however, we are seeing expansions that include discovery, DMPK and bioanalysis. The ability to create a more flexible research organization through the optimal use of outsourcing is critical to our clients' ability to improve the productivity of their pipelines and the cost effectiveness of their R&D investments. Revenue from our Biotech and Other segment also increased, although at a slower organic rate than we experienced last year. We're aware of the discussion among investors over the ability of biotech companies to maintain a high level of investment in R&D. As you know, we believe that biotechs have at least three years of cash on hand, which was likely reinforced by funding from the capital markets in 2016 and again in the first quarter of this year. And as I mentioned earlier, bookings, which are a leading indicator for revenue, increased materially for our biotech clients in the first quarter. This fact gives us confidence that the demand from biotech clients is robust and that the DSA growth rate will be in line with our annual guidance. Biotech pipelines are flourishing with novel, important drugs for human health. This is driving persistent demand for outsourced services, because these companies do not invest in infrastructure, preferring a more flexible and cost-efficient structure which enables them to move drugs through the pipeline more effectively. Many of these clients prefer to partner with Charles River because of the breadth of our portfolio, which enables them to work with one CRO across the early-stage drug research process, and because of our focus on scientific expertise. Clients, particularly those with limited in-house infrastructure, want a strong scientific partner who can assist them in making the critical go/no-go decisions as to which drugs have the greatest potential for development. Regarding R&D spending, there's another issue I'd like to discuss. We have received numerous questions from investors regarding our view on whether the government will implement legislation on drug price controls, and the resulting effect on R&D spending if there is legislation. It seems highly unlikely to us that the government will find a legislative solution that would be acceptable to both Democrats and Republicans and implausible that the pro-business administration would propose legislation that would impair the biopharma industry. Biopharma is an important part of the economy, and biotech is a uniquely U.S. phenomenon. It was effectively invented here and the U.S. is widely regarded as the global biotechnology leader. Biotechs have discovered drugs that are treating or curing previously incurable diseases, keeping people out of hospitals and reducing their need for care. This is the primary reason we believe that pricing for novel, life-saving drugs will not be the target of legislation. Rather, there's likely to be pressure whether legislative or from one of the agencies to limit pricing on off-patent drugs and predatory pricing practices. We have spoken with clients, government sources, and many others who share this view. Offering our unique, early-stage portfolio, world-class scientific expertise, and best-in-class client service at an effective price has been the cornerstone of our value proposition for clients, and has resonated with them. Our first quarter results put us right on track to achieve our guidance for the year. Organic revenue growth was 8.2%. We achieved 10 basis points of operating margin expansion. And earnings per share increased at a mid-teens rate when adjusting for excess tax benefit and gains from venture capital investments. We are very pleased with the performance of the collective portfolio, which is driving both revenue and earnings per share growth. There will continue to be quarterly variations in segment growth rates, but we expect the consolidated portfolio to deliver high-single-digit organic growth. We intend to continue to assess opportunities to broaden our early-stage portfolio with strategic acquisitions and in-house development to increase our scientific capabilities and therapeutic area expertise and to invest in efficiency and productivity initiatives. By leveraging investments we have made, the new ones we intend to make, we will continue to differentiate Charles River as the CRO partner of choice for early-stage research which is the foundation for our future growth. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'll ask David to give you additional details on our first quarter results and updated 2017 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Now, before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, the impact of the divesture of the CDMO business, and certain other items. Many of my comments on the first quarter and full year will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the CDMO divestiture, and the impact of foreign currency translation. Full-year organic growth also excludes the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. Operationally, our first quarter revenue and operating margin performance was precisely in line with our expectations. Our February outlook called for reported revenue growth in the mid-20% range and an operating margin similar to the first quarter of last year. We delivered revenue growth of 25.6% and an operating margin of 18.5%, an increase of 10 basis points year-over-year. Organic growth of 8.2% in the quarter demonstrates the strength of our unique portfolio and give us confidence that our growth prospects and margin targets for both the year and the longer term are firmly intact. We continue to be well-positioned to deliver organic growth in a range of 7% to 8.5% and non-GAAP operating margin improvement of up to 100 basis points, which would bring us to at or near 20% this year. First quarter earnings per share of $1.29 were well above our expectations. A favorable tax rate generated a net benefit of $0.10 per share compared to the prior year. We also recorded a $0.05 gain on our venture capital investments in the first quarter. Adjusting for these items, earnings per share were also in line with our expectations. The non-GAAP tax rate decreased from 28.2% to 22% in the first quarter, primarily as a result of two factors: an excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation and earnings mix. As I mentioned in February, we expect an excess tax benefit associated with stock compensation this year due to the required adoption of the new FASB rule, ASU 2016-09. We had expected a benefit of nearly $6 million for the entire year or approximately $0.12 per share. The actual benefit was $7.5 million in the first quarter or $0.15 per share, approximately $0.03 higher than our full year estimate. Our initial guidance was based on our analysis of anticipated option exercise activity and a pre-earnings stock price in the low-$80 range. We exceeded the full year estimate in the first quarter alone, due in part to the effect of the higher stock price, following our earnings and guidance release in mid-February. Having reevaluated the outstanding equity awards, assuming the current stock price, we do not believe that there will be any meaningful activity for the remainder of the year. With no meaningful tax benefit anticipated from stock compensation, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to average approximately 30% for the remaining three quarters in 2017. This will result in a full year tax rate at the lower end of our prior outlook of 28% to 29%. We have reviewed the recent issued proposal for U.S. tax reform, but do not plan to incorporate it into our guidance until the probability, timing and final language of any legislation are clear. The $0.15 excess tax benefit was partially offset by the earnings mix which was a tax headwind in the first quarter, reducing earnings per share by approximately $0.05 when compared to the prior year. This was a larger headwind than previously anticipated due primarily to the higher-than-expected venture capital investment gain in the first quarter which is taxed at the higher U.S. tax rate. The net effect of the excess tax benefit and the earnings mix was a $0.10 benefit in the first quarter. The $0.05 gain from venture capital investments also contributed to the first quarter earnings outperformance. We exceeded our annual forecast for venture capital investment gains, which was previously $0.04 for the year, in the first quarter. We expect an annual return on our investments in these venture capital funds in line with our weighted average cost of capital, but do not forecast the performance of these funds beyond our annual expected return; therefore, we have not forecast any additional gains from these investments for the remainder of the year. Primarily as a result of the higher-than-expect tax benefit associated with stock compensation, we raise the upper end of our earnings per share guidance, revising the non-GAAP range to $5 to $5.15. As I mentioned earlier, our outlook for revenue growth and operating margin improvement is unchanged, and we are also maintaining the segment outlook that we provided in February. Our outlook for several other non-operating items is slightly more favorable. We have factored the additional $0.01 from venture capital investments into our guidance as well as slightly favorable interest expense. We expect net interest expense to be at the low end of our prior range of $29 million to $31 million for the year. This is slightly favorable to our initial outlook because we used the net cash proceeds from the CDMO divestiture to repay debt. While we intend to invest the CDMO proceeds in future growth opportunities, including strategic acquisitions, the most attractive short-term use was to repay debt. First quarter net interest expense increased by $2.8 million year-over-year to $6.8 million, reflecting the impact of additional borrowings related to acquisitions, primarily WIL. Unallocated corporate costs are trending in line with our expectations, increasing $1.9 million year-over-year to $33.5 million in the first quarter. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 7% of total revenue in 2017. Free cash flow was $18.8 million in the first quarter, a decrease of $18.8 million compared to last year, primarily reflecting timing related to working capital and higher capital expenditures. You should note that prior-year cash flow amounts have been recast to reflect the retrospective adoption of three new accounting standards. We have included recast cash flow information in the appendix of our slide presentation. We continue to believe that we will achieve our free cash flow outlook of $265 million to $275 million for the year. Capital expenditures were $15.9 million in the first quarter, and our outlook of $75 million to $85 million also remains unchanged for the year. Our capital priorities are also consistent with those that were communicated in February. Acquisitions remain our top priority to enhance or expand our scientific capabilities and supplement our organic growth. The timing of M&A activity is always difficult to predict, which is why we used the net cash proceeds from the CDMO divestiture to repay debt in the first quarter and further reduce our leverage ratio to 2.5 times. We continue to look at numerous M&A opportunities, but absent a transaction, we will allocate capital to stock repurchases and debt repayment. We reinitiated stock repurchases in the first quarter following a period when we were focused on reducing our post-WIL leverage ratio below 3 times. We repurchased 363,000 shares for a total of $32.1 million in the first quarter, and had $37.6 million outstanding on the stock repurchase program at the end of the quarter. Yesterday, our board of directors increased the authorization of our stock repurchase program by $150 million to $1.3 billion, which provides additional capacity to continue to repurchase shares as we execute our goal of offsetting dilution from option exercises and equity awards. Before I discuss our outlook for the second quarter, I will recap our updated 2017 financial guidance. We're maintaining our guidance for most financial measures. Our tax rate and interest expense are expected to be at the lower end of their previous ranges. As a result of this modest favorability, we have raised the upper end of our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.05, to a range of $5 to $5.15. I will also remind you that we reduced our GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.18 to $4.33, primarily to reflect the $0.15 net impact of the CDMO divestiture. For the second quarter, we expect year-over-year reported revenue growth will be in the mid-single digits, reflecting the anniversary of the WIL acquisition. Organic growth will be within our guidance range for the year, based on our expectation that the RMS and Manufacturing growth rates will moderate from the first quarter of the year, and DSA organic growth will improve. We expect the consolidated operating margin to be similar to the second quarter of last year. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 30% for the remaining three quarters in 2017, since we have not forecast any meaningful tax benefits associated with stock compensation. Also, we have not forecast any additional venture capital investment gains compared to the $0.06 contribution in the second quarter of last year. Our expectation for earnings per share in the second quarter is a slight increase from the second quarter of last year, which represents mid to high-single digit growth when normalizing for last year's venture capital investment gains. We were pleased with our strong start to the year on both the top and bottom line, including 8.2% organic revenue growth, and mid-teens earnings per share growth when excluding the excess tax benefit and venture capital investment gains. We're focused on continuing to build upon the progress that we made over the last several years. We are engaging with our clients and delivering solutions that are best suited to their individual needs. We are enhancing our operation efficiency to drive greater value to both our clients and our shareholders. And we are managing the business to meet both our near-term and long-term goals. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question, we'll go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Jim, can you  I know you've talked about it in detail in the biotech customer base, but if you could just  if there's any additional color on that, as you said, we've gotten a ton of questions on that from investors. And I guess, the  you saw this across some of the other players in the industry, and I just  is it just in terms of just readjusting (33:26) timing of what's going on, there were people worried about what's going on in Washington and that's what slowed it? I mean, did you get any  a bit more additional feedback from what's going on with that?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. There's really no additional color, Derik, in terms of people expressing any concern about Washington at all, any concern about funding at all. As we've said, the quarter started a little bit more slowly than we had maybe anticipated, or would have liked. We saw bookings. We saw sort of interest, inquiries, and bookings steadily increase, so there's crescendo in March. Feel really good about the backlog. So, we  it's large universal clients that we're dealing with, both U.S. and Europe, obviously biotech is primarily U.S., but large, medium and small biotech companies, let's say, if you want to call it an industry, that group of clients is extremely well funded, developing a lot of breakthrough drugs, a lot of money coming in from a variety of sources. And we really didn't hear anything to the contrary from anyone. And we know, when we look at our business volume, but we're checking in sort of real time with very senior people about this stuff, because we're hearing a lot, primarily from our investors, who  sort of news-generated as opposed to reality. So, didn't see any evidence of anything. And then actually, the quarter was enhanced by significant demand from our global clients because we re-upped several, actually, of our long-term agreements. They sort of all came together kind of in one quarter. We signed new ones, and we expanded some old ones and licensed some old ones. So, that always feels like it's shoring up the infrastructure for us. It gives us better visibility and predictability of our business model. So, look, we were very happy with the 8.2% top line. We would have, obviously, liked the DSA segment to have a stronger top line, but we really feel that the quarter strengthened so significantly and the bookings in backlog are so good. We still feel confident with our sort of full-year look at that, which we believe it'll be low double digit. And it's got this, sort of, by definition, a variable cadence. A lot of that work in safety in particular, even the discovery work. I mean, studies don't start and end at the beginning and the end of the quarter, and we're going to have some variability. And as we had in the conversation of the third quarter last year, we'd like to get people to look at sort of at least kind of the annual view of this. And so we feel good about what we're hearing, but more importantly of what we're experiencing from a bookings point of view.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Steve Reiman on for Tycho. Thanks for taking my question. So, with leverage continuing to move lower, can you talk about or give a little more color on the deal funnel? Public market prices are obviously continuing to hit all-time highs. So, curious to what you're seeing on the private side. And has it hit a point where the high prices have become an impediment to kind of driving your M&A strategy?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, we're obviously happy with our leverage. We continue to move it down as indicated and as we desire. Deal flow is great. Yeah, it's moderate PE, venture capital and some privately owned businesses of, I would say, small to modest size  mid-size. We don't always know, but we're increasingly feeling that we're likely to be the only or perhaps one of a couple of strategic buyers that were often competing with financial buyers who should never and often can never win a competitive bid process, given the cost and the revenue synergies that we have. So, look, we remain extremely disciplined in what we will pay. So, public company comps aside, we're not going to overpay for anything, we haven't done a deal in a long time, there was anything worse than neutral and many  most have been accretive. So, we're quite focused on that and gain the returns that we want. We have a whole range of targets that  all of whom would enhance our portfolio in a material and strategic fashion. We're looking at acquisition opportunities virtually in all of the areas where we feel that we have substantial growth and will make us a broader solution for our clients. So, yeah, we're very busy. As you know, we don't have any arbitrary goals for the year, except that our preferred use of capital is strategic M&A, we'll do good deals if we can get that done and the due diligence work (39:09) we won't do them if none of those things happen. Having said that, I suppose we'll be somewhat surprised and disappointed if we don't have some M&A concluded this fiscal year.
Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate the color.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Dave Windley from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to target my question around guidance and some components thereof. So, if you could explain the  I think in the first quarter, the $0.15 tax benefit item, but then for the quarter you're quantifying that as $0.10. Wondering what specifically the $0.05 mitigation factor is. And then how much of that is being included or rolled forward into the full year guidance that you are maintaining, I believe? And then, I guess, trying to understand how in that full year guidance, I suppose kind of the above-the-line or the margin expectations are changing if we have a maintained EPS target with a new tax benefit included in that. Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, well, there's a multi-part question there. So, let me see if I can go through...
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: I tried my best. Yeah.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. So, first of all, the $0.05. So, we had a different mix as a consequence of the VCs, because that has the U.S. tax burden to bear. You also saw very good performance in our Manufacturing sector and Microbial made up a component of that, and that also leveraged to the U.S. tax rate. So, the $0.05 there is to do with those two components. If we just kind of step out a little bit here, I mean, your wider question was how we might see the guidance for the whole year and where did the $0.05 come from. So, let me talk about $0.05 and then let's talk about the guidance for the year. So, the $0.05, I guess the way simplistically to look at this is that we were guiding on the VCs $0.04 for the entire year and we saw $0.05 in Q1. So, there's $0.01. We have also guided to the lower end of our guidance range for the interest expense, and so there's another $0.01. In terms of the excess tax benefit on the stock compensation, we were forecasting $0.12 for the entire year, and we saw $0.15 in Q1. So, there's another $0.03, and that essentially makes the $0.05. Yes, we're kind of guiding that we're not expecting to see much in a meaningful manner coming from the excess tax benefit on the stock compensation for the remainder of the year. There may be some, but we should remember that this is now part of the effective tax rate calculations. So, we have lots of puts and takes, and this new ruling on the stock compensation is just another put and take that we have within our effective tax rate. So, we feel that we're guiding correctly. 28% to 29% is what we said for the effective tax rate for the full-year and we now feel that we're at the lower end of that range. So overall, the benefits that you're seeing in the increased guideline or the guidance is coming from the VCs, tax and interest. Just a reflection that I have, if you look at Q1, we delivered at the total level on sales, OI, and earnings per share if you adjust for the VCs and the tax, we're saying the same thing for the full-year on operational total sales, total OI (43:05), EPS will still be, we feel, delivered. What we're seeing is that within the actual segments, we're seeing a mix change. So, we're seeing good performance in the revenue in both RMS and Manufacturing and we have stated that that will probably moderate as we go through the year. Within exchange, we should see an increase in the DSA segment. In particular, we think the margin will climb again partly because of the revenue mix and we call that how we felt about the pipeline, but also the margin gets benefit because we still got the WIL and Agilux acquisitions in there and we continue to drive the integration and drive those margins up. So, that's another component as to why the DSA margin will improve.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Just wanted to come back to some of the comments you made on slide 10. Just to clarify, the slow start to the year, was that primarily among your smaller biotechs or did you see them among large pharma as well? And I think in the past, you were getting a point where some new study starts were starting to get a little bit delayed reflecting sort of a stronger demand. Are you still seeing that or at this point, is it  are we not seeing any study start delays within tox? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Study starts within tox are inherent in the toxicology business. So, we'll always see them. Companies who used to do the work themselves always suffer internally, it's (44:52) when the drug is ready on time, ease or difficulty formulating it, priorities within the business. So, that goes to backlog. And as backlog improves, that's always less of an issue. So, we saw, as I said earlier, we saw a strong global client impact in the first quarter because of lots of signings of big deals, that's always a good thing even though our revenue is slightly larger for the biotech clients. And we're seeing sort of an evaluation that always happens in the first quarter of what drugs they want to approve, and when they want to get started, so safety is typically lighter anyway was kind of what we expected, maybe a little bit slower. But as I said earlier, extremely pleased with the solidification and the intensification of demand and inquiries pretty much on a world-wide basis, pretty much throughout the entire client base as the quarter ended. So, we're seeing very good client interaction. And it's hard to slice it because we have so many clients, both very large and very small. You have to remember that very small has never had any internal infrastructure, so they are totally dependent on Charles River, or the companies like us. So, if the work is available, it will come outside.
John C. Kreger - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We will go to the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. It's Luke on for Ross. I guess on the Biologics and Manufacturing Testing, it's been such a strong driver for you guys lately. Can you just talk about where you think we are in the cycle and about how your entire portfolio kind of helps you forecast from you have the tox in the beginning with the DSA and then that goes all the way through manufacturing, where we can kind of see if it's like a leading or lagging indicator?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, it doesn't strike me that it's sort of cycle-related. And it's not necessarily particularly well-correlated with other parts of the business, although that may change over time. So, the business is increasingly improving, I'd say, the last two or three years, we've seen the sort of growth rates that we had desired and the operating margins that we had desired. We're investing significantly in capacity and scientists, and then our capabilities, which are continuously broad gauged. So, as the industry has more biologics that get to the clinic, whether they get to market or get to the clinic, that work almost entirely goes outside. When the drugs are approved, sometimes it goes inside, but often it stays outside as well. So, I guess it's most closely correlated to the increase and enhanced number of biologics that are both in the pipeline and getting to market. If and as that continues to increase, which I think everybody would agree, it will continue to increase. The power of those drugs are sort of undeniable, to be a very, very good business model  business for us. We have a very good geographic footprint, which I think is a competitive advantage for us. And obviously, the  while other parts of our business may not be predictively correlated, clients increasingly want to buy more services from a small number of providers. And so, if they can get the biologics service from us, even if it's not specifically a drug that we've done tox for them or pharmacology with them, but it's a bigger relationship and a better value proposition, they will do that. So, we're seeing that increasingly. We had a conversation yesterday about a client that's gone from having 28 providers of their work to one. Don't think that's unusual. I think that's  that makes their business easier  everyone is in a rush to market, so managing their outside suppliers kind of is a distraction. So, if you could find a scientific partner who will help you from a regulatory point of view and scientific point of view and a speed point of view, and you can buy multiple services and, I suppose, products as well from that provider, it's definitely a win-win for them, and obviously for us as well.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Good. Great. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the safety assessment trends in the quarter. Could you elaborate on the commentary related to the competitive environment? Was this something one-off going on or broader, and what do you think was driving the behavior?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. It's not all that different than we see. I mean, I think the competitive environment is what it is, right? You've got about half a dozen big players and that's it. We're the largest player. The first quarter tends to be a little bit slower. There's a sorting out period, prioritization, which we always see. The fourth quarter is often slow, it's kind of difficult to predict. I think all of us  can't really speak for our competitors  so I think all of us are hard at work making sure we have a strong start to the year. We utilize our capacity well. And I think that we saw that happening in the very, very early part of the quarter, for sure January, a little bit less, but  February as well, and then very strong fortification and a lot of activity in March. It's really not that unusual. So, I don't think it's all that different. I do think that all of us appear busy. Demand is, I think, good, both short-term and long-term indications. We're not seeing any sort of crazy, overly aggressive pricing dynamics. And I think people's capacity, competitors' capacity as well as ours, are well utilized. So, it feels like a very rational, somewhat respectful business environment, and we feel that we can build upon the first quarter for the rest of the year.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Most of my questions have been asked, but just a couple of clarifications here. So, Jim, one of your competitors talked about some weakness in their business. Do you think that the organic growth that you're achieving, does that reflect kind of like market growth, or are you gaining share? And then, secondly, we are starting to see kind of like an increased wave of zero (52:33) consolidation on the clinical side. I was wondering if you have any views on what's driving it?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. You know, we're not experts in the clinical side. I think what's driving it, I think there's a lot of players, and scale is obviously really important. There's a couple of really big ones. So, not really surprised. Then a couple of the people that are being consolidated haven't had the best performance. So, probably on a consolidated basis, with appropriate synergies, the businesses will just be stronger. So business is very much outsourced right now. So, not surprising, not surprising at all. With regard to safety, we are unquestionably taking share from multiple competitors, I think we have for a while. I think the business volume  I think you have two things going on. You have pharma continuing to dismantle capacity and outsource. Pharma tends to like the really big players. So, we're getting a lot of that work, and I could think of one, and perhaps one other competitor who might be seeing a lot of that work. And then of course, you have lots of new biotech companies who didn't exist last year, didn't have drugs that were available to be tested, and they didn't have the technologies or the funding, whatever, and of course, they never had any internal capacity. So, I do think that the demand proposition is an extremely attractive one and one that should be persistent and somewhat consistent over a year. And the point that we really want to make that  well, so let me make it again  is that there has been variability from quarter-to-quarter. It's not something that's unlikely that we'll see again. We feel very strongly about the double-digit organic growth rate proposition for the DSA segment and for safety in and out of itself over a year's period. Felt quite good about that. We hope it's up double-digit every quarter, it just kind of not the way it's probably going to turn out just because of the cadence of the work. And so we certainly look beyond the modest variability from quarter-to-quarter as we utilize our space well, make the appropriate investments in people. So, we feel very good about the demand.
Ricky R. Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we have a question from Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is actually Hong (55:25) on for Erin. Thanks for taking our question. We just have one really quick one. Would you guys mind giving us an update on your Early Discovery business, what you're seeing there in regards to sort of your large pharma customers and just sort of your outlook for the rest of the year?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, the Early Discovery business continues to stabilize and strengthen. We have new management, we have new sales organization, we have an integrated drug development group that cuts across multiple therapeutic areas and in vivo and in vitro capabilities. We've done some creative deals. We announced a big deal with Nimbus during the quarter. We announced an extension with Chiesi during the quarter. It's a modest amount of our deals, but we're being much more creative with the way we structure deals. We did well with pharma in the quarter, we did well with small biotech companies as well. So, while Early Discovery was still slightly down, it is strengthening both top and bottom line. And most importantly, the client  the universe of clients that we're engaging with and signing work with is increasing. So, we really feel good about its stabilization and its future prospects.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from Tim Evans from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. This is Sara Silverman on for Tim. I want to see if you guys could elaborate a little bit more on the specific mix issues that you're seeing impacting the DSA margin outside of acquisitions this quarter, like any additional color there would be helpful. Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. I'll give you some more color, but I'll keep it a little bit general. So, when we talk about mix, we talk about the mix between short and long-term studies. By the way, you don't get long-term studies unless you do the short one. The mix between general and specialty tox, specialty tox is often, not always, but often later in a clinical trial process, tends to be higher margin, less price sensitive and often the clients never had the capability and some of our competitors don't as well. And we also take a look at the ancillary or necessary laboratory scientist work that goes along with those. The predictability of what that mix will be amongst all of those six elements is impossible, just put it that way. The good news for us is we have a very large capability in specialty toxicology. So, over a year's period, we'll see a pretty good mix. We'll see good mix of lab scientist work as well and we hope obviously that the work that we start with short-term studies, assuming the drugs look promising, move into later stage. So, you can infer from what I just said that the mix was a little less desirable in the first quarter. Again, totally beyond our control, but sort of directionally and with some level of certainty that will enhance and strengthen and approve during the back half of the year.
Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Speakers, I'll turn it back.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Healthcare Conference next Tuesday or the Jefferies Healthcare Conference on June 7. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter Earnings and 2017 Guidance Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' fourth quarter 2016 earnings and 2017 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our fourth quarter and full-year results and guidance for 2017. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 416045. The replay will be available through February 28. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 12, 2016, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. I'm very pleased to say that 2016 was an important year for Charles River's strategic growth. Investments we've made enhanced our position as a trusted scientific partner by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and government and non-governmental organizations worldwide. With the acquisitions of the WIL Research, Blue Stream and Agilux, we continue to expand our unique portfolio of central products and services, which support the discovery and early development to new therapies for the treatment of disease. We made significant progress on our efficiency initiatives, exceeding the targets we set. We continued to invest in our scientific capabilities, and in the necessary staff to ensure that we could meet the needs of our clients and support our future growth. The success of our efforts was evident not only in our outstanding financial performance, but also in the fact that we worked on approximately 70% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2016, a significant increase from 55% for the previous two years. That is an accomplishment few CROs can claim, and we believe is a testament to the value that many of our clients place on our contributions to their research efforts. Let me give you highlights on our fourth quarter and full-year performance. We reported revenue of $466.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, a 31.9% increase. Organic growth was 8.3%, with all our businesses except Early Discovery contributing, and we continued to make progress on our plan to improve the Early Discovery performance. Each of our client segments, Global Accounts, Biotech and Other, and Academic and Government, generated higher revenue with biotechnology clients again contributing a double-digit increase. The operating margin was 19.2%, a decrease of 150 basis points year-over-year. However, you should recall that the fourth quarter of 2015 included a one-time benefit from the Quebec tax change. When adjusting for that benefit, there's only a 50-basis-point decline, which was due primarily to higher corporate costs. We were very pleased with the margin improvement in the RMS and Manufacturing segments and with the DSA margin. Although the DSA margin declined year-over-year, it exceeded our long-term target as a result of higher revenue and efficiency initiatives. Earnings per share were $1.21 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 21% from $1 in the fourth quarter of 2015. The improvement was due primarily to higher revenue and operating income, in part as a result of the WIL acquisition. In 2016, revenue was $1.68 billion, a reported growth rate of 23.3%, and an organic growth rate of 7.7%, in the range of our long-term high-single-digit target. The operating margin was 19.2%, only 20 basis points below 2015, but a 10-basis-point improvement when adjusting for the Quebec tax change in 2015. Earnings per share were $4.56, a 21.3% increase over the prior year. When adjusting for gains on our venture capital investments, which were $0.13 in 2016 compared to $0.05 in 2015, the earnings per share growth rate was just slightly lower at 19.4%. We believe that our strong performance in 2016 thoroughly demonstrates that we've worked very hard to achieve the strongest portfolio that we've ever had, with the ability to support clients from target discovery through non-clinical development, deep client relationships and the successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the early-stage research partner of choice. We are very enthusiastic about the outlook for 2017. Demand for our products and services is robust, and we continue to gain market share, which supports our expectation for organic growth in a range from 7% to 8.5%. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in a range from $5 to $5.10, which represents an increase of nearly 11% at the midpoint and meets our goal of earnings growth at a higher rate than revenue growth. You should bear in mind that our guidance includes a gain of $0.04 from venture capital investments, which is $0.09 less than the gain included in 2016 earnings per share. And foreign exchange is another $0.10 headwind for 2017 earnings. As we announced in our earnings release this morning, we divested our CDMO business worth $75 million on February 10. The CDMO business was not optimized within our portfolio at its current scale, so we were very pleased to place this high quality business in a more synergistic parent. We plan to redeploy the capital in our long-term growth priorities  opportunities. For 2017, the divestiture reduces reported revenue growth by approximately 1% as a minimal effect an organic revenue growth and a negligible effect on non-GAAP earnings per share. I'd like to provide you with the details on the fourth quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $124.7 million, an increase of 5.7% on an organic basis. This was a very strong performance, driven both by sales of research models and research model services. Sales of models in the U.S. and China were robust. In both regions, we continued to see increased demand for inbred research models, which we believe are the models of choice for translational research. And we also gained market share in the U.S. and China as clients made the decision that at a comparable price, Charles River provides a superior product and better service and support. In Research Model Services, both the GEMS and RADS businesses delivered strong performances. We offer clients the ability to outsource services to a strong scientific partner, which is a more flexible and cost-efficient alternative than maintaining capabilities in-house. Revenue growth was driven by new contracts, extensions of existing contracts, and for RADS, in part by special projects, which we do not expect to reoccur in 2017. In the fourth quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 190 basis points to 27.3%, with leverage from higher revenue and the benefit of systems-related efficiency initiatives driving the improvement. We continue to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations, particularly through the automation of manual processes and the implementation of systems to improve data availability and accuracy. As a result, we maintain our belief that an annual RMS operating margin in the high-20% range is sustainable. The Manufacturing Support segment finished a very strong year with an outstanding fourth quarter performance. Revenue was $100.3 million, representing growth of 12.9% on an organic basis, driven by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses. Microbial Solutions was the primary driver of the increase, reporting revenue growth in the mid-teens on an organic basis. Our continuous product innovation has expanded the applications for the PTS, whether as a result of higher throughput from the MCS and Nexus or improved connectivity from the nexgen. Client conversion to our rapid endotoxin testing systems in 2016 drove higher cartridge sales, which was primarily evident in the fourth quarter. When I spoke to you last February, I said that execution of our sales strategies for both the sterile and non-sterile markets would be a key component of revenue growth in 2016. The sales organization was extensively trained on selling the broader Microbial Solutions portfolio, and I'm pleased to say that in 2016, our targeted sales strategies did generate synergies. The advantages of using both an endotoxin and bioburden testing system from the same provider who also offers microbial identification are resonating with clients. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The Biologics business reported another very strong performance in the fourth quarter, delivering robust revenue growth. Our continued investment in expanding our Biologics portfolio, most recently with the acquisition of Blue Stream, has enabled us to provide a comprehensive portfolio of both bioanalytical and biosafety testing services, with the ability to support biologic and biosimilar development from discovery through clinical phases and commercial manufacturing. This has increased the value proposition for our clients. And as demand for our services grows, we have added capacity, especially in the U.S. We believe that the services our Biologics business provides are particularly important now, when the number of biologic drugs in development is increasing. Our goal is to be well-positioned to capitalize on this expanding opportunity, which we believe will support our growth in the coming years. The Manufacturing segment's fourth quarter operating margin was 34.2%, a 40-basis-point increase over the prior year. The improvement was driven primarily by the Microbial Solutions business, which benefited both from increased volume and efficiency initiatives. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $241.7 million, a 7.9% increase on an organic basis. The legacy Safety Assessment business was the primary growth driver, reporting a low double-digit revenue increase over the fourth quarter of 2015. As expected, studies had been delayed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, and those were initiated, and demand for our Safety Assessment services was robust. We continued to attract new business on the basis of our strong portfolio, scientific expertise and flexible and customized working relationships, all of which were strengthened by the acquisition of WIL last April. During the integration process, we have focused on leveraging the best practices of both Charles River and WIL, which has enhanced our ability to support our clients' goal of improved efficiency and effectiveness of their early-stage drug research efforts. Occupancy continued at near optimal levels. And as we have done for the last three years, we plan to open an appropriate number of study rooms in 2017 in order to accommodate the persistent demand. The Discovery Services business performed better than our expectations in the fourth quarter, including Agilux, which also exceeded our expectations. Although organic revenue was still below last year as a result of the Early Discovery business, we believe that the realignment of our sales strategies will enable us to generate growth over time, as the Early Discovery outsourcing market evolves. The Discovery business is a small, but extremely strategic one. Having Discovery capabilities enables us to engage with clients early in the research process and continue to move downstream with them through non-clinical development. DSA margin was 23.8% in the fourth quarter of 2016, a decline of 330 basis points year-over-year. However, as I noted earlier, the fourth quarter of 2015 included a significant benefit from the Quebec tax change. When adjusting for that benefit, the margin in the fourth quarter of 2015 would have been approximately 24.8%. The 100-basis-point year-over-year decline was primarily due to the fact that WIL's operating margin was below the segment average. We did make very good progress on WIL synergies this year, achieving an operating margin above 20% in the fourth quarter. I remind you that our margin progress may not be linear, but WIL's fourth quarter performance supports our expectation that WIL's operating margin will be consistently at or above 20% by the end of 2017. As we continue to broaden our unique portfolio and enhance our scientific expertise, we are enhancing the value we can provide in support of our clients' early-stage drug research efforts. This was demonstrated in 2016 by the fact that each of our client segments, Global Accounts, Biotech and Other, and Academic and Government contributed to our revenue growth. As has been the case in recent years, the most significant contribution came from our Biotech and Other segment, which in addition to virtual, small and mid-sized biotech companies, includes small pharmaceutical, agricultural, chemical and veterinary medicine companies as well as CROs. This client segment represents approximately 50% of our revenue, with biotech companies accounting for approximately 60% of that percentage. It's not surprising that biotech companies were the primary driver of our revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year. A significant number of new therapies, which are being discovered, are coming from biotech. And because of the potential cure for disease that these therapies represent, biotechs have support from large biopharma, venture capital funds, and the capital markets. We've spoken previously about our belief that biotechs have at least three years to cash on hand, which was likely reinforced by funding from all three sources in 2016. Funding for biotechs from the capital markets was $86 billion in 2016, second only to the record-breaking $109 billion in 2015. Furthermore, most biotech companies do not invest in infrastructure, preferring a more flexible and cost-efficient structure, which enables them to move drugs through the pipeline more effectively. Many of these clients prefer to work with Charles River because of the breadth of our portfolio, which enables them to work with one partner across the early-stage drug research process and also because of our focus on scientific expertise. Clients, particularly those with limited in-house infrastructure, want a strong scientific partner who can assist them in making the critical go and no-go decisions as to which drugs have the greatest potential and should progress through the development pipeline. The acquisitions we made in 2015 and 2016, particularly WIL, with its predominantly small to mid-sized biotech client base, effectively diversified our client concentration. As a result, we now have no single client that accounts for more than 3% of our revenue compared to 5% in previous years. Offering our unique portfolio, world-class scientific expertise, and best-in-class client service at an effective price has been the cornerstone of our value proposition for clients and is clearly resonated with them. Our organic growth rate was 7.7% in 2016, and the range for 2017 is 7% to 8.5%. As our clients increase their use of outsourcing and choose to partner with Charles River, we want to ensure that we can meet their current needs and anticipate their future requirements. Clients continually tell us that our staff's commitment to exceptional client service and our scientific expertise are what differentiate us as a partner of choice. Given our rapid growth over the last few years and our expectation for its continuation, our ongoing efforts to identify and hire the best scientific and operational personnel are a key priority in order to maintain and enhance our position as the CRO of choice. We need to ensure that our management team is strong and we are appropriately staffed and that all staff are extraordinarily well trained to deliver the exceptional service for which Charles River is known and respected. This is a critical component of the effective execution of our business strategy and the foundation of our future growth. We intend to continue to assess opportunities to broaden our early-stage portfolio with strategic acquisitions and in-house development, to increase our scientific capabilities and therapeutic area expertise, and to invest in efficiency and productivity initiatives. By leveraging the investments we have made, and new ones we intend to make, we will continue to differentiate Charles River as the CRO partner of choice for early-stage drug research. We are very enthusiastic about the opportunities available to us in 2017 and are working harder to capitalize on them. All of our efforts to date have been focused on positioning Charles River as the premier early-stage contract research organization with a unique portfolio and the scientific expertise to partner with all types of clients. Global biopharma companies, which are increasingly making a more significant commitment to outsourcing as they strive to improve operating efficiency and then increase pipeline productivity. Biotech companies and non-governmental organizations, which have always preferred outsourcing to building infrastructure. And academic institutions, which are working with biopharma to monetize innovation and require partners to provide expertise in drug discovery and development. We believe that our clients are searching for the right partners to support them by taking on a broader role within their organizations, and Charles River intends to be that partner. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'd like David Smith to give you additional details on our financial performance and 2017 guidance.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, and certain other items. Many of my comments will also refer to organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, last week's divestiture of the CDMO business, which we acquired with WIL Research in April 2016, the impact of foreign currency translation and the 53rd week in 2016. Lastly, ended on a very positive note. Robust order activity for most of our businesses led to fourth quarter revenue growth, and earnings per share have exceeded our prior expectations. The strong finish to the year enhanced our confidence in the growth prospects for 2017. We're well positioned to deliver expected earnings per share between $5 and $5.10 in 2017, which represents a low double-digit growth rate. Now, our two primary drivers supporting this outlook, continued solid revenue growth and meaningful operating margin expansion. In 2017, we expect organic revenue growth on a consolidated basis to be in the range of 7% to 8.5%. This growth rate is consistent with both the 2016 growth rate and the long-term financial target that we reiterated at our Investor Day in last August. On a reported basis, we expect consolidated revenue growth to be in the range of 7.5% to 9%. The difference between 2017 reported and organic growth are as follows: Acquisitions are expected to add 5% to 6% to revenue growth, primarily driven by the revenue contribution from WIL in the first quarter. The divestiture of the CDMO business is expected to reduce reported revenue growth by approximately 1%. Foreign exchange is expected to reduce revenue growth by approximately 2% to 2.5%. I will discuss foreign exchange in greater detail shortly, including the impact of the earnings per share. And the 53rd week, which was required in 2016 to align with the December 31 calendar year-end, will reduce reported revenue growth by approximately 1.5%. From a segment perspective, the 2017 organic revenue growth drivers in each of our business segments are also expected to be very similar to those last year. RMS growth should continue to be driven by the services business as well as robust demand for research models in China, resulting in organic growth in the low- to mid-single digits. We expect the DSA segment to deliver low-double digit organic growth, reflecting a continuation of strong client demand from Safety Assessment and In Vivo Discovery businesses. The Manufacturing segment is expected to generate organic growth of approximately 10%, driven by both the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses. We expect realized price increases to contribute approximately 3% to consolidated revenue growth in 2017 with the increases from most of our businesses to be relatively similar to last year. On a reported basis, revenue for the RMS segments is expected to decline slightly, primarily due to the headwinds from the 53rd week and foreign exchange. The DSA segment is expected to be in the mid- to high-teens, reflecting the contribution from the 2016 acquisitions of WIL and Agilux. And Manufacturing segment is expected to be in the low- to mid-single digits, primarily due to the impact of the CDMO divestiture. In addition to revenue growth, we expect operating margin expansion to be a meaningful driver to earnings growth this year. We are anticipating the 2017 non-GAAP operating margin to be at or near our long-term target of greater than 20%. This represents an increase of up to 100 basis points, driven by margin improvement in each of our three segments and corporate expenses, which will moderate as a percentage of revenue. Margin expansion will be driven by leverage from higher sales volume and our efficiency initiatives, including continued progress on the acquisition synergies related to WIL. Over time, our efficiency program has become more sophisticated, evolving from pure cost reduction to improving processes, to leveraging IT and automation, and to optimizing capacity to generate savings. Both the realized benefits in 2016 and our expectations for 2017 exceed the outlook that we provided at our Investor Day last August. We achieved incremental savings of approximately $54 million in 2016, a significant step up from $38 million in 2015 due to expanding the scope of the program and because of the synergies from the WIL acquisition. This year, we expect to generate a benefit of at least $55 million through projects focused on many of the same areas  processes, automation and utilization, but we also continue to enhance the program to encompass new areas, such as our customer-facing strategies and employee retention. Unallocated corporate expenses in 2016 were higher than our November outlook, primarily because of the fourth quarter increase in performance-based compensation costs related to our financial outperformance in 2016. Corporate costs will moderate from 7.5% of revenue in 2016 to approximately 7% of revenue in 2017, which will contribute to the operating margin improvement. We intend to continue to make investments in our people, processes and systems, which will generate efficiency and productivity benefits. As mentioned, we are pleased with this year's low-double digit earnings growth outlook, particularly because we are offsetting some fairly significant headwinds this year, the largest of which are foreign exchange and venture capital investments. We also expect interest expense to increase in 2017, due in part to the rising interest rate environment. Adjusting for these items, earnings per share growth rate would meaningfully exceed revenue growth in 2017, which is consistent with our long-term financial target. Foreign exchange has become a more significant headwind for 2017 as a result of the weakening of most foreign currencies towards the end of last year, especially the British pound following the Brexit vote. Foreign currency translation is expected to reduce reported revenue growth by 2% to 2.5% and earnings per share by approximately $0.10. Our foreign currency exposure in the UK and Canada will somewhat mitigate the negative impact of earnings per share, but we still expect a meaningful headwind this year. You may recall that in the UK and Canada, we invoiced less than half of our revenue in the local currency, but incur nearly all of our costs in that currency. We have provided an updated revenue breakdown by currency for 2016 on slide 39 in our presentation. Consistent with our guidance in recent years, we have forecast venture capital investment gains of $0.04 in 2017, which is the expected return on invested capital that we believe we should generate on these investments. However, this represents a $0.09 headwind to 2017 earnings per share when compared to the $0.13 of investment gains realized last year. We remain pleased with our two-pronged strategy for our venture capital investments, which is to generate attractive investment returns and to have preferred access to a growing number of emerging biotech companies in the VC portfolios. In 2016, revenue generated from these portfolio companies increased significantly year-over-year to nearly $90 million as a result of expanded relationships with our existing portfolio of companies, new VC relationships and the addition of WIL. Net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $29 million to $31 million in 2017 compared to $25.4 million in 2016. The increase is the result of our assumption that LIBOR rates will continue to gradually increase in 2017 as well as an additional quarter of interest expense related to the WIL acquisition. We expect to continue to repay debt in 2017, which will partially offset the effect of higher interest rates. This year's non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the range of 28% to 29%, similar or slightly favorable to the 29% rate last year. Our tax guidance does not include the impact of any potential U.S. tax reform initiatives. We expect an estimated tax benefit from the adoption of the new FASB rule, ASU 2016-09, on the accounting treatment of excess tax benefits on stock compensation, but believe it will be partially offset by costs associated with tax planning initiatives. We also expect upward pressure on the effective tax rate related to geographic earnings mix and a tax law change in a European jurisdiction. Free cash flow in 2016 was $245 million, an increase of $20 million from $225 million in 2015. The $20 million increase reflects our focus on working capital and cash management, which have offset significant cash charges related to the WIL acquisition and integration last year. In 2017, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $265 million to $275 million. This year, capital expenditures are expected to total $75 million to $85 million. The increase from $55 million last year will be driven primarily by new projects to support growth. We plan to build a new RMS facility in the Shanghai area, in order to expand our geographic presence in the high growth China market. We will continue to modestly increase capacity in our Safety Assessment business, as we have done in recent years, and we will also continue to invest in projects to enhance the automation and efficiency of our businesses through IT investments. Following the acquisition of WIL, our capital priorities were focused on debt repayment. We successfully reduced our pro forma leverage ratio from 3.4 times following the WIL acquisition to 2.7 times at year end. We had $1.21 billion in total debt outstanding at year end after repaying over $200 million in debt following the WIL acquisition. With our leverage ratio well within our targeted range, we expect that top priority for 2017 capital deployment will be strategic acquisitions. Our M&A pipeline is robust with numerous opportunities to enhance or expand our scientific capabilities and supplement our organic growth. The net proceeds from the CDMO divestiture, which are expected to total approximately $65 million after cash tax expense will provide additional capital to invest in growth opportunities. In addition to M&A, we expect to continue to repay debt and also resume stock repurchases with the purpose of offsetting dilution from option exercises and equity awards, and maintaining our share count at approximately 48 million diluted shares outstanding. Before I discuss our outlook for the first quarter, I will recap our 2017 financial guidance. We expect organic revenue growth of 7% to 8.5%, which is similar to the 7.7 percentage level achieved last year and a consolidated operating margin at or near 20% or up to 100 basis points higher than 19.2% last year. We expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 7% of revenue, slightly lower than the 2016 level. Interest expense to be higher than 2016 in the range of $29 million to $31 million and the tax rate similar to 2016 in the range of 28% to 29%. Earnings per share is expected to increase at a low double digit rate to a range of $5 per share to $5.10 per share. Free cash flow is expected to increase to $265 million to $275 million and CapEx is expected to be in the range of $75 million to $85 million. In the first quarter of 2017, we expect year-over-year revenue growth to be in the mid-20% range on a reported basis. First quarter revenue growth will be driven by the contribution from acquisitions, primarily WIL, and continued robust organic growth consistent with our guidance range for the year. The operating margin is expected to be similar to the first quarter of 2016 and earnings per share is expected to increase at a mid- to high-teens high growth. This outlook represents a sequential decline from fourth quarter level, which is in line with historical trends. The primary drivers of the sequential decline this year are the headwinds from the 53rd week, the divestiture of the CDMO business and normal seasonal order activity at the beginning of a new year, primarily in the DSA and Manufacturing segments. You may recall that there is typically lighter Safety Assessment study activity in January and February, as clients' programs are prioritized for the year. And for Microbial Solutions, some clients utilize available funds in December to purchase consumables ahead of price increases at the beginning of the year. To conclude, we are very pleased with our continued progress in 2016. We believe that our investments to support future growth, our culture of continuous improvement, and our mission to deliver even greater value to our clients are the driving forces behind our position as the leading full service early-stage CRO. We are now keenly focused on building upon this leadership position to achieve our financial targets and enhance shareholder value in 2017 and beyond. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will go to Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, guys, and congrats. So, maybe as we think about the cadence into FY 2017, it seems like the business obviously is growing at quite a good clip and you're continuing to invest to continue to foster that growth. I guess, when you think about the number one or two priorities on the investment side in terms of where we should be focused for maybe even either continuation in elevated level or an acceleration in the business, where should we be looking at that? And then, how do you balance that against obviously the desire to show operating margin expansion next year, which obviously seems key to the earnings growth trajectory, ex the noise on some of the other moving parts?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, on the CapEx side, we're going to be investing in capacity for pre-clinical business in multiple sides as we indicated, and we have a major initiative in China to provide more capacity to service the fastest growing market that we have there. From a sort of an operating P&L point of view, we need to invest in our staff and our benefits and in IT initiatives to continue to support a more complex business. And we're confident, as we said, that we'll be able to do all of that, particularly P&L side, and continues to drive sufficient amount  significant amount of efficiency and pricing and mix, so we'll be able to improve our operating margins by about 100 basis points. So we feel really good  that's obviously been a long-term goal of us to be at 20% all-in, and we're optimistic that we will be able to get there.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: And maybe on DSA, I mean, there was some skepticism after 3Q as we saw a little bit of a pause in Discovery Services but not the traditional business, but it obviously seems like things bounced back, as you had expected in 4Q. On a client basis, strength appeared to be pretty broad. I mean, I guess, versus your expectations, how are you looking at the different segments in terms of how they paced and how they're, again, jumping off into 2017 and where do you think, if we're going to see any surprise up or down, you're likely to see that in DSA from a customer segment perspective?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: As we said during our third quarter call, and I said there was still some skepticism even though we said, that business is now linear, and we were quite confident we would deliver low-double digit organic growth rate, which we did, and we also guided to during that fourth quarter, which we did. So we weren't concerned at all by anything that happened in the third quarter. We also did call out the fact that the Early Discovery business had been performing less well than we had anticipated, but that we had taken great strides in restructuring the operations and the sales efforts there, and it's actually going really well. And the non-early development piece of discovery is going well also. From a client demand point of view, biotech continues to disproportionately drive our top-line in a significant fashion. We just have a plethora of new clients and expanding relationships with current clients and of course many of the biotech companies are getting drugs to market and have been well financed both from the capital markets and big pharma. We're also continuing to see pretty significant infrastructure reductions by a few of the large drug companies who still have significant amounts of infrastructure and, let's say, safety assessment. And we're beginning to get some really good traction from NGOs and academic institutions. So, it's hard to see which if any of those client bases would deliver us a negative surprise, which I think is where you phrased or I guess what could be an opportunity or a headwind. I think, it's more likely that we continue to see the sort of significant demand sort of driven by the new innovation for the biotech companies who become the discovery engines to big pharma. So, we're really organizing ourselves to have enough capacity, have the right people ready and trained, and be able to interface with these clients in a flexible, nimble fashion, which we have been able to do, and I think our ability to continue to respond that way should be able to ensure that we can meet that demand.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, Jim.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start with RMS and get your thoughts on growth into 2017. And just any changes there, talk about the traction in China and some of the investments you're making would be great?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. So, we continue to see China as the principal growth engine for RMS growth. It's growing disproportionately fast to other geographic locales with very good operating margins I might add. It's a very large market, which is sort of underserviced right now by everyone. We're building facilities, hiring staff as quickly as we can. We remain a sort of only and premier commercial provider in that locale, and we're quite confident that that will continue  we'll continue to see those growth rates. We saw pretty good growth in the U.S. and Europe as well, taking some share  significant sales of inbred models, which are used extensively in translational research. And we'll continue to get some price maybe a couple of percent net all-in for RMS across all geographic locales. We're also confident that the service piece is particularly the GEMS piece, the Genetically Engineered Models and Services piece, where those products are particularly important for discovery research, should continue to perform well. So, again, we're sort of guiding to our longer term targets of low- to mid-single digits. We certainly hope we can deliver mid, but we want to continue to put multiple quarters together to demonstrate that. But we feel good about the demand. We feel very good about the competitive posture. It's quite strong and we have always been able to get a bit of price as I said, there's also continued mix enrichments in the research model business as we get more high-value animal models.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then, just want a follow-up on the pricing changes contemplated in guidance, I caught the 3%, but what's embedded within Safety Assessment? And then, David, I think, you mentioned some purchasing ahead of some of the price increases, just any thoughts on trying to quantify that? Thank you.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, in terms of price, we've called out that collectively we think we will get 3% for the total business. I guess, the way to look at the pricing is, very similar cadence that saw in 2015 and 2016, so we called that out in the past. We're not expecting a significant shift in the way that the pricing pans out during the course of 2017. And in terms of your second question, in Microbial, we did see some customers take the opportunity to buy in December ahead of price increases. That's not necessarily unusual. It's sort of a quick pattern that we see in Microbial.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Jim, just wanted to go back to the Biotech and Other segment. You mentioned 50% of revenue now coming from this cohort, the segment clearly has been a key driver now for the past few years. Just curious on your view of where we are in this particular innovation cycle. And then, other than cash on hand, are there other metrics that you monitor that give you confidence that this group can support the continued strength you've seen?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Probably the best monitoring metric for us is the fact that we are dealing literally with several thousand clients in that segment, and some international cadre of clients, albeit predominantly North American because that's where most of biotech is, but we feel that foreign clients as well. There are so many data points and so much consistency of demand across this client base. So we would see very early and we would see multiple indications from clients, so there were some level of concern on their part whether it's related to funding assuming that was their concern or some problem with pipelines or some kind of scientific logjam. And we  not only we're not hearing any of that, we're hearing sort of the antithesis of that, which is clients continuously asking us, do you have enough space? Do you have enough people? Can you accommodate my work? How long do I have to wait to start a study? How much are you sort of backed up? I'm really concerned about getting in the queue. So, we have a high degree of confidence that these companies are extremely well-financed, because there's a lot of money in their bank accounts and on the balance sheets and the capital markets. Big pharma will pick up the slack for sure, assuming there is any slack, and we don't think there's going to be any. By the way, 2016 was a great year of investment and innovation. And then, I guess, secondarily, our confidence stems from the enormous amount of scientific innovation that we're seeing. I have been with a client last night, he's a CEO of an oncology company that has a whole new way to attack cancers and has a drug filed and looks like there's a probability of success. So we're seeing all the immunos, particularly immuno-oncology coming to fruition and monoclonal antibodies coming to fruition and gene-editing and other technologies that are very promising. So, tied to comprehended scenario where either the capital markets or big pharma doesn't fund those technologies. It's hard to believe that any of these biotech companies will set up internal infrastructure. As the guy said to me last night, why would we ever do that? So they just won't, it's not our opinion, that's just a fact. So, as long as the companies are well financed and the science is robust, we think the work will continue to be available, and our job is to be able to accommodate it but also to do the work really well. And we're quite confident in our ability to do both of those.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, Jim, actually my quick follow-up you kind of touched on was just around capacity, given the strength seen this past year and in the quarter and implied in guidance. Where are you today with capacity relative to demand?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, so we feel good about our capacity. It's kind of just where we would want it. I would say that we are capacity and safety assessment is well utilized, meaning that we're very efficient and we're generating very good margins. By the same token, we have added and we'll continue to add relatively modest amounts of space at multiple sites, the largest amounts of space that we obviously have added is reopening Massachusetts. There are 80 rooms there, of which 40 we have opened. It gives us enough capacity to accommodate the demand that we anticipate. If the demand is actually higher than we anticipate, we could always put into service the other 80 rooms in Massachusetts. We would have to hire the staff obviously, but there's no meaningful capital drop or construction required. So, we like this sort of equilibrium point that we have with clients planning better, waiting a bit, I was hiring the people slightly ahead of where we need them and getting the space ready slightly ahead of where we need that as well, so we think we're very much in balance.
Robert Patrick Jones - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. It's actually Mike Ryskin on for Derik. Thanks for having us. Congrats on the quarter. And just following up exactly on the question you're talking about, about Shrewsbury, the Charles River Mass site, so are we to understand that that's pretty much up to speed as far as you wanted to be. You said you have 80 rooms opened and the rest of the facility is ready to go. And then, following off that question, just a broader discussion of CapEx to expand overall capacity. The spending you're doing for the RMS facility in China and other sites, when will that CapEx start to pay-off? When will those facilities be ready? Is that later in 2017 or out in 2018 and beyond?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, the China facility is going to be paying off or generating revenue in 2018. So that's the answer to that one, take a while to build that.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Shrewsbury facility is well underway. We have a significant staff there. We have a management team that's going to assemble predominantly from other Charles River sites. So, we have extremely experienced people. We have been doing a meaningful amount of work for clients, I would say, principally on the East Coast and predominantly in Cambridge, Massachusetts area, like non-GLP work, BM/PK work (53:01), some laboratory-based services and some work in our Biologics segment. We are hard at work in getting ourselves GLP-ready. We have several prominent clients, both large pharma and biotech who are working with us to help us ensure that we launch this GLP capability when we are absolutely ready. So, we're moving forward with the process as anticipated in some time this year. We will be GLP-ready when we believe that's the case where we sort of get the stamp of approval from our clients. So, proximity is obviously going to be very beneficial and powerful for local clients. We think the quality of the work will be great. And as I said earlier, we have a little bit of play in terms of capacity because 80 rooms were built out but we're only opening 40 rooms, but we could open the other 40 rooms relatively quickly as demand intensifies. That's pretty much a certainty that those 80 rooms will be opened. The question is when, and we're standing by to see what the demand is.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then, on the capital deployment side, you talked a little bit about the deal pipeline and the opportunities for 2017. Is there any particular area where you're seeing opportunities, and can you comment overall on valuation from what you're seeing out as you're shopping around for that?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Without getting too specific, we are looking seriously at multiple areas for acquisitions in the business segments where we have the highest growth rates. So, we are looking very much, say, in Discovery, perhaps in Safety, there are service aspects of the RMS business that are attractive as well, and there are some geographic opportunities for us. So, it's pretty broad gauge in terms of the type of businesses that we're looking at. We would prefer to buy businesses, the size of WIL or at least the size of Argenta and BioFocus. Business of that size are available, but they are  you are far between, most businesses are smaller. And I would say that valuations are full but fair. We are often competing with private equity firms and less often competing with strategic buyers, so we have greater synergy opportunities.
Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And as a reminder, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And we'll go to Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks very much. I might break the rules and ask two. So, first off, Avian, last quarter you mentioned an impairment coming in the fourth quarter. You said it would cost $0.02 to $0.03 and dampen Manufacturing segment operating margins. I see no mention of it anywhere.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, it did dampen by the $0.02 that we mentioned, and that is included in the number.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So you put up these results with that included, it did have...
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Correct. Correct.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Better than expected. All right. My second question, sorry, the divestiture of the CDMO, frankly I applaud the decision, I'd like the price tag. It does seem a little bit of a change versus the tone when you first talked about the WIL acquisition done relatively quickly. I guess, the question is, did you always expect to divest it or was there just a little bit of a learning process? Was this an opportunistic sell, because the buyer came to you or were you fully marketed, and just would love a little more background on the thought process there?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I'd love to give you some background, Eric. So, I would say that it was a small piece that came with the deal, certainly was in the raison d'tre of doing it, right. So, we bought that business for its large safety assessment capability, and there we were with the CDMO. As we said at the time that we did the transaction, it's a space that we have talked about for years and had some interest in because it obviously has a strategic fit. We wanted to test the waters by living it. I'm not sure it was the best test. It's a small but high quality asset, but a small one. We did do a  that was standing there relatively short timeframe, we did do an exhaustive study with a highly well-known consulting firm to study the marketplace. And we concluded that while it did fit, it was a very crowded field with 600 players, many of whom were multi-billion-dollar companies. And in order to stay and play, we would have to do some very large M&A. And even then, it looked as if there was very little pull-through for or from our other services. And I guess that second part is really what sort of iced it for us, that why would we make significant investment in a business that's related but quite different without having at the robust part of the portfolio. So, it actually became very clear to us that it was not something that we wanted to bulk up and there's lots of companies that would be happy with that asset. We did have a process. We have lots of bidders, and we are, as you said, very pleased with the price.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well, I think it was a very good decision. So I applaud it. Thanks, guys. Good work this quarter.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just the $0.02, I agree with Eric, I had heard that you were shopping that business, and so not surprised by the sale, but think it's a good decision, good price tag. So, thank for that. Wanted to clarify on the fourth quarter. I guess, first of all, David, the geography of this charge, does the $0.02 to $0.03 flow through the margin in Manufacturing Support or is it perhaps part of the elevated corporate overhead number? And then beyond that, the comments about kind of operational investments, I guess I'm wondering how much of that was perhaps pulled forward into the fourth quarter because the revenue was so strong, just kind of timing and gating some of those investments?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, in terms of the where did the Avian charge get placed, it's in manufacturing, because obviously it's to do with Avian. I'm not quite clear when you're talking about the operational investment and hence...
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Well, through the prepared remarks, there were several comments about investing in the business to support growth. My sense is that some of that may have shown up in corporate overhead. You mentioned incentive comp. I guess, what I'm digging for there is  was the inventive comp kind of a full $7 million-or-so delta relative to the expectation or was there also some, say, accelerated investment in the corporate overhead number as well?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Right. So, I understand where you're coming from. So, there are some  to be frank, there are some one-off charges that we're taking in corporate in Q4. So, the main bulk of the increase in corporate overheads is to do with the compensation, but there was some other charges.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Can you put a number on the charges?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Not really.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right. Just thought, I'll try. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC: Thanks, guys. So, I wanted to ask with regards to, I think, you had mentioned, David, similar price increases expected in 2017 than what occurred in 2016, and is there any, I guess, color that you might want to provide around the dropping margin on those price increases? Will the dropping margins look or feel any different than they did in 2016? Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I'm not quite sure that I agree that there was a drop in margins. Let me...
Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC: Not drop  sorry, drop-through or incremental margins on the price increases?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, you've seen the margin improvement that we've called out. If you look at the full year, the 130 basis points increase in margin for the research  sorry, RMS. DSA is flat, when we take out the Quebec tax charge. And also, remember, we had WIL in that. And then, the Manufacturing segment is up by 120 basis points. So, you've seen margin accretion in all three of our segments, some of that of course, is to do with price, but some of that is to do with the efficiency initiatives. So, when we move into 2017, you should expect to see similar sort of guidance taking place in that, we got  we expect to get similar type of price in 2017 as we saw in 2016, you've heard about our efficiency initiatives, we will continue to drive those. And so, I think we've called out on a number of occasions, we push all of our units to get margin accretion year-on-year, and 2016 demonstrates we achieve that.
Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. It's Steve here on for Tycho. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered. Just sort of a quick follow-up on Charles River Massachusetts. You mentioned being GLP-ready soon. Should we expect the overall mix of GLP work across the network to increase in 2017? And then, can you remind us how the pricing of GLP work compares to non-GLP work? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, you said that a little bit fast, but I think the answer is that, we're working to get this facility GLP-ready. We haven't said exactly when it will be ready, because it will be ready when we deem that we are prepared to do GLP work, so sometime later in the year. Pricing really depends on the nature of the GLP work. I mean, some of the non-GLP work has wonderful margins, different aspects of safety have different margin levels. So, what we're aiming for is to utilize our capacity well to service this gigantic market that we have primarily in Cambridge, Massachusetts. And we find with our clients that all things being equal, clients always prefer proximity, they always would prefer to spend time with the study directors and talk about the design of the studies and the endpoints and the conclusions. So, we're quite anxious to get this facility open for GLP purposes, but clients are constantly going through there, doing audits. Clients are familiar with the facility and the staff. They put non-GLP work in there, just to enhance that familiarity, and we're anxious and looking forward to being able to open it.
Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: So we'll go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. It's Mark Rosenblum on for Ricky. I just had a one quick one on potential impact of tax changes. Would you guys expect to benefit from a border tax adjustment, and do you have any preliminary sense of the quantity of that benefit?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, well, clearly our tax advisors are very busy at the moment. We feel the changes that are taking place, and we sat down with our advisors and we've been through literally line-by-line each initiative by each initiative, some of them are more meaningful than others. But for instance, the corporate Fed income tax change and that the territorial taxes, which encourage more IP and R&D spending in the USA, there's the border adjustment tax that you're talking about, which I'll come back to in a second. There's also the one-time mandatory tax on foreign earnings. Those are the big full ticket items that impact on us. Net-net, when you look at them in the round, there was a meaningful benefit for us. At this stage, what I would say is, in terms of your specific question, the potential on the border adjustment tax, that got puts and takes in it when you get into the weeds and that's broadly somewhat neutral, we think, at this stage. It might swing slightly one way or the other. So, we haven't put it into our guidance, of course. I do know that I think Trump mentioned last week that he felt that things were way ahead of schedule, and that in the next two weeks to three weeks, there should be a meaningful announcement. So we might see that it's broadly meaningful benefit net-net, impacting partly in 2017.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful.
Operator: We will go to the line of Erin Wright with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. Can you speak to the underlying growth trends at WIL versus the legacy segment and the quarterly progression of those trends kind of going into 2017, and how we should think about like the progression of WIL synergies and how is just the integration process going? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: You should think of the top line demand for WIL being essentially the same as legacy business, servicing essentially the same markets, albeit primarily smaller clients, but very healthy growth rate there. The integration process has gone and continues to go extraordinarily well from all vantage points. We exceeded our expectations for the integration and for that asset. We hit 20% operating margins in the fourth quarter, which we had guided to accomplish by the end of 2017, and we're well ahead of our EPS target to that asset as well.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. And then, you mentioned some nice project wins in RMS, but what were some of the  or what was the nature of some of the special projects that you mentioned won't recur in 2017? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: We had a significant amount of work for a very large client having to do with a new facility that gave us a concentrated amount to work for that client. So, the client will continue to be a client, but the nature of that work is unlikely to continue at that level.
Erin Wright - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. I think most of my questions have been answered. I think, Jim, I'd start with, you're seeing, I guess, I don't even want to call it the first signs of weakness or tough comps, it's probably more like tougher comps in the fund-raising environment with some money in 2016 being down a little bit from the money raised in 2015. I guess, you talked about the three years' visibility. I guess, when do you start to worry that the tougher comps or the slowdown in the early stage fund-raising environment starts to impact just  I want to call it just the year-over-year comps sort of growth as a business, not necessarily the health of the business?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: We continue to believe that the fund-raising environment has been extremely robust. We don't think 2016 was a poor fund-raising year, it was a very good one. 2015 was unusually high, but 2016 was higher than 2013 and higher than 2014. The strength of the biotech industry, the individual companies, their technologies, quality of the therapies continues to be stronger and stronger all the time. So, we don't begin to worry at any point until we hear from our clients some concern about not having enough money to generate their pipelines or not being happy with their pipelines. And as I said earlier, we literally have sort of a universe of several thousand clients that we're not hearing any of that from any of them. So, we're not actually  the whole conversation that we endured for all of 2016 which started at the JPMorgan meeting about the sort of alleged slowdown, I think was totally overblown with actually no substance. It was slower than 2015, but so what. So, we do think that the client base is extremely well funded, and we should continue to see strong demand from them.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And if I could sneak in a quick follow-up. I don't know if there're any stats you could give us, just underlying strength of the business year-over-year, increase in RFPs or RFIs, would love just kind of any other quantitative factors you can give us around revenue visibility? Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, all that we can say is that the request for proposals continues to be quite strong across our entire client base.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jon Kaufman with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning, and thank you for taking the questions. Just a quick one here. So the Early Discovery business was the only business in the quarter that didn't report organic growth. So, I know you mentioned making great strides in this area, but do you think your current capabilities position you where you want to be in terms of closing these longer-term sales pitches to clients or are there other capabilities within Discovery you feel would help you?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yes, good question. No, we like our portfolio a lot, some of this has to do with doing a better job accessing clients and telling the story about integrated services we can provide from multiple sites across multiple streams of service. We're doing that much better, and we are signing a meaningful number of contracts with meaningful companies. We have a bit of a gap in our revenue stream as two big projects rolled off from two very large companies, and we're actually just working to fill that. Yeah, I think the portfolio could continue to be broadened and larger both  with new therapeutic areas and beefing up ones that we are in. We are continuing to look carefully there, but we have a very high science In Vivo and In Vitro capability, and we do think that the enhanced sales effort, the sophistication of the people selling many of whom have PhDs and just having sufficient time to tell the story, because it's still a relatively new business for us, is beginning to bear fruit. We actually performed better in that business in the fourth quarter than we had anticipated. So, we remain optimistic about its stability and its eventual growth opportunity.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question, we'll go to Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So, just want to focus quickly on the RMS comments that you had made. In the prepared remarks, there was a comment about building an RMS facility in China and you emphasized the demand there, but I know in the past, you guys have been very deliberate and thoughtful on how you approach that market. And also, one of the Q&A comments, Jim, you had made a comment about opportunities to expand geographies to M&A in RMS, so just trying to put those two together. How did you guys go about thinking the build versus buy approach was the way to go right now and how are you guys thinking of it, just in  I guess, upcoming quarters and near-term years, relative to what's going on in the market?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Our original foray into China was an acquisition of a pre-existing company. Even though it's a licensee of us, we bought the vast majority of it and bought a bit more recently. So that was a very efficient way to get a foothold in China with some name recognition put on together with the company that we bought, but that's a Beijing-based operational while we're selling beyond Beijing, and obviously the Shanghai market is substantial, and it's a long train and truck ride. So, there's really necessity for us to be close to the Shanghai market to take advantage of that. We feel this is a better way to do that to define an acquisition close back, we haven't seen any that we like. There are other parts of China, which is a very large country with small cities with 10 million people in them, so it is highly likely that this will be the first build from scratch of other facilities that we will build in the future. I suppose, we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities, but we know the universe of potential sellers, they are well-enough for me to say that's unlikely. We think we can keep up with the demand to that in a highest quality fashion. We would build their facilities and we could buy. And so, this is an important strategic move for us to service that.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And now under the build-out taking, and is there any way to size the size of the facility, I guess, what it adds to your current capability in terms of just size?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I mean, it's going to take most of 2017. It's a meaningful size facility, which will allow us to support that marketplace.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn it back to the speakers for closing comments.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you at the Leerink Healthcare Conference on Thursday or at Raymond James or Barclays in March. This concludes this conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
Analysts: Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our third quarter results and update guidance for 2016. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 403827. The replay will be available through November 16 and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 12, 2016, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. That said, I will now turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Good morning. We believe that the trend that drove revenue growth for the first half of the year continued in the third quarter and will continue in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect that reported revenue growth in 2016 will be in a range of 21% to 22%, and that growth for the legacy businesses will be between 7% to 8%, approximately 100 basis points higher at the midpoint than in 2015. The strength of our unique portfolio and the success of our strategic acquisitions, targeted sales strategies and our initiatives to increase operating effectiveness and efficiency, are the foundation for our growth in 2016 and in the future. I'd like to provide you with the highlights of our third quarter performance. We reported revenue of $425.7 million in the third quarter of 2016, 21.8% increase over the third quarter of 2015. The negative impact of foreign exchange was 1.5%. Acquisitions contributed 18% to third quarter revenue growth and our legacy business generated 5.3% organic growth. The growth rate for our legacy businesses was below the first half of last year, due primarily to the Discovery and Safety Assessment segment, which was moderately below our expectations. This was due principally to Early Discovery, which I'll discuss in more detail in a moment. From a client perspective, biotechnology clients were the primary driver of revenue growth. Sales to these clients increased at double-digit rate, as they continued to invest in their pipelines. The operating margin declined 80 basis points year-over-year to 19.7%, but improved sequentially by 20 basis points, due to both sales volume and efficiency initiatives, particularly in the DSA segment. The year-over-year decline was due primarily to the acquisition of WIL, which as we have mentioned, has an operating margin below our DSA segment level. Our goal to achieve $17 million to $20 million of cost synergies over two years will improve WIL's operating efficiency. I'm pleased to say that we are making excellent progress on synergies and fully expect to achieve our goal in 2017. Earnings per share were $1.18 in the third quarter, an increase of 14.6% from $1.03 in the third quarter of 2015. The improvement was due to a combination of higher revenue generated by our legacy operations and the benefit of our acquisitions, particularly WIL. Our investments in venture capital funds contributed just $0.01 in the quarter. In general, we were pleased with the performance of our portfolio in the third quarter. Although revenue growth was moderately below our expectations, most of our businesses continued to perform very well, and we reported growth for each of our business segments. From a guidance perspective, we now expect constant currency revenue growth for 2016 to be in a range from 22% to 23%, which is at approximately the midpoint of the previous range. Adjusted for foreign exchange and acquisitions, the organic growth rate would be between 7% and 8%, in line with our high single-digit target. We are increasing our 2016 non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.44 to $4.49, which is towards the higher end of our previous range, and $0.13 higher at the midpoint of the range than our original guidance in February. Based on our strong organic growth, the contribution from acquisitions and the benefit of our efficiency initiatives, we are confident that we will achieve our full year revenue and earnings per share guidance. I'd like to provide you additional details on our third quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $120.9 million, an increase of 2.1% in constant currency over the third quarter of 2015. Like the second quarter, growth was driven by higher sales of Research Models in Asia and Research Model Services. The third quarter growth rate was lower than the first half of the year, due primarily to the acquisition of WIL Research. As a result of our ownership of WIL, sales of Research Models to WIL are now accounted for as an intercompany transaction. Had those sales been reported as revenue, as they were in the third quarter of last year, the RMS segment revenue growth rate would have been approximately 3.5%, in line with our targeted low to mid-single-digit growth rate. RMS operating margin declined slightly in the third quarter to 27.3% from 27.5%, but remains in our high 20% targeted range. Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $89 million, a 21.8% growth rate on constant currency over the third quarter of last year. The acquisitions of WIL's CDMO business, Celsis and Blue Stream contributed 10.5% to growth. On an organic basis, growth was 11.3%, driven by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses. Microbial Solutions reported a robust third quarter, with revenue growth for the legacy business above our 10% target. As a result of adoption of our rapid testing products, we sold more PTS, MCS, and Nexus machines than in the third quarter of 2015, which in turn drove greater demand for cartridges. The enhancements that we made to our manufacturing capacity are enabling us to produce more cartridges to meet the demand, and providing operating margin benefits as well. Growth was also driven by demand for our microbial identification services, due to both increased outsourcing and synergies with Celsis' clients. We are continuing to focus on expanding our footprint in the market for rapid testing and microbial identification. We are investing in research and development for Microbial Solutions business to enhance the functionality of our rapid testing platform, and drive greater adoption of our products in order to capitalize on this moment in time when we have the opportunity to set the standard for rapid testing and identification. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution for our clients will be the driver for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth for the long-term foreseeable future. The Biologics business reported a very strong year-over-year performance in the third quarter. Robust revenue growth in the legacy business was driven in part by strong demand for our virology services, particularly in the U.S., where we expanded capacity at the beginning of the year. We are experiencing greater demand for our services due in part to the fact that the number of biologic drugs and biosimilars in development continues to increase and also to the broadening support that we can provide for our clients' manufacturing activities. As we mentioned on our second quarter earnings call, the ability to provide broader support was the primary reason for the acquisition of Blue Stream, which was strategically important because it expanded our portfolio with protein characterization and other capabilities required for biologics and biosimilars testing. As a result of the acquisition, we can now provide a comprehensive portfolio of both bioanalytical and biosafety testing services, with the ability to support biologic and biosimilar development from discovery through clinical phases and commercial manufacturing. We are continuing to execute our integration plan, which has proceeded on target in the first 120 days. The Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin was 33.8%, a 60 basis point increase year-over-year. The improvement was driven primarily by the Microbial Solutions and Biologics businesses. In both cases, increased volume and the benefit of efficiency initiatives contributed. The 160 basis point sequential decline was due primarily to unusually high PTS cartridge volume in the second quarter, when we shipped the backlog which occurred as a result of the manufacturing enhancements. Revenue for the DSA segment was $215.8 million in the third quarter, an increase of 39.8% in constant currency over the third quarter of 2015. The acquisitions of WIL and Oncotest contributed 35% to the segment's third quarter growth. Organic revenue growth of 4.8% was driven primarily by the Safety Assessment business, which reported a high single-digit revenue increase over the same period last year. The fact that third quarter revenue growth for Safety Assessment was below our low double-digit target was due to studies being delayed to the fourth quarter and not because of a reduction in bookings. We are continuing to attract business on the basis of our strong portfolio, scientific expertise, and flexible and customized working relationships, which enable our clients to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their early-stage drug research efforts. I remind you that low double-digit revenue growth is an annual target, and that there may be quarterly fluctuations above or below. However, we expect that the Safety Assessment business will achieve low double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter and meet our target for the full year. The Discovery Services business performed below our expectations in the third quarter. As I mentioned, this was due primarily to Early Discovery. We continued to see strong demand from biotech clients, but demand from large biopharma clients has had greater fluctuations. We believe this is due to the fact that large biopharma companies have significant internal capabilities on which they rely. As we demonstrate that our services can augment and accelerate their discovery capabilities, clients will increasingly appreciate the benefits of outsourcing more work to us. And as we continue to build our capabilities and market them more effectively, large biopharma clients should utilize our services more consistently. To address the near-term implications for our business, we have made changes to our management team, assigning Birgit Girshick, a Senior Vice President and one of our most experienced operating managers, to lead Discovery Services business and reorganizing certain operations. We are also realigning our Discovery sales strategies, first by enhancing the sales organization in order to increase our focus on Discovery, and, second, by establishing a therapeutic area focused, integrated drug discovery team which will be responsible for collaborating with the broader sales organization and our operating units to ensure that we maximize the value of our unique early-stage portfolio and deliver exceptional service to clients. We are focusing on both large biopharma and biotech clients because each is a key driver of growth; biopharma because (14:45-14:49) relationships, and biotech because, without certain internal capabilities, they have consistently outsourced. With the maturation of the biotech industry, these companies are discovering effective drugs that cure diseases, which is leading to more robust pipelines. Biotech investments in its pipelines has been a primary driver of our growth in the last few years. And we have recently been awarded a number of new projects for Early Discovery work, as well as the three-year extension of our longstanding integrated drug discovery alliance with Genentech. The relationship with Genentech began in 2005 with a single project involving medicinal chemistry and has evolved over the ensuing 11 years to a multi-disciplinary collaboration drawing on our leading researchers in chemistry, biology and pharmacology. I want to be clear that the fluctuations in Early Discovery outsourcing did not change our view of the importance of our early-stage drug research portfolio. Our In Vivo Discovery business is performing well, and Safety Assessment has had an exceptional year in 2016. Clients increasingly rely on us because of the breadth of our portfolio and our scientific expertise. We believe it is critically important that we continue to strategically expand our portfolio, both through internal development and targeted acquisitions, so that we can continue to expand our ability to support our clients' early-stage drug research efforts. Our view has been reinforced by positive client response to our broader portfolio and we were very pleased to see two analyst surveys published in October, both of which ranked Charles River as the preferred CRO for early-stage work. We are optimistic that the business changes we implemented will enable us to generate growth and improve our operating margins as the Discovery outsourcing market evolves. Despite softer revenue, third quarter operating margins in our Early Discovery business improved as a result of efficiency initiatives. The DSA segment's operating margin was 22.7%, a sequential incremental improvement of 150 basis points, due in part to the changes and efficiency initiatives in Early Discovery. The 150 basis point year-over-year decline was due primarily to the addition of WIL, which as you know, has operating margins below our DSO segment average. We continue to make excellent progress on the WIL integration and targeted cost synergies and expect WIL's operating margin will improve over time. I will also note that because the integration has progressed so well, we were able to transition Birgit from her WIL integration role in order to lead the Discovery business. Integration of the WIL operations is effectively complete and the exceptional team that Birgit has established will carry on the remaining integration activities. The tasks that remain are longer term in nature and plans are underway for their completion. From a client perspective, biotech technologies continued to be the primary driver of revenue growth in the third quarter. Whether biotech has one drug or a more robust pipeline, each company is focused on making the go and no-go decisions about whether a drug should progress further through development. With our broad early-stage portfolio, biotechs can rely on Charles River to provide them with the scientific expertise and experience they need to bring a drug to market as quickly and efficiently as possible. We maintain our belief that these companies have ample funding for the next few years, and that as their drugs demonstrate efficacy, additional funding will be available. It's notable that biotech funding from the capital markets improved significantly on a sequential basis in the third quarter. However, our revenue from biotech clients increased even when funding was weaker earlier in the year. This is in part because the capital markets are not the only source of funding for biotech. As large biopharma increasingly relies on biotech for discovery of new molecules, large biopharma is providing funding to those organizations. Combined with funds already raised in the capital markets and consistent support from venture capital, we believe that our biotech clients will continue to have the capital they need to invest in their pipelines. Increasingly agnostic to where molecules are sourced, large biopharma is also providing funding to academic institutions. Over time, we have seen academic institutions become more focused on extending their efforts beyond basic research and like our global and biotech clients, academic clients are relying on Charles River for their research models and services needs. We are beginning to see them work with us in Discovery and Safety Assessment as well, as they focus on moving molecules through early-stage research. Supported by stable to improving funding from the institutions themselves and the NIH, and funding from large biopharma, we believe that our academic clients will contribute to our revenue growth. We believe that the continued expansion of our portfolio and our scientific expertise, superb execution, and our flexibility relative to decision making, speed, and relationships are the basis for long-lasting relationships with our clients and our future growth. Our recent acquisition of Agilux Laboratories, a CRO that provides a suite of integrated small and large molecule discovery bioanalytical services, and DMPK and in vivo pharmacology services, supports our strategy to offer clients a broader, integrated portfolio that enables them to work with us continuously from the earliest stages of drug research through the non-clinical development process. Agilux reinforces the linkage between our Discovery and Safety Assessment capabilities, enhancing our ability to provide clients with a comprehensive testing solution that spans their discovery and regulated drug development needs. As we make progress on our goal to maintain and enhance our position as the premier non-clinical CRO, we have become the go-to partner for an expanding number of clients who recognize our expertise, scale, and deep commitment to them. We've increasingly become part of the solution to more efficient and productive drug research, which we believe is demonstrated by the fact that we worked on more than 55% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2014 and 2015. The value that we provide to clients is the basis of our position as the premier early-stage contract research organization, and the reason we believe we will achieve our long-term growth goals and enhance shareholder value. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for the support. Now, I'll ask David to give you additional details on our third quarter results.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and good morning. May I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, and certain other items. The corresponding GAAP results and the reconciliation of the non-GAAP items can be found in the associated slide presentation, as well as on our Investor Relations website. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter performance. Our financial results demonstrated continued growth across our three business segments, as well as our ability to continue to make progress towards achievement of our stated goals. Jim has already discussed the factors that effected DSA revenue growth in the third quarter, so my initial comments will focus on two areas that led third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share to exceed our prior outlook; a sequential improvement in operating margins and a lower tax rate. The strength of our operating margins was primarily driven by a 150 basis point sequential increase in the DSA segment to 22.7% in the third quarter from 21.2% in the second quarter. This improvement occurred despite the sequential decline in DSA revenue, primarily as a result of efficiency initiatives and other cost benefits, including lower direct study costs due to the study delays in the third quarter and the mix of those costs. Our tax rate was also more favorable than we had expected. After the significant increase in the second quarter, the third quarter tax rate declined sequentially by 240 basis points to 27.5%, as a result of a more favorable earnings mix and the benefit from a tax rate reduction in the UK associated with the passage of the Finance Act in September. As a result, we now expect our 2016 non-GAAP tax rate to be at the lower end of our previous outlook in a range of 29% to 29.5%, compared to the 29% to 30% range that we provided in August. I will now comment on other non-operating components affecting our third quarter results and full year outlook. Unallocated corporate costs decreased by $1.2 million sequentially to $28.4 million, or 6.7% of third quarter revenue, due primarily to lower stock compensation expense. For the year, we continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 7% of total revenue. Third quarter net interest expense of $7 million was similar to the second quarter level. We repaid $105 million of debt during the third quarter and as a result, I am pleased to announce that we have already achieved our goal of reducing our pro forma leverage ratio below 3 times. At 2.8 times as of the end of the third quarter, we exceeded our original 18-month goal of debt repayment following the WIL acquisition by a full year. As a result of lower leverage, we reduced our interest rate spread by 25 basis points to LIBOR+ 125 basis points. For the full year, we expect net interest expense to be at the lower end of our prior outlook of $26 million to $28 million, reflecting both the lower interest rate and debt balances in the fourth quarter, partially offset by a small amount of interest expense associated with the Agilux acquisition. We expect to continue to focus on debt repayment in order to reduce a portion of the $64 million we borrowed at the end of the fourth quarter to fund the Agilux acquisition, with a goal of maintaining our leverage below 3 times at year end. Year-to-date, free cash flow is continuing to track above last year's level, despite the significant cash acquisition and integration costs associated with WIL. Year-to-date free cash flow was $156.5 million, higher than the $150.9 million for the first nine months of last year. For 2016, we now expect free cash flow to be in a range of $245 million to $250 million, an increase of $7.5 million from the midpoint of our prior outlook of $235 million to $245 million. Both the year-to-date and full year increases are due primarily to lower capital expenditures. Year to date, CapEx was nearly $30 million, $5 million below last year, and is now expected to be in a range of $60 million to $65 million for the full year, compared to our prior outlook of less than $80 million. The decrease in our CapEx outlook is due primarily to the timing of projects. For the year, we narrowed our revenue guidance to a range of 21% to 22% on a reported basis and expect organic revenue growth to be in a range of 7% to 8%, including approximately 1 percentage point from the 53 week. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.44 to $4.49, which is at the higher end of our previous range of $4.40 to $4.50. This implies a fourth quarter outlook of reported revenue growth in a range of 23% to 27% on a year-over-year basis, and non-GAAP earnings per share growth in a range of 8% to 13% on a year-over-year basis. Fourth quarter revenue growth is expected to improve from the third quarter level, reflecting high single-digit organic growth and the contribution from the Agilux acquisition, which we expect will add approximately 2% in the quarter. Higher organic growth will be primarily driven by greater than 10% growth in the legacy Safety Assessment business and the addition of the 53rd week. These growth drivers will be partially offset by normal seasonal trends in the RMS business, which are expected to result in a sequential decline in RMS revenue associated with the slower activity through the holiday season. As you know, the 53rd week will be added to the fourth quarter of this year to true-up to a December 31 year-end, as a result of our 13-week, or 4/4/5, quarterly reporting structure. The 53rd week is characterized by a light week of sales due to the holidays, but a normal week of costs. This year, the 53rd week is expected to contribute approximately 1% to full year revenue growth and be essentially neutral to operating income and earnings per share. Foreign exchange is expected to reduce fourth quarter revenue growth by approximately 1% to 1.5%, similar to the third quarter, as both periods reflect the impact of Brexit and reduce full-year revenue growth by slightly more than 1%. The expected impact of Brexit has not changed materially from what we discussed on our second quarter conference call, despite the weakness of sterling in recent weeks. With regard to our fourth quarter earnings per share outlook, we expect a small headwind related to a health status issue at one of our Avian sites. This is expected to reduce fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately $0.02 to $0.03, primarily as a result of inventory and payment charges, and will also affect the Manufacturing Support segment's operating margin. Before I conclude, I would also like to remind you of the Quebec tax law change that was enacted in the fourth quarter of last year. I am highlighting this because it will affect the prior-year comparisons in the fourth quarter of this year, even though the impact has been consistent throughout 2016. The substance of the change was to increase our fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate by 280 basis points. However, the legislation provided a one-time retroactive benefit in the fourth quarter of 2015 associated with the treatment of R&D tax credits claimed between 2012 and 2014, which contributed a net 230 basis points to the DSA operating margin and 100 basis points to the consolidated operating margin in the fourth quarter of last year. We have said that demand in our market segments is not always linear on a quarter-by-quarter basis. However, we believe that the annual growth prospects for our businesses are firmly intact. On the basis of our strong results for the first nine months of the year, we believe we are well positioned to deliver 2016 revenue growth that will be within our original guidance range for the year and non-GAAP earnings per share that will exceed the guidance that we provided to you in February. We remain committed to our focus on enhancing the relationships with our clients, deploying capital effectively, driving global efficiency, and investing in initiatives to support future growth, and believe this focus will help us achieve our targets for this year and over the longer term. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question will go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Reiman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. This is Steve Reiman on for Tycho. Thanks for taking my question. So NIH outlays are down pretty significantly in September. So with that in mind, did you see any NIH-funded clients maybe holding back on spend in the quarter? And did this dynamic have a negative impact at all on DSA or RMS? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: We would not have seen that expressly. We have a relatively modest amount of our revenue that's government and academic related. That sector for us has pretty much been holding its own throughout the year, so not an issue for us.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ross Muken with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. So, Jim, when you look at some of the behavior in DSA and what happened, particularly amongst large pharma on the Discovery side, there's a lot of moving parts for pharma right now. There's a lot of political scrutiny. We've seen some pipeline failures. As you step back and you look at some of the turbulence going on relative to maybe the last 12 months or 24 months, how do you put that in the context of what we've seen in some of these prior periods where you've had some temporal distractions there at pharma? And then, how do you think about it relative to the bigger picture? Because it doesn't seem like anything they're doing, whether it ends up being M&A or something else driven, will change the ultimate outsourcing discussion. But it certainly feels like in the interim it's causing and we're seeing it in other places a little bit of choppiness quarter-to-quarter in terms of demand.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. I don't really think that that's the issue here, and we don't want to overstate or have you folks over-read the Discovery results for this quarter. So I would say that by and large pharma continues to be a continual outsourcer for us, pretty much across most companies throughout the world. But I would say that our relationships have become more strategic and the breadth of services that they buy for us is increasing. And I would say that that's pretty much across the board. And as the suite of services gets larger, that improves, and certainly that's the case in Safety, where we have a very large business that's the direct beneficiary of that. I interface with senior people at most of these accounts and talk to them about their concerns about the political situation and competition, and they seem to be pretty sanguine about that. And I don't think we're seeing that in their actions. I think the Discovery piece for us is, first place it's a relatively modest sized business, number one. Number two, it's what the drug companies do. So when you first have a conversation with them, their initial reaction is typically that's what we do. I would guess, even though we weren't in the business then, that that was the reaction relative to safety 30 years ago. I'm not sure it's all that different, although Discovery is kind of the essence of the drug companies. And whether they do well or not, or some of them do better than others, they still feel that a lot of that's proprietary, particularly the in vitro stuff. It's really early. So I would say that we're seeing slightly more of our large drug companies either keep stuff in-house or take it back in-house. I'd say it's more keep than take back, but it's a combination of both. It's a little less pronounced with the in vivo part of Discovery, which is later, just further down that path. It's pharmacology based and it's after the pure discovery. And I think that even the clients have been keeping stuff in-house, there are opportunities for us as we expand our portfolio, and particularly if we describe to them things like the fact that we've discovered 66 development candidates, that always gets their attention. So, I think that pharma is acting the way we had anticipated that they would. They're outsourcing more work, we're using biotech more as a discovery engine, some of the discovery they do internally, which is why they're holding on to some of the work that we were hoping to get. And I think on the Discovery side, the changes that we made in our sales organization and this team that's doing these integrated therapeutic area based activities plus just additional knowledge on their parts that we're in this business will help generate additional work for us.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: And, Ross, if I can just help size the Discovery for you. Total Discovery as a percentage of our total revenue is less than 10%, and of course Early Discovery will be a smaller component still.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: That's helpful. I guess, Jim, just quickly just following up on pharma. I mean, there is a lot of debate, particularly if we get repatriation of what we'll see on the M&A side. Prior cycles it was always a concern that would cause some disruption. Is it possible, given the unique business model and the breadth you guys have today that you actually become a key synergy partner for them if we do see an uptick in M&A amongst your client base?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: That's always been the thesis of our portfolio, right. That if there is additional M&A as they merge and drive efficiency because there's always a huge cost synergy component to that, that we're able, in our growing services business, to accommodate more and more of their needs, which is why we've invested so aggressively and built up this big portfolio through M&A. So, I would say that that's been driving growth in large measure to this point and it's likely to continue to do so, but hopefully on an even more aggressive basis.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Jim.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Jon Kaufman on for John Kreger. Thank you for taking the question. Can you just provide an update on Shrewsbury? I guess are the first 40 rooms there still on track? And do you have any plans at this point to open additional rooms in the facility? And what should we expect in terms of CapEx investments in the coming year? Thank you.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, Charles River, Massachusetts, or our Shrewsbury operation, we continue to work hard getting it ready to do GLP work. We've, I would say, essentially hired our workforce. There's probably a few more people to hire. They're being trained. We're doing non-GLP work for our range of clients principally in the Cambridge, Mass area. We're doing some bioanalytical testing and we're doing some DMPK work for those clients as well. We announced a meaningful deal with Moderna, which I think is indicative and demonstrative of types of deals we will do with various biotech companies who want the proximity, so their study monitors can spend time with our study directors in close quarters and really participate in the work themselves. We hope to have a healthy suite of business, I would say Q2 of next year. We'll have clients in there testing our activity probably at the beginning of next year. So, yeah, we're on track. What the mix is going to be between GLP and non-GLP will be entirely dependent on what the demand is and what clients are doing at other sites of ours and what the pipelines look like. We have the ability to bring on more space if we want to, so it's one of the nice things about having built that large facility and now reopening it. So, we built out 80 rooms initially so we can double the capacity. I hope we have that opportunity. I'll let David answer the CapEx question.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: And to your CapEx question, most of the CapEx that was needed to be spent on the Shrewsbury site has been incurred this year and maybe a little bit needed next year, but the bulk of getting that unit online has already been taken place.
Jon Kaufman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask a question around DSA. Strategically in thinking about your realignment of sales and cross-selling opportunities there, Jim, I'm interested in understanding a little more deeply how you drive more activity into Discovery. Is it still more standalone? Or do you see the opportunity being leveraging your Safety Assessment relationships with clients back into Discovery? And then to what extent is it the completeness of the portfolio in Discovery that might be needed to attract more business into there? It is an area where after Argenta, BioFocus, you had a client, I think, exit that business or pull some business in-house. It's been a little bit more choppy. I'm wondering what it is that gets that to a more stable and larger run rate. Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Sure. So, we've always thought that scale is important. So one of the reasons that we've continued to do acquisitions in this space is that, just to go back to the comments I made a few minutes ago, Discovery is the sort of essence of the drug companies, right. So in order to get their attention to outsource sort of industrialized aspects of the Discovery process or some things that they do intermittently and we do consistently, we have to have greater scale and we have to just be able to tell the story. And I think we're doing that, notwithstanding the fact that we're disappointed with this quarter. It's a much, much bigger market than the Safety business. So while it eventually may have less of it outsourced than Safety will, it's going to be a big opportunity for us. I do think that our portfolio, the breadth of our portfolio, provides a competitive advantage to everybody that we're competing with in the Discovery space. And so just telling that story more effectively and more consistently and just having the advent of time, I do think is necessary. So we have a very sophisticated, targeted, restructured sales organization that's Discovery-deep. And there's a critical evaluation that goes on when you first meet clients where they're really sizing you up to see whether the depth of your science is significant enough for them to work with you. And I think we have that, and I think this organization will show that. The additional group that we've set up, the sort of integrated drug discovery group across multiple therapeutic areas, is set up to bring all of our Discovery sites together, work both with the broader sales group and the Discovery sales group and the operational folks in Discovery that interface with the client to design very creative deals, and I think that's going to hold us in good stead. And to the other part of your question, we should see historical Safety Assessment clients who are happy with our work and haven't used us or anybody, let's say, for external discovery work, taking advantage of that, and having us understand the molecule as well or perhaps better than they do, and having this sort of continuity of services run from Discovery through pharmacology into toxicology. So, we feel very strongly about the strength of the strategy. We think that the portfolio is a very strong one, and we need to just continue to engage with our clients so that they understand our capabilities. What tends to happen, and it's happened in Safety is you talk to the clients about your capability and when they need it. And that's typically when they have financial need to restructure something or to work in a different way, they reach out to us. And we've seen that countless times in Safety and we're seeing it in various aspects of Discovery already, and I think that will become more pronounced over time.
David Howard Windley - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. This is Sara Silverman on for Tim. Just wanted to touch a little on Asia. You noted strength in Asia helping drive growth in the RMS business. Can you comment a bit further on what you're seeing in Asia and maybe China in particular?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. We're continuing to see very strong demand for our Research Models business as the Chinese government continues to pour money into more life sciences at rates higher pretty much than any other place in the world. And the quality of our animals becomes clear to researchers just opposed to some of the other lower quality government-based organization. The demand is increasing nicely. We are continuing to expand geographically by getting closer to current marketplaces and additional marketplaces that are springing up. Some of the ancillary cities in China are bigger than most of the cities in the United States. So being proximate has always been important in the animal business. You want to often be able to deliver on a daily basis. So we're seeing very  we're not going to give the exact number, but very high growth rates in that business consistently quarter-after-quarter, with very strong operating margins and really positive reaction from clients who are using these animal models. So, we think it's still very early days for this business given the maturation of the marketplace and the investment in it. And we should continue to see this sort of growth rate for a long time to come.
Sara Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, hi. This is Mark Rosenblum on for Ricky. I just wanted to ask about biotech. So you mentioned that it was the primary source of growth in the quarter. When you guys look at your pipeline going forward, is that the case there as well? Just trying to get a sense of the mix of biotech versus large pharma and academics.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Yeah. We have a very big footprint with all of the drug companies. We're a major supplier to all of them, some slightly more than others, but it's a really critical part of our demand curve. We've stopped teasing it out because so much of pharma's  so much of biotech's money comes directly from pharma. And so much of the line between those two is sort of graying and not really all that relevant, frankly. Having said that, we have more revenue to biotech companies, which makes a lot of sense because there's a proliferation of them. They're actually doing a fabulous job at discovering novel technologies and novel compounds, many of which are large molecule. And so we're continuing to see just an increase in business with them. And, of course, they are net outsourcers. Very few biotech companies do much internally except very, very early discovery, and even some of them don't do that. They find a molecule and they license it in from some academic institution. So, we would expect biotech to continue to be a very strong client base for us, and we should continue to see our revenues be heavily weighted or weighted towards biotech, but pharma will continue to be an important source of revenue for us. There's still a lot of work that's being done internally by the big drug companies that we're quite confident will come outside given the need for them to reduce their cost structures.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, I know you mentioned that government was a small piece. Is that true going forward in the pipeline as well?
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Well, we hope it's a less small piece. So, yeah, we're working hard at increasing our revenue with academics, not just in Research Models where we've typically engaged with those clients, but in the Discovery and Safety Assessment business because many major academic medical centers discover their own molecules, just like drug companies. They have R&D budgets that are either their own or money is coming in from a whole host of sources, including big pharma, and they're looking for a way to develop them. And so we're engaging with those academic institutions the same way we've engaged with big pharma. So we hope it becomes a more important resource for us. Historically, it hasn't been. Historically, it's been primarily a client base that's bought animals and they've been very price-sensitive. We tended to do much better, let's say, in Europe than in the U.S. because of the client. There's just a larger number of clients. So, working hard on it, but still a relatively small part of the whole.
Mark Rosenblum - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, good morning. David, I just want to circle back on something in the prepared comments. Did I hear something? I guess, could you provide a little more detail on the headwind in Q4 as it relates  I thought you called it the Avian issue? I just wanted to be sure that I heard you correctly.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Correct, yes. It's a health site issue with one of the flocks and that essentially means a need to write that flock down, and that's going to have a $0.02 to $0.03 charge in Q4. In terms of next year, it'll be smaller, maybe a couple of cents.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And...
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: It's a discrete issue and once we've dealt with that, that charge is finished with.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I guess is that something that you guys plan to include in operating results or exclude from operating results?
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: No, that'll be an operating result performance. That's why we've called it out as part of our non-GAAP guidance.
George R. Hill - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. That was all I had. Everything else I had has been addressed. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC: Thanks. I'm about to throw my phone. I'm having some technology issues. So, I understand what you're saying, Jim, on the Discovery side. Obviously, non-clinical from in vitro all the way through in vivo is an inherently lumpy business. Getting to the Discovery side of the equation, as we think about what happened this quarter relative to where your mindset was at the Investor Day last quarter, could you maybe  I know you've already talked about it, but maybe if you could just qualify what's happened. Obviously, this is a sizeable addressable market; it's going to be lumpy. We should be looking at it from a year-over-year perspective. I totally get that. But, from the Investor Day to here, you've changed management. Obviously, there's some weakness there. But, if you could maybe just kind of walk through exactly what happened there? And then on the RMS side, as you think about just the competitive dynamics, have you seen one of your peers on the academic side start to fight back a bit? Or are they still kind of floundering, if you will, from the standpoint of their rodent business? Thanks.
James C. Foster - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: I'll take the easier one first. I would say it's a competitive universe and the Research Model business is  we want to always take our competitors seriously. So we would never disparage them, but I would say that they're certainly not becoming stronger in competition. So I think they have some issues, and we've done such a good job on a quality basis, on an international scale basis, and actually from a price point. The major competitive tool that our competition had was price, and we've pretty much taken that off the table. So, we feel good about our position there. We feel good about how we've driven efficiency there and gotten the margins up. And I think we're in a particularly strong position to take advantage of what additional business there is in the U.S. and Europe, and for sure, the large amount of work that's in China. I would remind you, since I don't think anyone's ever asked and perhaps we've never said, that none of our major competitors have any presence in China. So, we're dealing with Chinese governmental institutions, and, while the Chinese clients may like certain aspects of that, the products aren't particularly great. Discovery, it's a complicated one. So, it's a business that  and just to nuance it and to keep it in perspective  so just to repeat what David said, number one, the whole Discovery business is less than 10% of the whole, and the in vitro piece is less than that, less than 10%. So, we're talking principally about the challenges in the in vitro piece. It's very early. We purposefully went into this business because we want to engage with the clients as early as possible. We wanted to have chemistry capability. We wanted to have target identification capabilities. We wanted to be more important to the clients than we were before we did this acquisition. And so we feel as strong or stronger about the basis of the thesis, and I would say that we, I don't know, that we perhaps did not understand fully the challenges that we would face in getting clients to part with that work, or to having them say, yes I'm, why don't you try this for us? And so, I do think as I said earlier that some of the comparisons with early Safety Assessments are good ones, probably times two because I do think that these are sort of the pearls of the companies and I think that sort of instinctively resist into outsourcing some of this work. So, maybe the simplest way to phrase it is, I don't think we recognize the time that it would take to tell our story thoroughly to have the clients really pause and look at the totality of our portfolio and embrace it. And so, I do think  I think the science is fabulous. I don't think we're disappointing anyone. We don't have clients saying, oh, my God, you guys don't know what you're doing. To the contrary, clients who use us think we're great. Biotech, obviously, it's easier. I won't overstate that either. Most biotech companies have some proprietary discovery capability, but while some of them let us do the earliest work, even if we're not able to do the early work, we can do work immediately following that. So we think we've gotten the right things that we're focusing on a more tightly managed ship. By the way, we drove a whole bunch of operating margin in that business notwithstanding not very good sales, so I think we can continue to drive margin as we originally said. We have a enhanced and much more creative and much more complex sales effort with very senior people, most of whom have PhDs, interfacing with the clients, and we have to tell the story more consistently to pull work through from Discovery into Safety and vice versa. So, I don't really think our view of the business hasn't changed at all since the Investor Conference except to say that it continues to be a challenge. We don't shy away from challenges. We think that the size and scale and importance of the market is enough to keep us not only interested, but to keep investing in this business. The portfolio continues to be unique and unusual and competitively distinct and we're going to continue to drive it that way. So, we're going to just have to continue to work hard at this business. Obviously, since we've called it out, we'll be talking more about it in the future. You need to keep its size in mind and not sort of over-react to it this quarter. And also, you can't over-react to any quarter because if there's no linearity in Safety, there's certainly no linearity in this business. It's going to have some choppy aspects to it which we can ameliorate by a larger client base and a larger suite of services.
Greg Bolan - Avondale Partners LLC: Totally fair. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we have time for one last question and we'll go to Jonathan Groberg with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a million. Just two quick ones. On pricing in 2016, can you maybe talk about what you expect to get for the full year given what happened in the third  where you are in the third quarter here? And any early thoughts for 2017? I know you made some mention around pricing with competitors a second ago. And then just wanted to clarify on the tax rate. I think previously you talked about maybe some upward pressure on the tax rate or at least keeping it stable in 2017, but don't know if that's changed here given what you announced in this quarter. Thanks.
David R. Smith - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: So, I'll take those. On pricing, there's not much changes really in terms of what we've already signaled to everybody at 5% on Safety Assessment and about 2% on RMS. And nothing in that has changed. The shifting of the work hasn't had an impact on how we've priced the work in terms of Safety Assessment. In terms of the tax rate, the Q3, our guess is slightly lower than you would normally expect because when the UK surprised us and changed the tax rate from 18% to 17%, you essentially take the future reserves and you basically restate them at the 1% lower rate, and you take that benefit into the quarter. So it came into Q3. So the way to look at the tax rate for the year is as we said it and we've given you some guidance for the year. When we get to 2017, we will nuance that to give you a bit more flavor as to what that might do for 2017.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Susan E. Hardy - Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.: Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories' Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' second quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our second quarter results and update guidance for 2016. Following the presentation they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available, beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code is either case is 397220. The replay will be available through August 17th, and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would also like to note that we will be holding our meeting with Management in New York on Thursday, August 11th, at 8.30 AM. If you haven't registered yet or need information, please call or email me. You can find my contact information on today's press release. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 12, 2016, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which Management measures and forecasts the Company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Jim, please go ahead
Jim Foster: Good morning. I am very pleased to say that strong financial performance we experienced in first quarter, continues in the second quarter of 2016. All three business segments reported revenue gains which demonstrates, continued solid execution of our business strategy, successful initial integration of well research, and our ongoing focus on exceptional client service. As a result, clients continue to choose to partner with Charles River for our science, our support, and the increasing breadth of our portfolio, which provides wider opportunities for them to leverage our expertise, to achieve their goals faster, more efficient, and productive to our research. I would like to provide you with highlights of our second-quarter performance. We reported revenue of $434.1 million in the second quarter of 2016, a 27.8% increase over the second quarter of 2015. At 0.4%, the negative impact of foreign exchange was minimal. Acquisitions contributed 19.4% to second-quarter revenue growth, and our legacy businesses generated 8.7% organic growth, similar to the first quarter and in line with our long-term high single-digit target. Both the legacy microbial solutions in safety assessment businesses generated growth in excess of 10%, and we were also pleased to see 4% growth in RMS. From a client perspective, biotechnology clients were the primary driver of revenue growth. Sales to these clients increased at a double-digit rate, as they continued to invest in their pipeline. The operating margin declined 50 basis points year over year to 19.5%. The decline was due primarily to the acquisition of WIL, which, as we have mentioned has an operating margin below our DSA segment level. Our goal to achieve $17 million to $20 million of cost synergies over two years will improve WIL's operating efficiency. I am pleased to say we are making excellent progress on synergies and fully expect to achieve our goal in 2017. Earnings per share were $1.20 in the second quarter, an increase of 25% from $0.96 in the second-quarter 2015. The improvement was due primarily to a combination of higher revenue generated by our legacy operations, and the benefit of our acquisitions, particularly WIL. Second-quarter earnings per share also benefited from our venture capital investments, which contributed a gain of $0.06. We were exceptionally pleased to see such robust performance across our portfolio in the second quarter. On the strength of our second-quarter results and our expectations for the second half of the year, we are raising our revenue guidance range by 100 basis points, for both reported and constant currency. The increase reflects an organic growth rate of 7% to 9%, compared to our previous expectation of 6% to 8%. We are also increasing our 2016 non-GAAP earning per share guidance to a range of $4.40 to $4.50, which is $0.065 higher at the midpoint of the range than our original guidance. We are confident that we will achieve our full-year revenue and earnings per share guidance. I would like to provide you additional details on our second-quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was 125.1 million, an increase of 4% in constant currency over the second quarter of 2015. Growth was driven by higher sales and research models in China and research model services. Revenue from services was robust in the quarter with our GEMS, RADS, and insourcing solutions businesses, all reporting revenue growth. The RMS operating margin declined slightly in the second quarter to 28.9% from 29.1%. The 20 basis point change was due primarily to a greater proportion of services in the revenue mix. Operating margins for the product businesses are higher to increasing service revenue did impact the margin. However, higher revenue in our continuing efficiency initiatives are driving operating margin improvement for our service businesses. Revenue for the manufacturing support segment was $87.9 million, a 31.3% growth rate in constant currency, over the second quarter of last year. The acquisition of WIL's CDMO businesses, Celsius and Sunrise, contributed 18.4% of growth. On an organic basis, growth was 12.9%, driven primarily by the microbial solutions and biologics businesses. Microbial solutions reported an exceptional second quarter. With the upgrades to our manufacturing plant completed and production capacity increased, the first quarter backlog was filled. Combined with robust sales of PTS products, core reagents, and microbial identification services, the legacy microbial solutions business generated revenue growth in the second quarter consistent with our target, which is greater than 10%. We had continuing to drive adoption of the PTS family of products, which is the only rapid endotoxin testing platform and at the same time, focusing on expanding our footprint in the market for rapid testing and microbial identification. As the only provider who can offer a comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing of both sterile and nonsterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products, we are in a unique position to support our clients' rapid testing needs. We are investing in research and development for the microbial solutions business to enhance the functionality of our rapid testing platform, and drive greater adoption of our products in order to capitalize on this moment in time, when we have the opportunity to set the standard for rapid testing and identification. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution for our clients will be a driver for microbial solutions to continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth for the long-term foreseeable future. The biologics business reported a very strong year-over-year performance in the second quarter, with robust revenue growth as a result of strong demand for our biosafety and cell banking services. As we mentioned previously, the biologics business supports the development of biologic drugs, which are representing an increasing proportion of drugs in development. Furthermore, the number of biosimilars in development is also increasing, adding to the demand for our services. In order to further strengthen our services portfolio, we recently acquired Blue Stream laboratories, an analytical CRO supporting the development of complex biologics and biosimilars. Located proximate to both our headquarters and our safety assessment facility in Massachusetts, Blue Stream is recognized for its expertise in structural and functional protein characterization programs, and the development and validation of assays for current good manufacturing practice, law release, and stability programs. Although this is one of our smaller acquisitions, Blue Stream was a strategically important target, because its capabilities fit so well with ours. As a result of the acquisition, we can now provide a comprehensive portfolio, of both bioanalytical and biosafety testing services, with the ability to support biologic and biosimilar development from discovery through clinical phases and commercial manufacturing. The manufacturing segment second-quarter operating margin was 35.4%, a 190 basis-point increase year over year, and well above our low 30% target. The improvement was driven primarily by the microbial solutions and biologics businesses. In both cases, increased volume and the benefit of efficiency initiatives contributed. DSA segment revenue was 221.1 million in the second quarter, a 45.6% increase in constant currency over the second quarter of 2015. The acquisitions of WIL and Oncotest contributed 35% to the segment's second-quarter growth. The organic revenue growth of 10.6% was driven primarily by the safety assessment business, which reported a double-digit revenue increase over the same period last year. We were exceptionally pleased with this performance, which resulted primarily from improved client demand, especially from our biotech clients, and the successful execution of our targeted sales strategy. The DSA segment's operating margin was 21.2%, a decline of 40 basis points from 21.6% from second quarter of 2015. Margins in both the legacy discovery and safety assessment businesses improved, but as expected, the addition of WIL slightly depressed the segment operating margin. We are making excellent progress on the cost synergies, and expect WIL's margin to improve. But it will continue to modestly reduce the DSA segment's operating margin at least through the end of 2016. The discovery services business performed well in the second quarter. We are beginning to gain meaningful traction on integrated discovery work, and have recently signed three new deals in different therapeutic areas: ocular, oncology, and ALS. We continue to make progress with our efforts to inform our client base about the breadth of our unique portfolio, and the value of working with a single partner through a larger portion of the early-stage drug research process. The decision process is lengthy, but there is great potential for growth and outsourcing of discovery. We have a reputation for the scope of our expertise, which is one of the critical factors in our clients' choice to partner with us. We are continuing to enhance that expertise through acquisitions and partnerships, particularly with academic institutions, or often on the cutting edge of research. As a result, we believe that as outsourcing increases, we will be the partner of choice for discovery services. Our safety assessment business had a very strong quarter, with all of our facilities reporting higher revenue and WIL exceeding our expectations. As a result of our dedicated focus on portfolio expansion, enhancing our scientific expertise, improving our operating efficiency, and developing flexible and customized working relationships with clients, we are positioned exceptionally well to provide the support which our clients require in order to expedite the drug research efforts. And with the acquisition of WIL, our extensive capabilities and scale present an even more compelling value to our clients, whether they are global biopharma companies increasing their reliance on CROs, or small and midsize biotech companies, which have always relied on external resources. As clients have increasingly chosen to work with us, capacity at our safety assessment sites has continued to fill. We are operating near optimal capacity and our backlog is increasing. Opening Charles River Massachusetts provided some infrastructure to accommodate growth. Clients are especially interested in placing GLP studies in Charles River Massachusetts, and we expect to be able to accommodate them by early 2017. The strategic collaboration with Moderna Therapeutics, which we announced on June 6th, was based in part on the proximity of Charles River Massachusetts to Moderna's operations in Cambridge, which allows their scientists to work side-by-side with ours. The integration of WIL is progressing very well, and I am pleased to say we have accomplished the major goals we set for the first 120 days. Chief among those was integration of WIL's workforce and its clients. We assured both constituencies that the combination of Charles River and WIL would not create disruption and, in fact, would provide expanded career opportunities for employees, and broader support for clients' drug research efforts. Initial feedback suggests that we were successful with both groups. Employees are working collaboratively and productively, and feedback from many clients has been positive. We have already seen the first few instances where a Charles River or WIL client has placed a study at an alternate location within our larger framework. We expect to see this happen more often, as clients take advantage of our broader portfolio, and leverage our global network. Biotech companies were the primary driver of revenue growth in the second quarter. We commented when we announced our planned acquisition of WIL, that even if biotech funding from the capital markets was to slow, we believe that biotech companies had sufficient cash on hand to fund research for a minimum of three years, a point of view which has been supported by a number of analyst reports, the most recent of which was published last week. Cash positions are being reinforced by continued support from large pharma, as those companies increasingly rely on biotech for new molecules. We continue to expect that biotech companies will be a significant source of revenue growth for us, which is one of the advantages of WIL's exposure to small and midsize biotech. The scientific strength and breadth of our unique portfolio is leading to enhanced dialogue with a wide range of clients. As we make progress on our goal to maintain and enhance our position as the premier nonclinical CRO, we are becoming the go-to partner for an expanding number of clients who recognize our expertise, scale, and deep commitment to them. We have increasingly become part of the solution to more efficient and productive drug research, where the clients utilize Charles River to augment their internal expertise, or because they have no in-house infrastructure and choose to partner with the most experienced scientific CRO. Working collaboratively with us to design studies and interpret the results expands our client's bandwidth and capabilities, as they make critical go and no-go decisions, relative to their early development pipelines. Our critical importance to our clients increases as we expand our broad portfolio. Therefore, they increasingly rely on our expertise. We believe that the continued expansion of our portfolio and our scientific expertise, superb execution and our flexibility relative to decision making speed and relationship structures, are the basis for long-lasting relationships with our clients and our future growth. We are maintaining our intense focus on the initiatives that we view as critical to expanding the value we provide for clients. We are continuing to assess opportunities to broaden our early-stage portfolio with strategic acquisitions such as the recent acquisition of Blue Stream. We are partnering with Venture Capital funds to gain access to their portfolio companies, and, as in the case of BioMotiv, which we announced on April 13, to work with academic researchers in both the UK and the U.S. Our continuing investment in internal systems and technology is the basis for improved access to and analysis of information, which increases our decision-making capabilities and the availability of real-time data to our clients. And perhaps most important, we are creating an enhanced working environment, with greater opportunities for our employees. At the end of the day, our employees are the reason that we worked on more than 55% of the drugs approved by the FDA in 2014 and 2015. It is their commitment to Charles River and our clients that makes us the premier early-stage contract research organization, and enables us to achieve our long-term growth goals and enhance shareholder value. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their support. Now I would like David to give you additional details on our second quarter results.
David Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. May I remind you, that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude the amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives, and certain other items. The corresponding GAAP results, and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP items, can be found in the associated slide presentation, as well as on our Investor Relations website. Turning to our results, we are pleased to have delivered a robust performance in the second quarter. Revenue and earnings per share exceeded our previous expectations, driven by strength in our legacy safety assessment and microbial solutions businesses, and by WIL research. Second quarter EPS was further aided by a $0.06 gain from Venture Capital investments. The strong second quarter performance has led us to increase our four-year revenue growth outlook to a range of 21% to 24.5% on a constant currency basis, and increase our non-GAAP earnings-per-share guidance, to a range of $4.40 to $4.50. I'd like to discuss foreign exchange and our tax rate -- two factors that will be a modest headwind in the second half of the year. Both of these factors have already been reflected in our updated guidance. Due to Brexit, the impact of foreign exchange rates has become a focal point over the past six weeks. To provide perspective on our exposure to the British pound, we are providing an updated revenue breakout by currency. We generate approximately 10% of our revenue in British pounds, which is lower than the 15% that we discussed when we last updated this information for the full year 2014. The decline is a result of a strengthening U.S. dollar, and the currency mix of recent acquisitions. Changes in foreign exchange rates since the Brexit vote, primarily the weaker British pound, are expected to have a minimal impact on our 2016 results, reducing revenue by less than $10 million and having a nominal impact on our operating income and earnings per share. Our early discovery operations in the UK generate revenue in British pounds, U.S. dollars, and euros, and this multi currency exposure mitigates most of the impact of operating income from the weakening British pound. In this respect, it is very similar to our Montreal operations. Our Edinburgh operations are more naturally hedged, predominantly invoicing clients in British pounds. As you would expect, we continue to closely monitor the situation in the UK from both an operational and financial perspective. Overall, we expect the foreign exchange impact in 2016 to be in line with our prior outlook of an approximate 1% headwind to revenue, and a slight benefit to earnings per share. Our tax rate will be higher than originally anticipated in 2016, for two primary reasons. The first is the higher taxes associated with certain assertions we made in order to access cash outside of the U.S. in a tax efficient manner. The second is the Venture Capital investment gains, which are taxed at a higher U.S. tax rate. These factors, coupled with WIL's higher tax rate, resulted in a second quarter tax rate of 29.9%, which was a sequential increase of 170 basis points. We now expect that 2016 full-year non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 29% to 30%, which is 100 basis points higher than our prior outlook of 28% to 29%. This 100 basis point increase will result in an approximate 6% -- $0.06 reduction in earnings per share for the year. The higher tax rate partially offset to second quarter outperformance, and was factored into the $0.065 increase at the midpoint of our 2016 non-GAAP earnings per share guidance range. Our outlook for the other nonoperating components is essentially unchanged for the year. I will quickly review the second quarter results and full-year outlook for these items. As expected, unallocated corporate costs decreased by $2 million sequentially to 6.8% of second quarter revenue, due primarily to the normal quarterly gating of health and fringe related costs. For the year, our outlook for unallocated corporate costs is unchanged from May at approximately 7% of revenue. Net interest expense was $7.2 million in the second quarter, a $3.3 million sequential increase, reflecting the higher debt balances and interest rate spread associated with the WIL acquisition. For the full year, we continue to expect net interest expense of $26 million to $28 million. Our diluted share count increased slightly to 47.9 million shares in the second quarter. This was expected because we focused our capital deployment activities on debt repayment, rather than share repurchases. We continue to expect an average diluted share count in a range of 48.5 million shares for the full year. We made significant progress on our debt repayment effort, following the WIL acquisition. We reduced our debt by approximately $80 million, from the end of April to $1.34 billion at the end of the second quarter. The resulting leverage ratio is approximately 3.1 times pro forma EBITDA. Given our strong operating performance, and debt repayment plans for the remainder of the year, we expect to reduce our leverage ratio to below three times by the end of the year. This is a shorter timeframe than the 18 months that we estimated when they WIL acquisition was announced in January, and we look forward to interest savings. Once below three times, our interest-rate spread will decrease by 25 basis points from LIBOR plus 150 basis points currently, to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. I will now provide an update on our cash flow. In the first half, free cash flow increased by $23.4 million to $96.5 million. The increase was primarily driven by our strong year-over-year earnings growth, including WIL's operating performance. In the second quarter, free cash flow declined by $6.3 million to $66.2 million because of cash acquisition and integration cost related to WIL. For 2016, we continue to expect free cash flow in a range of $235 million to $245 million for the year. Capital expenditures, which were $20 million year to date, are slightly favorable to our forecast for the year of $80 million to $85 million, due in part to timing, and refined capital forecast for WIL's businesses, following the completion of the acquisition. Before I discuss our outlook for the third quarter, I would like to comment on two factors that decreased our GAAP earnings per share guidance for the year. The first factor was an increase in acquisition-related cost. The WIL acquisition has been closed for more than a quarter, during which time we have refined the purchase accounting, and revised our estimate of transaction and integration cost. To a lesser extent, we also expect to incur some costs associated with the recently announced Blue Stream acquisition. The second factor was higher cost associated with our global efficiency initiatives, as a result of our plan to close a small facility in Ireland. We're taking this action because we believe the long-term business prospects for the niche services performed at this facility were limited. In the third quarter we expect to see a continuation of many of the strong trends that were reflected in our performance in the first half of the year. We also intend to make continued progress on the WIL integration and synergies. Third-quarter revenue is expected to increase more than 20% year over year, and should be similar to, or slightly lower than the second quarter level. This reflects a slightly greater foreign exchange headwind, following Brexit, and seasonal trends in the RMS segments. The seasonality in the RMS segment is also the primary reason that we expect the consolidated non-GAAP operating margin to be slightly lower than the second quarter level. Non-GAAP earnings per share, is expected to increase at a high single, to low double-digit rate on a year-over-year basis. This would represent earnings per share at a level similar to the second quarter, excluding the $0.06 of Venture Capital investment gains. We have not forecast Venture Capital investment gains in the third or fourth quarters, because we had already achieved our expected annual return on these investments in the first quarter, and do not forecast the performance of these funds beyond our annual expected return. I would also like to remind you of the 53rd week, which will affect the fourth quarter this year. The 53rd week is periodically required to true up to a December 31 year end, as a result of our 13-week, or 4-4-5 quarterly reporting structure. The 53rd week is characterized by a light week of sales due to the holidays, but a normal week of costs. In 2016 the 53rd week is expected to contribute approximately 1% to revenue growth or approximately 4% to fourth quarter revenue growth. The 53rd week is expected to provide a nominal benefit to earnings per share, and a de minimis impact on the operating margin. In conclusion, we are pleased with our strong performance in the first half of the year, which has enabled us to increase our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. Our updated earnings per share range of $4.40 to $4.50 for the year, represents an $0.115 increase in our guidance since February. This reflects the strong demand environment for our essential products and services, and Venture Capital investment gains of $0.10, partially offset by a $0.06 headwind from the higher than anticipated tax rate. We remain focused on continued execution, and believe our first half performance lease is well positioned to achieve our financial targets for the year. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will open the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo, please go ahead.
Tim Evans: David, just a couple pieces of information, maybe you could give us. Could you give us the employee headcount now that the WIL acquisition is closed, and I was also hoping, if you could comment on the tax rate. How much of that increase is structural, now that you have maybe a little bit of a different geographic, footprint versus the part that may go away after this year?
David Smith: So, quick answer to the headcount, we're about 10,000 employees now, with WIL. In terms of the tax increases, well clearly WIL had an impact, because as we previously outlined, that the 35% tax rate, that had some bearing. But the real tax implications I was talking about and the reasons for the 1% increase is more to do with how we bring cash from, particularly places like Canada and China, where we've got more cash than we need, in terms of the business capital needs, and working capital requirements in those countries, and bring that back to enable us to pay down the debt. So we get, varies from country to country, but we could get either a 5% or 10% withholding tax implication there. What we're seeing more cash is being generated there than we initially anticipated at the beginning of the year and so that's one of the reasons why we've got that driver. We're also seeing some thoughts on some other countries where, we feel there may be opportunity to bring cash forward. And finally, it's not certain, and certainly not in our control, but we're aware there may be some tax changes, in places like Germany and the UK, but that's more to a lesser extent. The main driver is bringing cash to be able to pay down our debt.
Tim Evans: So once you get that leverage ratio down to where you want it to be do you anticipate maybe going more to a -- not repatriating cash, leaving it permanently invested abroad?
David Smith: Well I think the wise question there is, while we intend to bring our leverage ratio below three by the end of the year now. That basically enables us to free up the facility for further acquisitions. So I guess the question really would be, continuing to bring that cash forward to enable us to keep the leverage ratio down, to enable us to continue the rate of turn that we have in terms of our acquisition plan.
Operator: Now, we move to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies, please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to make it a two-parter. The first part would be, interested in your retention efforts, success of your retention efforts, of key management and particularly study directors at WIL. How is that going and what are you doing to keep those folks? And secondly, Jim, you talked about interest in GLP studies in Massachusetts. Could you talk about the utilization level in Massachusetts and how much growth that facility can support as you move into 2017? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure. As I said, the integration efforts have gone extremely well at WIL, as well or better than we had anticipated culturally. Economically and in terms of structure of staff, so we have fabulous senior people all ex-WIL, all from WIL, running the sites. And I am not aware that we have lost anybody that we haven't intended to, or knew that we would lose. So I am not that we've lost any of our senior study directors. We know those are people critical to support our clients, and providing client stability by having access to similar, or the same people in the same sites, we know is important to some of our clients. We have a very stable and robust and collaborative organization, and very good synergies. Strong organization there, Charles River Mass is the development towards the opening of the facility, has gone quite well, actually just had a board tour there last week. Headcount is way up. We moved a bunch of core people from other Charles River sites. As you know, Dave, we opened half of the rooms that we originally finished, so forty of the eighty rooms we originally finished. We are working hard to get those GLP ready. They will be ready by the end of the year. Clients will be working in the fourth-quarter to do their audits and be comfortable with it. We are quite confident that we will be ready, willing, and open for business in Q1 of FY17. We have a large cadre of clients both medium-sized, and small biotechs, and very large pharma clients on the East Coast who are quite interested in utilizing the facility. So we are quite confident we will be able to fill that up, and I hope that sometime next year we're talking to you about opening the balance of those 80 rooms which would be another 40. It's not a huge amount of space, but it's meaningful and significant, both at a time when we need incremental capacity, and in the most, probably the most important geographic locale in the world. Operator We'll open the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes, hi, good morning. Couple of questions here, first of all on Brexit, obviously you've quantified for us the impact from an FX perspective. But are you seeing anything, or are you anticipating to see anything from a demand perspective? What are you hearing from your clients, especially given WIL's presence in Europe?
David Smith: Given my nationality, maybe I will make a comment on the Brexit. And as you mentioned we gave you some of the immediate implications to Brexit being the impact on the foreign exchange. In terms of looking forward, it's still early stages in the UK. My personal belief is that as each week passes, I think it begins to stabilize a bit. I think, Prime Minister May has done the right thing in terms of not signing article 50 until she's got her ducks lined up. And I think it's becoming a much more thoughtful approach to the exit than I think it was looking like a few weeks ago. And while we're involved in a number of industry workshops in the UK, just to quote a couple, The Association of British Pharmaceutical Industry is one, the Bioindustry Association is another, and we have a seat at the table of these associations, and they have been formally asked to look into the implications of the EU, UK exit, and I think that the workshop called the Life-Sciences Transition Group, which is giving some advice to the British government. So, and of course we are keeping closely aligned with tax advisers, banks, and others to assess the impact on tax, trade, imports and regulatory methods. I've got a caveat, of course it's early days, but from what we're picking up, for our industry, the impact of Brexit should be a lot less than many other industries. The mood music at the moment seems to be that this may not be cause for major concern in our sector. That said, I do want to caveat that it's still early days and of course there's still plenty of room to go, and get things wrong. But it looks good at the moment.
Ricky Goldwasser: And then just one follow-up, on pricing. Obviously this is always an area of focus. Jim, can you just give us what, status out of what you're seeing in the marketplace from a pricing perspective?
Jim Foster: I assume you are asking principally about safety.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yes
Jim Foster: Let me just, so I'll comment on that first. We're continuing to get 5% increase over prior year, which we are pleased with. We have a very healthy mix of general and specialty toxicology which also benefits margins. And our efficiency initiatives have been quite powerful as well, so we're really pleased with how nicely we've, continuing to drive margin, and the space stays relatively full. When I say relative I'm talking about all of our competitors and clients as well. But, space seems fuller than it has been in years. So, as space continues to be relatively full, we have some level of confidence we will be able to continue to get price. And, so, we're pleased with the value proposition given the level of our investment and the quality and complexity of the work that we are doing. So far prices are 5% over last year.
Operator: And we will open the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Just wanted to touch on the Manufacturing Support margin. Was hoping you could walk us through what drove, specifically the significant expansion there in the operating margin and was any of the additional revenue more drop through than typical? And then as we look at a mid 30s margin range, how should we think about that, as being achievable going forward?
Jim Foster: So, we'll start with the last part first. You should think that having an operating margin over 35% is extraordinary, and we would love to do that on a continual basis. It's not something we are ready to promise yet. We, our longest term goals are to have operating margins in this segment in the low 30s which we have always done and are quite confident we can continue to do. Obviously we are very serious about driving efficiency, and getting price when one can get it, and having new products and enhanced services. So all I can say is our goal will be continue to drive those higher, and further, but I would have to stop short of promising that 35 is here to stay, although that would be our goal. There's a lot of factors. We had very strong productivity enhancements with our new manufacturing in our Microbial Solutions and improved inventory status so we just sold a lot of cartridges and a lot of handheld units. That business has three parts, all of which are performing really well. Our Celsis business is performing quite well, also at, or ahead of where we had anticipated. Also as we said in our prepared remarks, our biologics business which is obviously driven by the increasing strength and availability, and success of new biologic drugs is really driving the demand for that sector so again our capacity utilization is good. There is some price in there, and we are utilizing, we've got a very good mix. We've made some investments in our facilities and I think those are bearing fruit. We are quite confident in that segment's ability to grow at least in low double digits and certainly to have operating margins remaining at least at low 30s. But as I said earlier we are really pleased with the quarter, and while we aspire to, we are not ready to commit to it.
Operator: We will open the line of Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners, please go ahead.
Greg Bolan: Thanks guys for taking the questions, and congrats on a very nice results. I wanted to go back to RMS, Jim. And I was just going through the past couple of quarters and it kind of dawned on me that this is like the third quarter that you guys have really handedly beat us on RMS constant dollar revenue growth. I was just wondering, thinking about some of the steps you had taken back, some time ago on Hollister, and shutting down some rooms. I know that was more of a cost driven action, but as I think about just the supply versus demand, given that you guys control, obviously a very dominant share in this marketplace, what's the supply demand scenario look like these days? Are you still getting some price there? How are you doing in academia? Are there still share gains there? I guess any other color would be helpful on RMS and just the outperformance there would be great. Thanks.
Jim Foster: Sure, Greg. Well look on the capacity side, we work really hard with all of our businesses, to have capacity in sync with demand. I should also say that we have some efficiency initiatives in place, and being further integrated into our operating modalities, such that I think we will be able to continue to use our facilities in a more efficient and more robust fashion, which should help to enhance our operating margins. We are not concerned that we're not going to have enough space if that's part of your question. So I'd say that the demand curve these days is driven by, we have price, we have a mix, with sales of inbred animals, and immuno-compromised animals and sort of higher value animals. We definitely continue to take share, I would say generally, but perhaps more focused on the academic sector given our shares are very large in pharma. We're getting significant increase in China, which is obviously a very large, very new and very large growth market for us, so we are going to continue to build space and service that locale from multiple geographies. Many of those small cities there of course are more than 10 million people. And we are getting some service revenue, which again, sometimes it's not as linear as we would like it to be, but some nice service revenue in our genetically engineered models business and our diagnostic business and our insourcing solutions business. The business has stabilized, it is affected by large reductions in pharmaceutical infrastructure. We saw a little bit of that in the second quarter, we saw virtually none of that in the first quarter, kind of hard to predict what we will see in the third quarter but short of that, the business feels stable. We are really pleased with the operating margins, and obviously pleased to kind of be at our longest term growth goals for the first and second quarter.
Operator: And we're going to open the line of Derek de Bruin with Bank of America, please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Could we talk a little bit about the manufacturing business? You put together a rather diverse set of assets over the last few years. Can you talk about one, I guess, the competitive dynamic, in terms of who you are running into these days. Two, are you seeing the potential for revenue synergies with other parts of the business? And then three, you are guiding to sort of double-digit long term organic revenue growth in this business. Can we, it does look like just from the Q1 results this year and sort of how we think about it there is some lumpiness in of business, can we talk about the seasonality and the lumpiness and how we get to the double-digit.
Jim Foster: So we are quite confident we can continue to grow the business low double digits. I would say that we had a little bit of a blip in the first quarter because we were changing over our manufacturing modality, in the Microbial Solutions business. So that is unusual. And I would say that businesses very unseasonal, if that's a word, it's quite consistent. The biologics business is hard to predict from history, but I would say, tends to have a slightly softer first quarter usually, and then a better back half of the year. But doesn't have the kind of seasonality related to holidays and summers that we typically see in the research model business, when people just don't buy animals because they won't be there to do research with and on them. And the other piece in that sector which we didn't call out this quarter is smallish but nicely operating egg business which is, has a couple of clients that buy more at certain points of the year but I wouldn't say that from portfolio point of view is very seasonal. I'd have to say that whole segment is not seasonally impacted much at all, and certainly not research models perhaps even the safety assessment business may or may not so that's a good thing. There's lots of competitive, it's interesting, it's, at the moment our most profitable segment and a very high-growth segment on an organic basis, it's quite competitive. We have lots of big competitors both in the biologics piece, companies our size or larger that are well-financed and do good work, and we have growing competition in the microbial space. The distinction though, is that they tend to be siloed approaches for a lot of our competition. These businesses are in a larger context, for us, so when you talk about revenue synergies, we have lots of pharma clients who buy a whole bunch of products and services from us, but also want us to help them with quality control aspects of the manufacturing facilities or testing drugs before they go into the clinic or after they go on the market. And of course in the egg business the products are used to manufacture vaccines and a lot of our big pharma clients have veterinary pharmaceutical subsidiaries. Sales synergy is quite good, although the microbial and biologic sales forces tend to be more technical and a little bit more siloed than some of our other sales organizations. But there's still some connectivity. Very strong segment for us that is quite consistent and quite predictable, and we really do think that without additional M&A, and there may or may not be M&A in that space we can continue to grow it, at least at low double digits and we will obviously work hard to continue to drive the margins up. But as I said to an earlier question, while we strive to get to the mid-30s we can't promise that yet.
Operator: And we're opening the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks, Jim, can you maybe just give us a sense of your mix on the biotech side, [SMid] cap versus large gap, obviously with the biogen stuff in the news, I'm just wondering about the risks of customer consolidation?
Jim Foster: I had a little trouble hearing the question.
Tycho Peterson: Your biotech customer mix, smid cap versus large cap. With the biogen headlines I'm just wondering is there any risk. Obviously if it gets taken out it's not necessarily for cost synergies. What is your weighting toward large cap biotech versus smid cap and emerging.
Jim Foster: I don't think I know that off the top of my head. Our biotech revenue is pretty substantial and there are thousands of clients that comprise that. Yes we have lots of sales with a lot of the big players. I won't mention any by name even though you did. But we have a lot of virtual biotech companies and we have a lot of what I would call kind of second tier biotech companies that are public, that have substantial market caps that are in late phase 3 or have their first drug in the market and look like they'll have serial one. We called out Moderna in a press release recently which is a very hot technology that cuts across multiple therapeutic areas. And again, we don't have any clients, even our biggest pharma clients, that comprise more of the 5% of our revenue. Look, there's going to continue to be churn in our client base, there has been forever, Tycho, forever. And our biotech clients will merge with one another and get bought, and occasionally some will go out of business, and every year hundreds more will start up. Look, so all we can do is do the best quality work for them and even if companies get bought, it's likely that the buyer is a Charles River client and it's likely that we will continue to have the work. Every once in a while we are going to have, whether those big biotech companies get bought by big pharma companies, that maybe does less with us than others, that would be a good thing as well. While anything can be disruptive for a very short period of time, we think it all gets sort of meted out in the scale of the work that we do.
Tycho Peterson: And then if I could ask one follow-up on pricing. Now that WIL is in house and Envigo is integrated as well, are you able to push through more pricing discipline? And can you also separately comment on pricing and potential margin flow through for GLP work. Once you do start to ramp that at Charles River Massachusetts, will be that be a decent price premium?
Jim Foster: We are confident that we will continue to get appropriate levels of enhanced price in our safety assessment business, commensurate with the demand and available capacity the complexity of the work that we do, and the synergies that we have with other lines of business. All of it is subject to the long and short term contracts that we have with clients. We have different pricing modalities with all of them. We have seen a classic and appropriate supply and demand curve here, as our spaces fill over a number of years. You have been on this journey with us, and we are essentially full. Appropriately full now. We're using our facilities well. We acquired a little bit of incremental capacity with WIL, and of course we have opened a little bit of incremental capacity with Massachusetts, and a couple of other sites, both last year and a little bit this year, that, I think as long as the demand is persistent, and we are able to accommodate it with the appropriate amount of increased capacity and we don't have large amounts of unused space that we would be able to get, continue to get price. And then clients are very interested in, particularly the big ones as they shut down space and having access to us as the, particularly as the studies get more complex, access to us, helping them design the study and interpret it. Hard to phrase what I'm about to say but I would say that price continues to be important but I would say it's often less emphasized than it was in prior years. That everyone is really interested in quality of work in science, speed and responsiveness, I would say, and collaboration kind of, second, third, and fourth, and while price is in the mix, we rarely start conversations that way. I'm sure we do sometimes. It's not the principal focus, and I think that's obviously a good thing, and it's an appropriate thing given the level of our investment in the fact the clients are increasingly relying on us.
Operator: We will open the line of John Krieger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Jon Kaufman: Hi, this is Jon Kaufman on for John Krieger. For taking questions today. I just want to focus on the discovery piece. Can you talk a little bit more about the traction you have made in the discovery business? What are you seeing from pharma in terms of willingness to outsource the early discovery piece right now?
David Smith: Yes so we have a wide range of clients in our discovery business from the very biggest pharma companies to start up biotech and everything in between. I wouldn't say it's particularly focused upon or used more widely by any particular segment of clients. Our very, very early discovery assets are small molecule-based. So maybe there are less classic biotech companies in that segment. We are seeing enhanced interest in our discovery capabilities. We called out some integrated deals which we recently signed in three therapeutic areas. We are working really hard on those. We have lots of conversations like that ongoing with large and small clients. It's very complicated scientific fields that tend to be multiyear and multimillion dollar deals. Sometimes there are milestones, sometimes there aren't. And we are working hard to be able to sell across that whole discovery portfolio, not just the in vivo piece but in vivo and in vitro and we're also working hard to have pulled through from discovery into safety, which sometimes happens, eventually happens. We do the discovery work and then the drug is looking good and the client uses us for safety assessment. Our aspiration is to have those conversations up front. Some clients will contract that way and others won't. Some of the integrated work is a lot longer sell than we had originally anticipated. That's okay. And a lot of it just has to do with educating the client base that our services are available and the nature of them. They tend to be very highbrow scientific conversations between our scientists and the clients' scientists. So the sorting out how we can help them and what we can do for them that they can't do themselves. I would say the sale is among the most complex that we have, and to that point we have a very sophisticated sales organization. Most of those people are PhDs so we are going toe to toe with our clients. We are pleased with the trajectory and the potential and some of the recent wins that we have had.
Operator: We'll open the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: Good morning guys, Jim, you've had this sort of vision of a fully integrated discovery organization for a while and obviously you continue to assembled the assets to create that. I would just be curious how the tone of the conversations, or the level of the conversations you have had with the customer base have changed. You are really the only one that has this suite of capabilities. How have you, if you get pushed back on why someone isn't using you more broadly, what is typically the reason, or what you have to do to convert them?
Jim Foster: Yes, as I said to the last questioner, the sell takes a while and we really have to have time to go in, so while I keep using the word sale, its way more sophisticated than that. So you're really going in and saying, look, we have the scientific capabilities which we believe, if you need them, can be quite helpful to you. Sometimes the initial feedback is, yes, we do discovery, why on earth would we need you, thanks for coming. But often when we dig down and we tell them we've found 65 development candidates, a third of which have gotten proof of concept working through the clinic, their eyes open up and we talk about the therapeutic areas where we have had success. We have a lot of clients that some of our discovery capabilities are what I would call industrialized aspects of some of the things that they do, but we do on a more routine basis, and we do more efficiently, and I would say that we do actually better science because we do more of it. When you get the client to listen, I would say, look, increasingly clients are more collaborative and open minded, and are looking for any edge they can get, with anyone, whether it's another pharma collaborator, an academic collaborator, or a CRO collaborator, who will help them either discover something or enhance something that they've discovered or help them develop it, either to elimination, or to move it through the clinic. So I would say that clients are increasingly more open and interested in hearing our story and as the discovery portfolio gets larger, and we have greater therapeutic area coverage, and of course we start quite early in that process. There is more to talk to them about and I've always thought that a critical mass is important for us to get their attention and I think we are doing that, increasingly doing that well. Particularly for clients who are now working across our portfolio, starting with them and discovery, particularly for the smaller clients is really magic, because they tend to stay with us during the lifecycle of that drug and perhaps additional drugs coming down the pipeline.
Operator: We go to the line of Garen Sarafian with Citi Research, please go ahead.
Garen Sarafian: One is a follow-up and then a broader question. First in RMS, following up on the prior question, could you break out or even just prioritize what was behind the 4% growth? How much was pure price increase versus maybe project expansion or new volume for example?
Jim Foster: Little bit hard to do. The research model business, the research model. So the RM part of RMS, we're getting 2% to 3% price, and I would throw mix into the pricing comment as well. We have higher value animals. That's playing through there, you get a little bit of share gain. You've got pure, de novo available business in China, so you just have market availability which is increasing all the time. And then the service business, I would say, we have slightly less pricing activity in the service business, but the volume has increased nicely over the prior year so kind of all of those things in the aggregate give us that 4% increase.
Garen Sarafian: That's helpful. The follow-up is just on capital deployment and M&A. You obviously made one recent tuck in acquisition, but you're delevering more quickly than you initially expected and the market for M&A at least on the clinical side continues to be very active. Could you share your views on what you're seeing on the preclinical side? Willingness of private scholars versus historically, and I guess your appetite to do a greater volume of deals, as these opportunity do present themselves?
Jim Foster: I think you asked a couple of questions. We continue to be interested in expanding our portfolio, strategically, and scientifically. So we are both more important and more helpful to our clients. And as we said many times before we are emphasizing discovery. We are interested in probably in vitro capabilities. There are some geographic areas of interest for us and we would not foreclose expansion in any of our current businesses that are growing. I would also say that we have an extremely active and robust M&A operation and we have several deals in which we are in discussions at the moment. But that's sort of always the case with us. But we are very focused and there are a lot of things available at the moment. So as we delever, as we promised, and get below three turns, you should not be surprised if we do something meaningful. I would use the term meaningful to describe something not gigantic, but meaningful that it moves the top and bottom line and also gets us service capabilities that our clients like. Specifically on the safety assessment side which you asked about, all I can say is that all of our competitors, including WIL, which we bought, but all of our competitors traded in the last two years, three of them traded in the last 12 months. Several of them have traded to private equity, which means that sometime in the future they will be available again. And I couldn't really comment, I wouldn't comment anyway but I really couldn't comment on what we may or may not do in that space. It will depend on if and when those markets, when those businesses come to market, and how strong the demand curve is then. I wouldn't rule anything out. If it could help us support our clients in a more holistic way.
Operator: And we have time for one final question, we will open the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George Hill: Hey, good morning guys, and thanks for squeezing me in. Jim, you talked a lot about the visibility in discovery from big biotech but, I guess can you talk about what you are seeing out of the more mature drug development companies, the commercial stage companies? And, is that end market demand steady, or, and if it's not can you talk about how we've seen the mix shift away from more traditional pharma towards biotech, maybe from a personal revenue perspective?
Jim Foster: You said discovery so I'm going to assume that you were talking about discovery and not safety. I would say that with a big pharma companies, more of the activities that they periodically do, so good example would be in our oncology franchise, we do something called zenographs, which we put human tumors into immuno-compromised animals. So, in some of the big drug companies where they're doing cancer research, they will do that themselves, but they kind of do it periodically, and, not the best use of their time or their people and while it's not trivial, and it's reasonably complex, it's much better in our hands where we do lots of that were lots of clients. That's an example of something that even the big drug companies say, well fine, why don't you do that for us because you do that better and more efficiently. I would say small clients, we can help them with target identification and enhancing their targets. We can help them with the medicinal chemistry and we can certainly help them with the in vitro and in vivo aspects of our business. I would say that our discovery assets are appropriate for clients large and small. It really depends on their view on outsourcing. I would say that almost all of our big pharma clients are increasingly more open and interested and actively doing outsourcing. There are a few that remain reluctant to do that, but they're you can see they are beginning to think about it. So the client base, both large and small, will be significant and I continue to believe that the scale and depth and complexity of our portfolio and our ability to explain it to clients and sometimes link it with our safety assessment businesses or our Biologics business will be very increasingly more important to our clients.
George Hill: Okay maybe if I had a quick follow up just answer the same question around safety?
Jim Foster: Safety, look, is very much outsourced already. At least 50% of the work is outside. I know of only one big drug company that does long term tox studies internally. A lot of them do the early stuff internally, but even that, they are doing less of. And of course almost all of the biotech companies have no toxicology facilities and no interest or capability or need to do that. We feel that the outsourcing volume will over time, go from 50% or maybe 55% to 75% or 85% or higher. And the only thing that would retard that growth is lack of capacity or staffing, neither of which we intend to have a problem with. It's a scientific activity that's highly regulated, that we do better than the clients, and we do a lot more of it than the clients, and we do it in multiple geographic locales, so it's quite, we are quite confident that work will continue to be outsourced.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you next week in New York at our meeting with Management. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' first quarter 2016 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our first quarter results and update guidance for 2016. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 391001. The replay will be available through May 18. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 12, 2016, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Jim, please go ahead.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'm very pleased to say that we are off to a great start in 2016. Our financial results were strong across our three business segments, which reinforces our confidence in our outlook for the year and is enabling us to increase our non-GAAP EPS guidance. We believe our performance demonstrates solid execution of our business strategy and our focus on exceptional client service. As a result, clients continue to choose to partner with Charles River for our science, our support, and the breadth of our portfolio, which enables them to work with us throughout the early stage research process. The acquisition of WIL Research, which was completed on April 4, has definitely enhanced our capabilities and our value proposition for clients. We will provide further details on WIL shortly but let me begin by giving you the highlights of our first quarter performance. We reported revenue of $354.9 million in the first quarter of 2016, a 12.4% increase over the first quarter of 2015 in constant currency. Acquisitions contributed 3.7% to first quarter revenue growth and our legacy businesses generated 8.7% organic growth, which is in line with our long-term target. The most significant contribution came from the Safety Assessment business and we were also pleased to see 4.6% growth in RMS with higher sales of models in all geographic regions and improvement in the services businesses. From a client perspective, biotechnology clients were the primary driver of revenue growth. Sales to these clients increased at double-digit rate, as they continued to invest in their pipelines. The operating margin increased 220 basis points year-over-year to 18.4%. Each of the three business segments reported an improved operating margin, benefiting both from higher revenue and efficiency initiatives. The RMS and DSA segments reported the most significant margin improvement, increasing 370 basis points and 350 basis points year-over-year, respectively. Earnings per share were $0.98 in the first quarter, an increase of 24.1% from $0.79 in the first quarter of 2015. The improvement was due primarily to higher revenue and operating income. First quarter EPS also benefited from our venture capital investments, which contributed a gain of $0.04. We were exceptionally pleased to see such robust performance across our portfolio for the first quarter. Our operating efficiency has continued to improve as a result of our ongoing performance improvement initiatives. So, constant currency revenue growth of 12.4% translated into non-GAAP EPS growth of 24.1%. On the strength of our first quarter results, we are increasing our 2016 non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $4.32 to $4.45, which is $0.05 higher at the midpoint of the range than our original guidance. I'd like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $124 million, an increase of 4.6% in constant currency over the first quarter of 2015. Sales of Research Models were the primary contributor to the increase, driven by higher revenue in North America, Europe, and Asia. As we have for more than a year, we continue to see increased demand for inbred research models, which we believe are the models of choice for translational research. Research Model Services also contributed to the RMS segment's mid-single digit growth in the first quarter. As we noted previously, with the anniversaries of the NCI contract cancellation, and the reduction of a significant GEMS colony behind us, we expect the revenue to improve for the service businesses. Primarily, as a result of higher volume and the benefit of our efficiency initiatives, the RMS operating margin increased by 370 basis points to 30% in the first quarter. As you know, the Research Model business historically has a seasonably strong first quarter, when both commercial and academic researchers return to work after the holidays and initiate new projects. We were very pleased with the improvement, which exceeded our annual operating margin goal. I would remind you that RMS  the RMS segment margin is highly leveraged to volume, so we would not expect a similar margin performance in quarters where revenue is seasonally softer. From a long-term perspective, we continue to expect an annual operating margin in the high 20% range. Revenue for the Manufacturing Support segment was $72.9 million, a 22.5% growth rate in constant currency over the first quarter of the year. Acquisitions of Celsis and Sunrise contributed 14.8% to growth. On an organic basis, growth was 7.7%, driven primarily by the Biologics and Microbial Solutions businesses. The Biologics business reported a very strong year-over-year performance in the first quarter, with robust revenue growth as a result of strong demand for our virology and cell banking services. And Biologics business supports the development of biologic drugs, which are representing an increasing proportion of drugs in development. In order to accommodate greater demand for our services, we have expanded and are continuing to add infrastructure in both the U.S. and Europe. This additional capacity enabled the Biologics business to take on new business in the first quarter and our plan is to continue to expand as a basis for growth in the coming years. Microbial Solutions reported a good quarter. But revenue was lower than expected due to upgrades we had undertaken to enhance our manufacturing capacity. Demand for PTS cartridges has increased significantly over time. With the expansion of our product line from PTS to MCS to Nexus, and most recently to Nexgen, we have now sold more than 7,000 readers. With more machines in service and greater requirements to testing generally, the demand for cartridges has increased. In order to meet the demand, we invested in new manufacturing capabilities, which will increase our cartridge production capacity by 40%. The conversion occurred in the first quarter, and as we work through the process, some orders were backlogged. With the conversion process now completed, we expect that the organic revenue growth rate will increase from the first quarter level and exceed 10% for the full-year. Integration of the Celsis acquisition is proceeding well. We are now focused on expanding our footprint in the market for rapid testing and microbial identification. The acquisition of Celsis was a critical building block in our strategy to position Microbial Solutions as the only provider that can offer a unique, comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing of both sterile and non-sterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products. We are optimistic that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low-double-digit organic revenue growth for the long-term foreseeable future. The Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 31.4%, a 150-basis-point increase year-over-year. The improvement was driven by the Biologics and Avian businesses due to both increased volume and to the benefit of efficiency initiatives. DSA revenue in the first quarter was $158 million, a 14.7% increase in constant currency over the first quarter of 2015. The acquisition of Oncotest contributed 2.1% to the segment's first quarter growth. The organic revenue growth of 12.6% was driven primarily by the Safety Assessment business, which reported a double-digit revenue increase over the first quarter of 2015, marking the sixth consecutive quarter with growth above 10%. We were exceptionally pleased with this performance, which resulted primarily from improved client demand, especially from biotech clients and the successful execution of our targeted sales strategies. The DSA operating margin was 23.3%, an improvement of 350 basis points from 19.8% in the first quarter of 2015. The improvement was due primarily to the Safety Assessment business as a result of leverage from higher revenue and also the Discovery business as a result of both higher revenue and efficiency initiatives. We were very pleased to see the Safety Assessment margin above 20% and believe that we will continue to drive further improvement. However, I will remind you that WIL's operating margin is lower than the DSA margin. We expect WIL's margin to improve but it will modestly reduce the DSA segment's operating margin in 2016. We are optimistic about the prospects for our Discovery business. Our in vivo business did very well, particularly the oncology services, which we expanded with the acquisition of Oncotest in the fourth quarter of last year. Integrated with Charles River's broader oncology portfolio, the acquisition created a premier oncology CRO with the ability to support the validation of novel cancer therapies. The integration has proceeded well, and with so many drug companies focusing on oncology therapies, the demand for our expertise has increased. The Early Discovery business is performing well and our pipeline is robust, which gives us confidence that revenue growth will strengthen in the coming quarters. We continue with our efforts to inform our client base on the breadth of our unique portfolio and the value of working with a single partner through a larger portion of the early-stage drug research process. There is great potential for growth in outsourcing of Early Discovery. However, the decision process is lengthy. That said, we have a reputation for our expertise and are winning business competitively. Our scientists are solving some of the most complex challenges of identifying disease targets and finding the keys which will unlock therapies to treat and cure diseases. In fact, in February, a client informed us that a drug candidate identified by our early develop discovery scientists had been approved to begin the early development process, making this our 64th drug candidate. This is an achievement that few biopharmaceutical companies can claim and one of which we are very proud. As I mentioned, our Safety Assessment business had a very strong quarter, with most of our facilities reporting significantly higher revenue. Having invested in portfolio expansion and enhanced our scientific expertise, improved our operating efficiency, and developed flexible customized working relationships with clients, we are positioned exceptionally well to provide the services which our clients require in order to support the drug research efforts. Our extensive capabilities are especially important now, when global biopharma companies are increasingly reliant on CROs and small and midsize biotech companies which have always relied on external resources are investing in their pipelines. As clients have increasingly chosen to work with us, capacity at our Safety Assessment sites has continued to fill, and opening Charles River Massachusetts provides infrastructure to accommodate growth. As we noted when we initially announced the acquisition of the WIL Research in January, WIL is another key element of our continued ability to support our clients' early-stage research efforts and our long-term growth goals. It strengthens our existing service offerings in different geographic regions, enabling us to provide support more proximate to our clients' locations in North America and Europe. As a result of tremendous effort on the part of our deal and integration teams and an extensive group of employees at both Charles River and WIL, we were able to close the acquisition on April 4, at the beginning of the second quarter. Today is day 30 post-close, and I'm proud to say that the same enthusiasm with which everyone approached the process of getting the acquisition closed is now being applied to the integration process, which was meticulously planned. Many organizational decisions were made by the joint integration teams prior to the close, and meetings were held with all employees within the first few days following the close. As soon as the acquisition was completed, discussions were held with many clients to review our broader capabilities and operational methodologies. As a result, we believe there was minimal disruption to WIL's workforce or to ongoing client projects or business development efforts. And I'm pleased to say that similar to our experience when we acquired Argenta and BioFocus, the WIL employees are already seeing the benefit of being owned by a synergistic parent, especially with regard to collaboration between the scientific staffs of both Charles River and WIL. We believe that collaboration will leverage the talents of our larger scientific staff, enabling the combined entity to provide an enhanced level of service to our clients. I also noted in January that we had established a broader integration function to ensure that we achieve our targeted goals of the WIL acquisition. In addition to staffing the function with dedicated personnel, many at a senior level, we defined key performance indicators to quantify our progress on integration. We are carefully tracking these KPIs to ensure that we achieve the expected cost synergies of $17 million to $20 million over a two-year period, as well as a number of additional measures. As a result of our extensive planning, we are confident that the integration will proceed in line with our plan and that we will achieve the goals that we set for the acquisition. We are continuing to have strategic discussions with heads of research at global biopharmas and small and midsize biotech companies, and are expanding our discussions with academic institutions to identify the opportunities to work together across a broader portfolio. These discussions are particularly important now, because the addition of capabilities and the expansion of our global footprint present greater opportunities to support our clients' drug research efforts. The breadth of our unique portfolio and extensive scientific expertise resonate with all types of clients, global biopharma, companies which are increasingly making a more significant commitment to outsourcing as they strive to improve operating efficiency and increase pipeline productivity, biotech companies which have traditionally preferred outsourcing to building infrastructure and academic institutions which are partnering with biopharma to monetize innovation and require partners to provide expertise in drug discovery and development. We believe that this is the right time to pursue these relationships because R&D spending is stable to increasing. The use of outsourced services is trending higher and funding is available, especially for biotech. As was the case in 2015, biotech companies were the primary driver for supported revenue growth and sales to these clients increased at high-teens rate year-over-year and at a slightly higher rate for the DSA segment. We commented when we announced our planned acquisition of WIL that even if biotech funding from the capital markets were to slow, we believe that biotech companies had sufficient cash on hand to fund research for a minimum of three years, a point of view which has been supported by a number of analysts' reports published since. This cash will be buttressed by continued support from large pharma. We expect that biotech companies will be a significant source of revenue growth for us, which is one of the advantages of WIL's exposure to small and midsize biotech. Our priority over the next 18 months will be to integrate the WIL acquisition in order to ensure that we obtain the expected benefits and to repay debt. We intend to continue to assess opportunities to broaden our early-stage portfolio with strategic acquisitions and in-house development as we continue to increase our capabilities and therapeutic area expertise to enhance our ability to support our clients. We believe that the extensive support we provide for our clients is the reason that we work on more than 55% of the drugs approved by the FDA in the last two years. We remain focused on our long-term strategy to maintain and enhance Charles River's position as the premier early-stage contract research organization to achieve our long-term goals and to enhance shareholder value. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'd like David Smith to give you additional details on our first quarter results.
David R. Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. We are very pleased with our first quarter performance, especially given that the start of the year can be difficult to predict, as clients prioritize their budgets for the year and the associated impact on study starts. We believe that the strong start this year is a testament to the demand for and quality of the early-stage products and services that we provide. From an operational perspective, our first quarter results were ahead of our expectations, primarily driven by our return to mid-single digit growth and margin expansion in the RMS segment. First quarter earnings per share of $0.98 were further aided by other income, which contributed approximately $0.05 to earnings per share. This was primarily driven by a $0.04 gain from our life science venture capital investment. The guidance for 2016, which we provided in February, included an expected gain of $0.04 per share for the year, which we fully achieved in the first quarter. We expect an annual return on our investments in these venture capital funds in line with our weighted average cost of capital but do not forecast the performance of these funds beyond our annual expected return. Therefore, we have not forecasted additional gains from these investments for the remainder of the year. Our primary purpose in partnering with life science venture capital firms is to enable us to access a large portfolio of emerging biotech companies at an early stage. This offers us the opportunity to become the preferred provider for their drug discovery and early development needs. The investment returns, while attractive, have always been a secondary element of these relationships. With respect to our revised outlook for 2016, our first quarter performance was certainly one factor that led us to raise our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.05 to a range of $4.32 to $4.45. Higher expectations for RMS for the remainder of the year and the timing of the WIL close also contributed to our improved outlook for the year. Revenue for the RMS segment will be marginally better than we expected in 2016, and as you know, the incremental margin on that revenue will be higher than the segment margin. This will result in a modest expansion of the RMS operating margin in 2016 compared to our prior outlook of a margin and outlook for 2015. In addition, we closed the WIL acquisition on April 4, which was very early in the second quarter, so we expect the EPS contribution from WIL to be at the upper end of our implied $0.20 to $0.23 range. Our revenue guidance is unchanged for the year. Excluding WIL's revenue contribution, our outlook for each segment is also unchanged. Just to recap, we expected low-teens growth for the DSA segment, and mid to high-teens growth for the Manufacturing segment. As noted in our earnings release, the majority of WIL's operations will be reported in our DSA segment due to its Safety Assessment focus. WIL's CDMO business which had annual revenue of nearly $20 million in 2015 will be reported in our Manufacturing Support segment. On a constant currency basis including WIL, we expect revenue growth in the upper 30% range for the DSA segment and above 20% for the Manufacturing segment. We continue to expect constant currency revenue growth in the low to mid-single digit for the RMS segment, but as I just mentioned, the RMS operating margin will expand modestly in 2016. Our outlook for the DSA and Manufacturing operating margins is consistent with our previous expectations. We expect the DSA operating margin to be modestly lower in 2016, reflecting the impact of the WIL acquisition as well as the 80 basis point headwind from the Qubec tax law change that was enacted in October 2015. We continue to expect the operating margin in the Manufacturing segment to modestly improve this year. On a consolidated basis, we expect the operating margin will be similar to or slightly higher than 2015. Our outlook for the foreign exchange impact is also in line with our initial guidance in February. We continue to expect foreign exchange to reduce reported revenue growth by approximately 1% and provide a slight benefit to earnings per share. The Canadian dollar has strengthened over the past three months but in aggregate other foreign currencies have been relatively stable and have not meaningfully affected our outlook. I will now discuss several of the non-operating components that affected our first quarter performance as well as our outlook for the year. Unallocated corporate costs increased $6 million year-over-year to $31.6 million in the first quarter. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to the factors that I mentioned in February including investment to support future growth. For the year, we have updated our outlook to adjust for the WIL acquisition, which does not add meaningfully to corporate costs. We now expect unallocated corporate costs to total approximately 7% of the revenue, including WIL, which implies unallocated corporate costs of approximately $115 million to $120 million in 2016. This is essentially unchanged on an absolute dollar basis from our prior outlook. At 8.9% of revenue, the first quarter level was significantly higher than our outlook for the year. This was primarily due to the normal quarterly gating of health and fringe-related costs, which are typically highest in the first quarter and then normalized for the remainder of the year. At $3.9 million, net interest expense was in line with our expectation for the first quarter. The $400,000 sequential increase was due to the impact of the Federal Reserve interest rate increase in December, while the $1.4 million year-over-year increase was primarily driven by an incremental interest expense related to our 2015 acquisitions. For the full year, we now expect net interest expense of $26 million to $28 million, including WIL. This is at the top end of the outlook that we provided in February because the WIL acquisition closed very early in the second quarter, and we also borrowed slightly more than initially anticipated. The non-GAAP tax rate increased approximately 180 basis points in the first quarter to 28.2%. The increase was primarily driven by certain assertions we made in order to access cash outside of the U.S. in a tax efficient manner. For the year, our non-GAAP tax rate guidance is unchanged from our prior outlook of 28% to 29%, including a 50-basis-point increase from WIL. I'll now provide an update on our cash flow and reiterate our capital priorities for the year. Free cash flow increased to $30.3 million in the first quarter compared to $600,000 last year. The reasons for the significant increase was a strong year-over-year earnings growth and enhanced working capital management as well as the timing of cash inflows associated with U.K. R&D tax credits and other tax items. Looking at this year, we have now factored the WIL acquisition into our free cash flow and CapEx guidance for 2016. We continue to expect free cash flow in the range of $235 million to $245 million for the year. Our strong first quarter performance and the cash generated by WIL's operations will be offset by transaction and integration costs related to WIL in 2016. WIL is expected to be accretive to free cash flow next year when the transaction and integration costs significantly decrease. Capital expenditures decreased by $2.4 million to $8.2 million in the first quarter. For the full-year, we are increasing our CapEx outlook to a range of $80 million to $85 million to reflect WIL's capital requirements. This compares to our prior outlook of approximately $70 million for the Charles River legacy businesses. Our primary focus for capital deployment in 2016 will be the repayment of debt. In anticipation of funding the WIL acquisition, we amended and expanded our credit agreement on March 30. We increased our borrowing capacity by $350 million to $1.65 billion, which includes a term loan of $650 million and a multi-currency revolving credit facility of up to $1 billion. We had $1.4 billion of outstanding debt on our credit facility at the end of April, which equates to a pro forma leverage ratio of approximately 3.4 times. We are committed to our goal to drive our pro forma leverage ratio below three times within 18 months of the acquisition's close. Based on our current leverage ratio, our interest rate is now LIBOR or the applicable local rate, plus 150 basis points to drawn amounts. One of the benefits of reducing our leverage ratio will be that the interest rate spread will decline to 125 basis points once we are below three times. We did not repurchase shares in the first quarter. Because we do not anticipate any meaningful stock repurchases in 2016 as a result of our focus on debt repayment, we expect our average diluted share count to increase to a range of 48 million to 48.5 million for the full-year. As Jim mentioned, the early phases of the WIL integration have been progressing well. We have already begun to implement initiatives to help us achieve our two-year goal of $17 million to $20 million in operational synergies. Many of the initial projects have been focused on generating efficiencies, primarily through elimination of duplicate roles as well as corporate savings. In addition, we have also begun to implement procurement initiatives such as optimizing the supply of research models for WIL. Productivity and process efficiency will also be a significant focus of the integration efforts going forward through implementation of best-in-class processes from both companies and managing KPIs and other metrics. To recap our guidance for the year, we raised non-GAAP EPS guidance by $0.05, due primarily to our expectations for stronger operating performance, while most of our other metrics are tracking to our initial guidance. On a non-GAAP basis, revenue is unchanged. Our operating margin outlook has improved slightly, partially offset by interest expense that will be at the top end of our previous range. And guidance for the tax rate, diluted share count and free cash flow, all remain unchanged. For the second quarter, there are several factors contributing to our outlook, the most significant of which, of course, is the addition of WIL. We expect second quarter reported revenue to increase more than 20% on a year-over-year basis, with more than half of this increase attributable to WIL. On a segment basis, we expect the year-over-year growth rate in each segment to be similar to the first quarter trend, before factoring in the contributions from the WIL in the DSA and Manufacturing segments. We expect low-teens growth in non-GAAP earnings per share when compared to the second quarter 2015 level of $0.96. This outlook assumes significant revenue growth and a slight sequential expansion of our operating margin in the second quarter, partially offset by below the line items, including a sequential increase in both the tax rate and interest expense due to the acquisition of WIL. We expect that lower corporate costs due to the normal quarterly gating of health and fringe-related costs and margin improvement in the Manufacturing segment will be mostly offset by a sequential decline in the DSA operating margin due to the inclusion of WIL. Over time, we continue to expect WIL's operating margin to improve, as acquisition synergies ramp up and capacity continues to fill. So in conclusion, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and also the prospects for the second quarter and full-year. The strong demand environment for our early-stage products and services is encouraging, but we will not be complacent. We are well aware that the business challenges will inevitably occur, but are confident that we will meet those challenges while maintaining focus on executing our strategy and achieving our long-term financial and operational targets. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Howard Windley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, I'm seeing in your prepared remarks that you're talking about strong growth on the biotech side, and I'm curious about how they are engaging you. I hear you at the same time talking about broader relationships and things like that. Are the biotechs still mostly buying kind of  la carte or one or two services, or are you seeing  are you able to engage them more broadly as well?
James C. Foster: It depends on the size of the client, Dave. I would say that we've seen no slowdown in demand or interest from biotech generally, including very, very small virtual ones and sort of modest sized ones. Since they are essentially all net outsourcers, the larger the clients, the more products they have in the pipeline and the more complex the business is, they tend to look like larger drug companies in terms of their portfolio buying approach to our service offering. So the unique portfolio that we put together continues to distinguish us versus other siloed providers that they can utilize. That's been quite beneficial for all of them. Also the smaller the company often the faster they need to move. And so they want a smaller number of partners. So, yeah, we are definitely seeing biotech embrace the portfolio as well and certainly as well as pharma, why don't we leave it at that.
David Howard Windley: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay, thanks. Great quarter and margins. Wanted to maybe just talk a little bit about the sustainability of some of the trends I know for RMS, you're calling for some tapering due to seasonality but as we look out a little bit further, can you maybe just talk about how much room there is for margin expansion in both RMS and DSA and if you could talk a little bit on the timeline for improving the WIL margins, when you think you can get those up to a reasonable level that would be helpful as well.
James C. Foster: So, I will take it backwards and David can jump in if I forget something. So what we have said about the WIL margin is that they are in low in sort of mid-teens and we are quite confident we can get them to our goal of 20% in the next two years  by the end of the next two years. We, of course, I will remind you, see the 20% in the first quarter. So our goal will eventually be to continue to drive their margins higher as well. So we are quite confident by the way, Tycho, that since we've improved operating margins and driven efficiencies throughout our entire pre-clinical network. And of course, I'll remind you that the pre-clinical business is the aggregation of several acquisitions that we did over a 15-year period that we're quite familiar with best practices and looking at procurement and utilization of labor and efficiencies. And then, of course, WIL has a modest additional opportunity of obviously buying animals directly from Charles River. So we feel good about that. The Research Model business, we're happy to see the top line invigorate. We're getting some price. We're getting some mix. We're getting some share for sure in the academic marketplace worldwide. We're also getting obviously some sustained volume growth in China, in particular. I think all we want to say at this point is that we are confident we can keep the operating margins in the high-20%s. And obviously, if we can sneak them into the low-30%s, Tycho, we'll do that. And on the Manufacturing segment, that still feels like a low-30%s operating margin business for us. Look, by definition, we're organized to drive efficiency in all of our businesses, whether it's a business that we've owned for a long time or acquired or started. So we will do that with all of our businesses. We've spent a lot of time and effort in Safety Assessment, in particular, and we've obviously seen substantial benefits from that. We are focusing similarly in the Research Model business, and we're beginning to see some margins pop there as well. So we hope to see it along most of our lines of business. And obviously, we're going to work hard to improve the operating margins at WIL while maintaining and perhaps enhancing the scientific capabilities of that enterprise.
David R. Smith: Yeah. And just to add, in New York in our Investor Day, we talked about our ambitions over a five-year horizon and we talked about trying to get the total Charles River margin above 20%. We set our first, if you like; beachhead was to get to 20%. Clearly, with WIL, that's deferred the speed with which we can get to 20% because it has, as Jim just mentioned and we mentioned before, lower margins. But I would actually say that because majority of WIL's income is in Safety Assessment and we have a margin that's north of 20% in our basic legacy Safety Assessment business, I would say the ability for us to get to a 20% is now better because of the acquisition of WIL. So a little bit of delay to get there, but actually the risk profile of getting to above 20%, I think, is reduced.
Tycho W. Peterson: That's helpful. If I could just add one quick follow-up on Manufacturing, Jim, you talked about adding capacity for Biologics. Can you maybe just talk about where you think you are in building out additional capacity? You talk about some business wins associated with the capacity you've added, how much more do think you need that?
James C. Foster: We'll add capacity as the demand increases, so it's  it has capacity needs that are dissimilar to other businesses, so large laboratory services capability. We'll probably want to add capacity both in the U.S. and in Europe where we have locations in both locales. And we'll add it ahead of  slightly ahead of the demand as we continue to. We're quite confident that given the strength of Biologics in the portfolios of most of our clients and in the drugs that have been approved in the last few years that the demand for Biologics should at least be sustained probably will intensify. So, obviously, superb scientific staff and sufficient capacity in the right geographic locales is critical to our growth and development there. So we are thrilled to be able to add to the space and have clients utilize it and continue to see that business grow on both the top and the bottom line.
Tycho W. Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next, from the line of Derik De Bruin with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning.
James C. Foster: Good morning.
Susan E. Hardy: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, could you talk a little bit about where you are in terms of just total capacity utilization in terms of the Safety Assessment business? And what does adding WIL bring your overall capacity and once again just a little bit more color on what you are doing with the Massachusetts facility and the opening up there and I guess, has your plans at all changed or are you planning opening up more? It just looks like from our channel check and everything that demand for the preclinical services is just really blooming right now, so just a little bit more color on what your plans are?
James C. Foster: So, Derik, we're happy to say that capacity continues to fill rapidly, pretty much in all of our locations around the world. So we are essentially fully utilizing our capacity. Doesn't mean we don't have any space to take on additional work, but we are quite full. And for instance, the space that we brought on  some of the space we brought on last year in the Midwest since have filled up nicely. So we are able to add it and have it be utilized. WIL provide some additional capacity and also some additional capacity geographic locales that we would like  would have always wanted to have the benefit of and our clients have been demanding principally in Continental Europe. Having said that, I guess, we'd have to say that WIL is more full than we had originally anticipated. And so that's  we're thrilled with that, but it continues to provide a need for us to increase space worldwide. So we will be able to do that at multiple European sites, including WIL. Certainly, Massachusetts, which is open and thriving, it's not fully staffed, but it's significantly staffed. The management team is exceptional. Work has started and the client base is both diverse and enthused. I was with a client yesterday from a local pharma company who said to me that all things being equal, he would always prefer proximity. And he was describing the obvious point that their study monitors would prefer to go and stay and be in the same place with the people that were doing the work and be able to do that pretty much at will by car and obviously, they're flying all over the world to do that now. But we continue to have a space closer and closer to our clients, and we do think that Massachusetts will be incredibly valuable to Boston Biotech. And also Boston Biotech is now Boston Pharma, and there is a lot of pharmaceutical companies here. So we are thrilled to see our space well utilized. Obviously, we're getting  as a result of that capacity utilization driving efficiency. We're getting a pop in operating margins. We have the infrastructure that we already own, which I think is very important to underscore. It has some incremental space to add to not the least of which was opening Massachusetts after too long having it shuttered. So we will  we feel our ability to accommodate clients' demand on a worldwide basis is quite strong.
Derik De Bruin: And if I may do a quick follow-up, could you talk a little bit about employee retention at WIL and key employees? And I noticed it in the past there's really been some issue of one CRO sort of merge, you could have some of the people with institutional memories may be disappearing. What are you doing in terms of employee retention? Is there less risk of that today and just sort of comment on what you're doing to make sure that you're not losing anybody important?
James C. Foster: Yeah. So we're very impressed with the WIL organization in terms of the quality of the people and the quality of the science and the quality of the culture, and we found it quite similar to our own. Their ability to have been such an effective competitor and provider to clients, I think, speaks volumes. We have retained and/or promoted all of the senior people that we wanted to. They're all very enthused to be in their former positions or in new ones. We've embraced the WIL management team both in the U.S. and Europe. And we are already working quite closely and collaboratively with them both as general managers and scientists. So we're quite confident that given the strength of both franchises independently and the collective collaborative strength of putting them together that we're going to be able to retain people and I don't even like putting it that way. But I think the WIL employees are enthused to be part of the synergistic parent that understands what they do and will be able to enhance what they do just in terms of continuing to improve and enhance the quality of the science. So we will be able to maintain those folks.
David R. Smith: The track record that we've had with other acquisitions has been good as well. So we have history to suggest that the way that we approach and I'm a particular individual that hasn't been impacted by that. It's a very respectful approach that I believe that Charles River had in respect to how we genuinely listened to the managers that we acquired and how they can bring, apply some thoughts to the table and we are looking for the best solution. So in terms of the acquisition with WIL, we are generally looking at some of the processes that they have that we can apply across Charles River and vice versa.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you very much.
Operator: Now, from the line of Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on very good results. Got a couple questions here but just going to follow the rules with one. As you think about the waiting of improvement as it relates to RMS first quarter 2016 over first quarter 2015, and I am really focusing on the very high year-over-year incremental operating margin, much higher than what we have been expecting. I know there is some seasonality in there. We obviously had modeled for that but you mentioned, Jim, obviously, high leverage to volume, makes a lot of sense. Obviously, you guys made some production cuts in the Hollister facility a little while back. That's probably helping, but you mentioned price. And can you maybe wait the improvement in incremental operating margin, whether it be between volume and price? And then one other thing. Obviously, your largest competitor in this business obviously has gone through some changes themselves. And you specifically mentioned academia, Jim, gaining share. And do you think that that might be as a result of some disruption that's occurred at your primary competitor? That's all I've got. Thanks.
James C. Foster: So we'll both take a crack at this. The operating margin in Research Models is a result of a host of things. One is that we run that business efficiently and have for a long period of time, and we have rationalized our infrastructure to definitely be in line with demand. We are gaining some progress. We are definitely getting some mix. And we have finally  I say it somewhat embarrassingly  refocused our efforts in driving efficiency in that business, which we've been  we're entering our 70th year in. As we've told you many times, the business has been too manual. And we're really putting some wonderful systems in there that are driving efficiency in areas like inventory management and others. So all of those factors are definitely contributing to that. The share gain  we have been  I think our competitors have seen some  are seeing some challenging times. I doubt we can't get inside of them. So we don't know what they are doing in areas like efficiency. They have small infrastructures and they don't have broad-gauge portfolios. And so they tend to be very siloed. It's unclear whether the ownership structure, Greg, has helped or hurt us or helped to hurt them frankly. Our competitors, particularly the one that you're talking about has primarily competed with us on price only forever. That's a harder and harder card for them to play over time, and our clients are very interested in quality. I'll let David...
David R. Smith: So if you look at the price increase and if you look at also the efficiency programs that we have, and then you look at the cost pressures that come in year on year  we've got pay rises and inflation to deal with. You may not like the sense of it, but really matter whether you apply the price to the cost pressure or the efficiencies to the cost pressure. It's essentially a blend of the three, and the actual numbers we're talking about are similar to all those three of those components.
Greg Bolan: Congrats, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Now, from the line of Sandy Draper with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Sandy Y. Draper: Thanks very much and again I'll add my congratulations on a very strong quarter. Maybe following up on some of your comments, Jim, about the early  the Discovery side of the business and the opportunity there and the nice pickup in demand. You commented around  I think it was a comment from a customer about competition, and when you think about it, and I may have asked this before, do you view competition now in that business as primarily getting stuff that's being done in-house at pharma and having people willing to look at you guys? Or is it really now people are starting to really look at this and it's, how do we put this together and it's whether it's Charles River or some of the other people who may do something like this? Where do see the competition today versus maybe a year or two ago when you guys really started talking about this? Thanks.
James C. Foster: I think it's both, Sandy. Clients  for a lot of clients, the kneejerk reaction when we talk to them about Discovery is that's terrific that you guys have a Discovery offering but that's what we do for a living. The drug companies feel that's their most significant capability, which is probably true, by the way. And notwithstanding that, as we've said in our prepared remarks, we have identified 64 development candidates for a whole host of clients, all of which are in clinical trials right now. That's kind of a big deal. So we actually have some capability in very, very early Discovery, which I do think the drug companies want to collaborate with anybody that can help them in any way. And if we can help them in the very earliest phase, we can help them improve the targets, improve the molecules, identify lead compounds and do obviously the testing all along the way to determine whether the drug should and will get to market. So I would say that increasingly, if they  when they listen, they are open to it. And it's a lot like safety was a long time ago. I was talking to a client about this yesterday in fact about how years ago there was a great reluctance to give a safety work and over time our capabilities have enhanced theirs and, in some cases, exceeded theirs. So I do think it's going to be a gradual process. We can do more for some clients than others and the work is coming outside. There are things that we can do that are sort of industrialized and more routine. There are assays that we have that they don't have. If you look at oncology, the cell lines and capabilities that we have that they don't have as well. If you look at CNS, we have some imaging and methodological capabilities that they don't have. There are slivers of competition along the way. Some of it's Eastern competition. Some of it's Western. It tends to be a little more siloed than we are. So as we've said countless times, I do think that putting the portfolio together of in vivo and in vitro capabilities very early discovery through latest stage discovery, has a lot of the clients to take notice of what we are capable of doing. And I think we're in very early days in the outsourcing trend and we hope it will be a trend. But we are seeing clients really happy with the quality of the work. We're seeing them come back and we're seeing very large pharma and very small biotech companies use that. So we believe that the thesis is a good one. We do think that scale will continue to be important for them, both breadth and depth.
Operator: Next, from the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
George R. Hill: Yes. Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Jim, you gave a lot of color talking about the strength in biotech. Just one concern we hear from a lot of investors is that how the biotech companies have been revalued that could potentially set them up for sale or exit. I guess, I know it's probably a longer-term risk. But could you talk about what you guys have seen historically when some of these biotech companies have transacted and whether or not there's any risk to the business?
James C. Foster: Yeah. So it would obviously be company specific. We have a couple of clients now who are potentially going to be acquired, at least that's what we read in the press. It depends. So if we're running studies for those clients and the science is, quality of our science is what they're looking for and I think they'll likely going to stay with us. It's also quite likely, not always, but quite likely that the acquiring company whether it's larger biotech or a large pharma, is a happy Charles River customer as well and would support that. So they're not going to buy these biotech companies to kill their pipelines. They're only buying them for their pipelines. So I just think that that expands the portfolio for them and I think there's a very, very strong possibility that we should notice nothing frankly. And to put the most positive spin on it, we could be the sole provider to a small or medium-sized biotech company who gets acquired by a larger one who was not a Charles River fan, and we could get access and provide off  they could get understanding of us by doing that deal. So we actually feel really good about that. And of course, we have more clients now in biotech because of that reason, because of the quality of the work that we're doing. So it's not  we don't see that as a significant risk at all, perhaps any risk.
George R. Hill: Okay. And then maybe just a quick follow-up, nice little bonus from the performance of the venture portfolio in the quarter. Can you just say whether those are cash returns or changing the mark on the portfolio?
David R. Smith: It's due to revaluation on the underlying assets that we brought in.
George R. Hill: Okay. Appreciate the call. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: Hi. Good morning, guys. So maybe just quickly now that WIL has closed, can you just help us think about you laid out a number of different metrics at the last Analyst Day in terms of longer-term aspirations and certainly in the context of the recent performance and the WIL transaction, those certainly seem readily achievable. I guess as we think about WIL now being closed, how does it  I am not asking you to provide specific details but maybe more directionally how do you relay that to those goals and where you will likely to be tracking as we hear from you next at the upcoming Analyst Day?
James C. Foster: I would say that WIL will likely enhance our ability to grow the top line in our Safety Assessment business, which will obviously be beneficial to the DSA segment's top line. You know because we've discussed it several times that WIL is currently a drag to operating margins and Safety Assessment and will be for a couple of years albeit improving during that time. And so it's a little bit difficult to estimate what the margin growth will be in that segment once we catch it up. Although we would certainly hope that we could continue to drive efficiency, get some price, have a healthy mix and the margins will continue to improve. Where the margins in the preclinical business are going to end up, it's a little bit difficult to estimate. They are quite attractive at the moment. They're north of 20%, which was our corporate goal for the longest period of time. And obviously, they were substantially below that for a number of years. So we're quite pleased with them. We're not complacent about that. So, clearly, WIL will help the top line. We hope eventually it will help the bottom line. But if you look at the whole DSA segment, given the continued improvement in operating margins in Discovery, particularly  not particularly both on the top line and driving efficiency, we should continue to have slightly better and improving operating margins at DSA as well both from Discovery and ultimately from WIL.
David R. Smith: We have broken out a fair bit of information about WIL in our previous call. And as Jim mentioned, it is only day 30. So before we start committing to additional, if you like, targets above what we've already shared with you, I just think it's a little bit early for us to declare where we think we might get it.
Ross Muken: Fair enough. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Next, from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim C. Evans: Thanks. I wanted to ask about the Microbial Solutions. It seems like the demand there may be caught you a little bit off guard. That business has been doing very well. So I just wanted to kind of see, is the demand here even stronger than you anticipated or just maybe a little more color on what's going on there. Thanks.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So thanks for that question. Let's just be clear about that. Demand is really good in that business and continues to be. We do believe that this business will continue to grow at double-digit rates for the balance of the year, and out in future years. And it has, as you, I think, know, it's gotten double-digit rates for at least half a dozen years historically, strong high-growth business. What happened in the first quarter is the demand for the cartridges are so robust. So we're obviously happy with that. We upgraded our manufacturing capacity and as a result of this conversion process, we got orders backlog a little bit in cartridges and we were unable actually to satisfy the demand in the first quarter. We're through that now, and we should continue to be back to growth metrics. So it's sort of yes to both ways you asked the question that the business is so good and demand is so good, and we are upgrading our manufacturing capability to service the demand and the conversion process slowed us down a bit in the first quarter.
Tim C. Evans: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next, from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Roberto V. Fatta: Yeah, hi. Good morning, guys. It's Robbie Fatta in for John today. Thanks for taking the question. I was just curious from your perspective on longer-term R&D spending trends, particularly from the smaller clients in light of any potential pressure on drug pricing.
James C. Foster: Yeah. So, we certainly haven't heard anything directly from clients, whatever pressures on drug pricing are pretty much alleged and more conversational than reality. In fact, they have not been a reality. I don't think we've ever seen pipelines this robust. I'm talking about in the aggregate both big pharma and biotech companies. The quality of the pipelines, the amount of work that they have, the target hits that they are experiencing, the amount of work that's being outsourced, really feels that we are in a very positive inflection point just in terms of demand and interest and a lot of it has to do with immune-therapies probably particularly immuno-oncology, things like RNAi working. So I think we would all be speculating in terms of what, if any, moderation of drug pricing we see but we certainly haven't seen or heard any of it in dialogue with clients. And certainly we haven't seen it in terms of the volume of business that we have been so pleased to encounter in the first quarter and obviously given our forecast for the year, we continue to think the demand will be quite strong.
Roberto V. Fatta: Great. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: Next, from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Noble: Good morning and thanks for the question. This is Adam Noble in for Bob. Just curious thinking about the guidance, given your expectations for higher RMS revenue and the slightly larger WIL contribution given the earlier closing date, why you guys didn't raise the revenue range as well. Is it just simply being conservative given your rolling one quarter into the year or are there some pushes and pulls with the other segments as well? Just clarity around that would be really helpful.
David R. Smith: Yes. So what I would say, first of all, quarter one, we met our expectations for quarter one. And there are puts and takes in that forecast and at this time, we think that the revenue guidance that we have given you is appropriate when you put it altogether, not much more really to add then other than that we are only three months into the year, still nine months still to go. And I think given the fact that we met our expectations in Q1, on balance, we felt that keeping the revenue guidance to what it was is appropriate.
Adam Noble: Got you. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Next, from the line of Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Garen Sarafian: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Two quick questions; one tactical one with the one strategic. On the WIL acquisition now that it's closed, you mentioned just the margin improvement. So could you elaborate on that a little bit as to what areas you guys are targeting maybe by priority? I know that in the prepared remarks, you guys mentioned, I think, about the purchasing of Research Models. But is it just re-contracting with clients? Is it more procurement? And also that will give us a little bit more color as to the timeline over two years rather than something a little bit more forward. And the second one is on M&A. In two portions of the prepared remarks, you're sort of still looking to strategic M&A to advance the quality and your scientific work but at the same time reduce your leverage ratios. So just it sounds like you guys are taking a balanced approach between the two. So just wondering what type of areas would compel you to revise that timeline with that buy-down and what types of companies would be appealing enough to reconsider that approach? Thank you.
David R. Smith: So I'll take the first question. So just for the background, so we have declared the $17 million to $20 million synergies over two years. We also knew that once we've extracted those synergies, that gets our operating margins in the ballpark of the 20%. We have not and deliberately broken out what portion of that $17 million to $20 million will come this year. And that's  obviously, we have it internally and target that we're all shooting for but we've not broken that out perfectly. So some of the activities that we're doing, we've already mentioned it might be dependent upon the duplicate roles they were announced in terms of changes those on day one, that's been done. And we're already beginning to move our Research Models which we'll be buying from various sources and supplying them directly, so that's quite a quick win. Procurement, it's got up to a good start. Of course, the procurement savings started to come in as we go through the year. And so we're making leverage on our global procurement opportunities there. And there are some internal supports that WIL can use instead of using external consultant. So, for instance, we've got a pretty good and strong tax department team, so we'll be leaning on our internal tax team there. And it gets into the harder aspirations that we have of looking at the processes that they have which can be applied to Charles River and the processes that we have can be applied to WIL. That will take some time. And so when you put all that together, we're still confident that we can deliver that $17 million to $20 million savings and therefore get to the 20% operating margin within the next two years.
James C. Foster: On the M&A question, we want to continue to be very clear about that. We just did a big deal. We  integration is  well, it's going really well. It's complex, we're going to focus most of our effort on the smooth integration of this important asset while we paid down our debt. So we are committed to get below three turns as quickly as possible. I think we originally said in the next 18 months. Having said that, we will continue to be active in looking at M&A targets whether we do something small in the intervening 12 months or 18 months now, we will see. But we're certainly open to doing that. And we  eventually, we want to continue to build out our Discovery portfolio and expand and enhance other areas so that we can be a more important and beneficial provider to our clients. So we will certainly keep working on M&A. But we are going to take a balanced approach as you put it and swallow what we have just want bought effectively and reduce our debt.
Garen Sarafian: That's helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: And there no further questions in queue. I will turn it back over to Susan Hardy for closing remarks.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you at an upcoming conference and if you have any further questions, please feel free to give us a call. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: This concludes the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings and 2016 Guidance Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2015 earnings and 2016 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our fourth quarter results and provide guidance for 2016. Following the presentation, they will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international number is 320-365-3844. The access code, in either case, is 384261. The replay will be available through February 24. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 17, 2015 as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the companys performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. Jim, please go ahead.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I am very pleased to say that 2015 was another exceptional year for Charles River. As was the case in 2014, our financial results demonstrated what we have worked very hard to achieve; strongest portfolio that we have ever had with the ability to support clients from target discovery through preclinical development; deep client relationships where we are a respected and trusted partner; a streamlined organization with the flexibility to respond to a changing industry and client requirements; and employees who are committed to providing exceptional service to our clients. We are extremely proud of the fact that we worked on 50% of the drugs approved by the FDA over the last 2 years, an accomplishment that few CROs can claim. We believe its a testament to the value our clients place on our contribution to their research efforts and we work everyday to enhance that value. Let me give you the highlights of our fourth quarter performance. We reported revenue of $353.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, 11.3% increase over the previous year in constant currency. Acquisitions contributed 3.4% to fourth quarter revenue growth and many of our businesses reported organic growth with the most significant contributions from Safety Assessment, Microbial Solutions, Biologics and Research Models. Sales to midsized biotechnology clients increased at a low double-digit rate and sales to global accounts also increased. The operating margin increased 410 basis points year-over-year to 20.7%. We were very pleased with the margin, which benefited both from higher revenue and efficiency initiatives. At 27.1%, the DSA segment reported the most significant margin improvement, although foreign exchange and the change in Quebec tax law contributed approximately 400 of the 770 basis point gain. David will provide more detail on that topic shortly. But even adjusted for these items, the DSA margin would have been approximately 23%. The RMS segment operating margin also improved 220 basis points year-over-year due primarily to the benefit of efficiency initiatives. Earnings per share were $1 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 23.1% from $0.81 in the fourth quarter of 2014. The improvement was due primarily to higher revenue and operating income as the shares outstanding in both the quarter and the full year were relatively unchanged as a result of our share repurchase program. In 2015, revenue was approximately $1.36 billion, a growth rate of 10.4% in constant currency with acquisitions contributing 4%. The operating margin improved by 180 basis points to 19.4% primarily as a result of leverage from higher revenue and operating efficiencies. Earnings per share were $3.76, an 8.7% increase over 2014, but a 14% increase when adjusting for the negative impact of foreign exchange and gains from limited partnership investments. We believe that our strong performance in 2015 thoroughly demonstrates the successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the early stage research partner of choice, a position that we believe will be enhanced by the pending acquisition of WIL Research. We are optimistic about the opportunities for growth in 2016. Strong demand for our unique portfolio of products and services, the potential for expanding strategic relationships and continuing gains from productivity and efficiency initiatives gives us confidence in our 2016 guidance. Revenue growth in 2016 in which we are including only acquisitions already completed is expected to be in the range from 9% to 11% in constant currency. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range from $4.07 to $4.17, including a gain of $0.04 from limited partnership investments. This would represent an earnings increase of just over 9.5% from last year at the midpoint. When including the expected impact from the WIL acquisition, the revenue growth rate on a constant currency basis, rises to a range of 20% to 23.5% and non-GAAP EPS estimates increases to a range of $4.27 to $4.40, representing an increase of approximately 15% year-over-year at the midpoint. I would like to provide you with details on the fourth quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $114.7 million, an increase of 2.1% in constant currency over the fourth quarter of 2014. Sales of Research Models were the primary contributor to the increase driven in nearly equal parts by North America and Europe. In both regions, we continue to see increased demand for inbred research models, which we believe are the models of choice for translational research. As was the case in the third quarter, sales in Japan continue to decline moderately. But when looking at Asia in total, higher revenue in China more than offset the decline in Japan. China continues to present a significant opportunity for us as the government and private industry both fund drug research. Therefore, we are moving ahead with plans to expand our footprint in China to increase our research model production capacity and provide associated services. It appears that the adverse effects of consolidation of the biopharmaceutical industry moderated in 2015 in both North America and Europe and that demand in China continue to increase. We expect similar trends in 2016 in all geographic areas and also expect to realize price increases of 2% to 3%. As expected, revenue for research models services increased slightly in the fourth quarter. We had discussed our expectation for a better second half of 2015, which was based primarily on the anniversaries of the NCI contract cancellation in the third quarter and the reduction of the significant GEMS colony by one client in the fourth quarter. In addition, the Insourcing Solutions business reported growth in the fourth quarter as a result of new contracts. In the fourth quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 220 basis points to 25.4%. The revenue increase, the consolidation of our facilities in Japan and other efficiency initiatives generated a benefit in the fourth quarter. We continued to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations, particularly through the automation of manual processes and implementation of systems to improve data availability and accuracy. We maintain our belief that an annual RMS operating margin in the high 20% range is achievable and sustainable. The Manufacturing Support segment finished a very strong year with fourth quarter revenue of $78.6 million, representing a growth rate of 32.4% in constant currency. The acquisitions of Celsis and Sunrise contributed 13.7% to growth. On an organic basis, growth was 18.7% with each of the businesses in the segment, Microbial Solutions, Biologics and Avian, delivering double-digit growth. Microbial Solutions was the primary driver of the increase, reporting growth of more than 20% on an organic basis. Client conversion to our rapid Endotoxin testing methods has increased both our demand for PTS machines and the associated use of cartridges. Our continuous product innovation has expanded the applications to the PTS whether as a result of faster processing like the Nexus or improved connectivity like the nexgen. We continued to broaden our capabilities with the acquisition of Celsis in July, which positions Microbial Solutions as the only provider that can offer a unique comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing of both sterile and non-sterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products. The integration of Celsis has progressed well and the sales organization has been extensively trained on selling the broader Microbial Solutions portfolio. We are optimistic that execution of our sales strategies for both the sterile and non-sterile markets will be a key component of revenue growth in 2016 and that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a driver of our goal for Microbial Solutions to continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The Biologics business reported one of its strongest performances ever in the fourth quarter, delivering robust revenue growth and an improved operating margin. Our continued investment in expanding our Biologics portfolio through the development of new assays and additional capabilities has enabled us to provide a broader testing solution for our clients. This investment is particularly important now when the number of biologic drugs in development is increasing. Our goal is to be well positioned to participate in this expanding opportunity and we are pleased with the progress we have made to-date. The Manufacturing segments fourth quarter operating margin was 33.8%, a 120 basis point decline year-over-year, although well in line with our goal of a low 30% margin. DSA revenue in the fourth quarter was $160.5 million, a 9.8% increase in constant currency. The Discovery acquisitions of ChanTest and Oncotest contributed 1.7% to the segments fourth quarter growth. The organic growth of 8.1% was driven primarily by the Safety Assessment business, which reported a low double-digit revenue increase over the fourth quarter of 2014, marking the fifth consecutive quarter with growth above 10%. We were exceptionally pleased with this performance, which resulted primarily from improved client demand especially from our small and mid-sized biotech clients and the successful execution of our targeted sales strategies. As I noted earlier, when adjusted for the Quebec tax change and foreign exchange, the DSA operating margin would have been approximately 23.1%, an improvement of 370 basis points from the 19.4% in the fourth quarter of 2014. The improvement was due primarily to the Safety Assessment business as a result of leverage from higher revenue. We were very pleased to see the Safety Assessment margin about 20% again and believe that we will continue to drive further improvement. Despite the fact that the DSA segment margin was above 20% for three quarters in 2015, in line with our strategic goal, I will remind you that the margin varies from quarter-to-quarter based on a number of factors, so margin improvement may not be linear. In addition, WILs operating margin is lower than the DSA margin, which we expect will moderate the DSA segments potential for margin expansion in 2016. The expansion of our portfolio to include discovery capabilities has greatly enhanced our ability to support our clients research efforts. We have selectively acquired assets and combine them with in-house capabilities to create a discovery business, which can assist our clients in solving complex challenges of early stage research. These capabilities are especially important now when global biopharma companies are making the decision to increase their reliance on CROs and small and mid-sized biotech companies, which have always relied on external resources are investing in their pipelines. Our Discovery business had a challenging year in 2015, primarily due to the cancellation at the end of 2014 of a large contract by a client that reprioritized its pipeline. We expect 2016 to be a more robust year for revenue growth because of the strength of demand combined with enhanced strategies for partnering with clients. We are adept at developing flexible working arrangements, which have become increasingly important to our clients. Higher revenue will drive margin expansion as well efficiency initiatives. We have recently implemented plans to consolidate two of our smaller sites by transferring employees and work streams to larger sites. In addition to improving operating efficiency, these initiatives will centralize scientific expertise, enhancing the opportunities for collaboration and for implementation of best practices. We are continuing to have extensive discussions with heads of research at global biopharma and small and mid-sized biotech companies to identify the opportunities to work together across Discovery and Safety Assessment. The success of our targeted sales strategies was demonstrated by our DSA revenue growth in 2015. Biotech companies were the primary driver as sales to these clients increased at a mid-teens rate year-over-year. We were also pleased that sales to global biopharma clients increased in a mid single-digit rate in 2015 due primarily to strong demand for Safety Assessment services as clients chose to work with us. In addition, we continued to initiate new and expand existing strategic relationships with our clients. As a result, revenue from strategic relationships gained approximately 300 basis points, representing more than 30% of total revenue in 2015. As clients have increasingly chosen to work with us, our capacity has filled and we are now operating at near optimal utilization levels in most of our Safety Assessment facilities. In order to accommodate demand and ensure we have sufficient capacity for future growth, we opened additional study rooms in 2014 and 2015 and reopened a portion of Charles River Massachusetts in January. At this point, most required physicians have been filled at Charles River Mass and we have begun to shift work streams to the facility. We continued to actively market the facility and client response has been very positive. Site visits are accelerating and clients are beginning to place their first studies in the facility. As a result, we are very optimistic that Charles River Mass will meet its targets in 2016. We believe this approach will be another key element of our continued ability to support our clients early stage research efforts and our long-term growth goals. We will provide capacity for growth as well as a needed footprint in Continental Europe. It also strengthens our existing service offerings in different geographic regions enabling us to provide broader services more approximate to our clients locations in North America and Europe. We are moving forward with our integration planning process in order to be well prepared for an early second quarter close. We are investing a significant amount of time meeting WILs management and continued to be very impressed with their scientific expertise, operational capabilities and client focus. We are working on a comprehensive management structure for Charles River Safety Assessment business, which will maximize the talents and best-in-class processes of both organizations. We are also preparing detailed plans for our sales and finance organizations as well as for IT and ERP solutions. Our goal is to get off to a strong start as soon as the acquisition closes maximizing the benefits of our larger organization and minimizing disruption. As David will discuss in a moment, our focus for capital deployment in 2016 will be on repaying debt associated with the WIL acquisition, so that we can lower our leverage to less than 3x EBITDA within 18 months of the close. We intend to continue to assess opportunities to broaden our early stage portfolio with small, strategic acquisitions and in-house development to increase our capabilities and therapeutic area expertise. However, our priority will be to integrate the acquisitions we have made in order to ensure that we obtain the expected benefits. We will also continue with our very successful productivity and efficiency initiatives, which have enabled us to enhance our operations and increase the value that we provide to clients offering our unique portfolio world-class scientific expertise and best-in-class client service at an effective price has been the cornerstone of our value proposition for clients and is clearly resonated. Disciplined investments we are making in infrastructure, both systems and personnel, are as important as the investments we make to expand and enhance our portfolio. In previous conference calls, I have discussed the systems we have implemented to provide improved access to data, ERP, inventory and client portals to name just a few. We have noted additions to our management ranks to augment our scientific expertise and operational capabilities such as the dedicated integration team we established in 2015. Identifying and hiring the best scientific and operational personnel continues to be one of the most critical components of the effective execution of our business strategy, which is the foundation for our future growth. By leveraging the investments we have made and new ones we intend to make in our portfolio and infrastructure, we will enhance the role we play in supporting our clients early stage drug research processes by providing critical capabilities, which they do not have in-house or which enable them to eliminate the internal investment. We are very enthusiastic about the opportunities that are available to us in 2016 and are working hard to capitalize on them. All of our efforts to-date have been focused on positioning Charles River as the premier early stage contract research organization with a unique portfolio and a scientific expertise to partner with all types of clients, global biopharma companies, which are increasingly making a more significant commitment to outsourcing as they strive to improve operating efficiency and increase pipeline productivity, biotech companies, which have always preferred outsourcing to build infrastructure and academic institutions, which are partnering with biopharma to monetize innovation and require partners to provide expertise in drug discovery and development. We believe that our global biopharma, biotech and academic clients are searching for the right partner to support them by taking on a broader role within their organizations and Charles River intends to be that partner. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I would like David Smith to give you additional details on our fourth quarter results and 2016 guidance.
David Smith: Okay, thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I begin, may I remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations, which exclude amortization and other acquisition-related charges, costs related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. This morning, I will focus my discussion on our 2016 financial guidance. We are pleased with our growth prospects for this year, which are highlighted by the potential for higher organic growth in 2016 and the planned addition of WIL Research to our portfolio. We expect the businesses that performed well in 2015 continue to do so and we believe that others will return to growth. In addition, we believe that WIL Research will enhance our ability to partner with clients and drive profitable growth and earnings accretion, both this year and over the longer term. To support these growth opportunities both today and in the future, we are investing in our processes and our people to advance our position as the leading early stage CRO. These investments under the factors, including the significant operating margin performance in the fourth quarter will compress on our margin expansion in 2016, but we are confident that we will be able to leverage our growth and enhanced infrastructure to drive greater margin expansion over the longer term. I will now discuss our 2016 guidance and these factors in more detail. Since our planned acquisition of WIL Research has not been completed, we are providing 2016 financial guidance both excluding and including the impact of WIL. I will begin by discussing our 2016 outlook, excluding WIL. For 2016, we expect reported revenue growth of 8% to 10% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.07 to $4.17. We expect foreign exchange to reduce revenue growth by approximately 1% in 2016 based on current rates compared to 5.3% in 2015, because with the exception of the Canadian dollar, most foreign exchange rates have been less volatile over the past year. This translates into a constant currency revenue growth outlook of 9% to 11% in 2016. The foreign exchange impact on earnings per share is expected to be a moderate benefit in 2016 compared to a $0.09 headwind last year. The benefit is due primarily to recent volatility in the Canadian dollar, which has weakened to near historic lows compared to the U.S. dollar. You may recall that our Safety Assessment business in Canada recognizes the majority of its revenue in U.S. dollars, but incurs most of its costs in Canadian dollars. This generates an operating income and EPS benefit when the Canadian dollar weakens. As noted in our earnings release, 2016 includes a 53rd week, which is periodically required to true-up to December 31 year end as a result of our 13 week or 4-4-5 quarterly reporting structure. The 53rd week is characterized by a light week of sales due to the holidays, but a normal week of costs. In 2016, the 53rd week is expected to contribute approximately 1% to revenue growth, which offset the foreign exchange headwind. The 53rd week is expected to provide a nominal benefit to earnings per share and a de minimis impact to the operating margin. On January 7, we provided the expected contribution from the planned acquisition of WIL Research. That guidance, which remains unchanged, was the WIL to add $150 million to $170 million to our 2016 revenue, which would represent a combined revenue growth rate of 20% to 23.5% on a constant currency basis. We also continue to expect WIL to be at least $0.20 accretive in 2016 resulting in combined non-GAAP EPS of $4.27 to $4.40. This outlook assumes that the acquisition will close early in the second quarter of 2016 as we previously anticipated. In addition to the benefit of acquisitions, we believe that organic revenue growth will continue to improve in 2016 and begin to approach our long-term strategic target of high single-digit growth. Our guidance assumes organic revenue growth of 6% to 8% in 2016 compared to 6.5% last year. Organic growth is expected to be driven by improving trends in our RMS and Discovery businesses, coupled with continued robust growth in our Safety Assessment and Microbial Solutions businesses. On a segment basis, including acquisitions that we completed prior to 2016, we expect constant currency revenue growth in the low to mid single-digits in the RMS segment, in the low teens in the DSA segment, excluding WIL and in the mid to high-teens in the Manufacturing Support segment. These robust revenue trends as well as our continued focus on generating greater operating efficiency are expected to contribute to the operating margin again in 2016. However, margin improvement is expected to be largely offset by higher corporate costs and the operating income impact from the Quebec tax law change, resulting in a consolidated operating margin, excluding WIL that will be similar to or slightly higher than the 2015 level of 19.4%. Foreign exchange and the 53rd week are not expected to have a meaningful impact on the operating margin in 2016. Our global productivity and efficiency initiatives continue to be a significant focus at Charles River. We achieved incremental savings of approximately $13 million in 2015 and expect to generate a benefit of at least $35 million in 2016. The benefits of the efficiency program in both 15 and our expectation for 16 exceeded the outlook that we provided at our Investor Day in August. This is because we continued to identify new projects and generate larger savings on planned initiatives. The projects in 2016 are focused on several areas, including automation to replace manual processes in the RMS, Biologics and Safety Assessment businesses, the use of IT and data systems to enhance efficiency and decision making and the continued optimization of capacity utilization across our businesses. Unallocated corporate costs are expected to increase in 2016. Excluding WIL, these costs are expected to total approximately 7.5% of revenue compared to 7.1% of revenue last year. The increase in costs is related to several factors: First, we are continuing to make disciplined investments in our people, processes and systems in order to position Charles River to support future growth. We believe that these investments will generate benefits over time by providing a scalable platform to leverage revenue growth and accommodate future acquisitions with a more efficient infrastructure. Second, performance based compensation costs have been trending higher due to our strong performance for the past few years, including 2015. Finally, the 53rd week is expected to add nearly $2 million in costs. Higher corporate costs will largely offset the expected margin improvement in certain business segments. Segment operating margins are expected to be driven primarily by a modest improvement in the Manufacturing Support segment as well as a slightly higher DSA margin, excluding WIL. The manufacturing operating margin will be driven primarily by infrastructure enhancements in the Microbial Solutions business as well as synergies associated with the Celsis acquisition. The DSA margin will benefit from leverage from robust revenue growth, partially offset by a net 80 basis point headwind from the Quebec tax law change compared to 2015. The reopening of our Charles River Massachusetts facility is expected to have a minimal impact on our full year DSA operating margin, which we estimate will represent only a 20 basis point headwind and a negligible impact on the 2016 Charles River consolidated margin. As we noted in January, WIL Research currently has an operating margin in the mid-teens, which is expected to reduce our DSA operating margin by approximately 150 basis points. The RMS operating margin is expected to be relatively flat in 2016. Our 2016 non-GAAP earnings per share guidance were $4.07 to $4.17 excluding WIL represents a growth rate of 8% to 11% over 2015. Revenue and operating income growth are expected to be the primary drivers of earnings growth, offset in part by non-operating items. The largest headwinds are; the Quebec tax law change, which is expected to impact earnings per share by approximately $0.05 and net interest expense, which is expected to reduce earnings by $0.06 to $0.09 before factoring in the debt that will be used to finance the WIL acquisition. We have also forecasted limited partnership investment gains of $0.04 will be slightly lower than 2015. Despite the recent stock market volatility in the biotech sector, we are confident in the long-term prospects for these investments and believe it is prudent to continue to forecast the return on our investments in certain life science venture capital funds. Interest expense is expected to be higher in 2016 due in part to the current rate environment as well as the planned acquisition of WIL Research. Net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $17 million to $19 million in 2016, excluding WIL compared to $13.1 million in 2015. This outlook is based on our assumption that LIBOR rates will increase by approximately 25 basis points per quarter in 2016. Financing for the WIL acquisition is expected to add incremental interest expense of $6 million to $8 million in 2016 assuming the transaction closes early in the second quarter. As previously noted, we intend to finance the WIL transaction through an expansion of our credit facility by $350 million to $1.65 billion. The interest rates on drawn amounts for this facility is expected to increase to LIBOR plus 150 basis points post-close based on an estimated pro forma leverage ratio of 3.5x. I mentioned last quarter that the Quebec provincial government had enacted a tax law change in October 2015 that would affect both our fourth quarter results and our results for future period. The substance of the change was to reduce the benefit of provincial R&D tax credits to 14% from 17.5% and make the credit subject to tax. The effect of the change is a reduction of operating income and an increase in our non-GAAP tax rate. The effect on our results for the fourth quarter of 2015 was different than it will be in future periods because the legislation provided a one-time retroactive benefit associated with the treatment of R&D tax credits claimed between 2012 and 14. This one-time benefit contributed a net 230 basis points to the DSA operating margin in the fourth quarter. But because the credits are now subject to tax, it also resulted in a 280 basis point increase to our fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate, which explains the higher rate of 32.9%. In 2016, the tax law change will reduce our operating income by approximately $1 million and increase our non-GAAP tax rate by approximately 30 basis points. We expect the net effect on non-GAAP earnings per share in 2016 will be a headwind of approximately $0.05. The 2016 non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the range of 27.5% to 28.5%, excluding WIL, which is slightly lower than the 2015 rate of 29%. The decrease in the rate is due primarily to the effect of the one-time provision of the Quebec tax legislation on the 2015 full year non-GAAP tax rate. The inclusion of WIL is expected to increase our combined non-GAAP tax rate by an incremental 50 basis points because at approximately 35%, WILs tax rate is higher than ours due to its geographic earnings mix. Finally and as you would expect, we continue to evaluate initiatives to mitigate upward pressure on our tax rate. Due to the planned acquisition of WIL Research and our goal to quickly repay debt, cash flow generation has become an ever greater focus for us. We ended 2015 by generating free cash flow of $225 million for the year, surpassing our prior outlook of $205 million to $210 million and a significant increase over the $195.2 million in 2014. The better than expected performance was due primarily to a significant improvement in DSOs during the fourth quarter from 56 days at the end of the third quarter to 51 days at year end. We have undertaken an initiative to enhance our cash generation primarily through improvements to working capital management. This is one example of how the investments that we are making that I mentioned earlier will lead to more efficient processes. In 2016, we expect these efforts, coupled with our continuous strong operating performance to result in free cash flow in the range of $235 million to $245 million, excluding WIL. Capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $70 million in 2016 before accounting for the capital requirements of WIL, which is relatively consistent with the 2015 level of $63.3 million. Our capital investments in 2016 will be focused on continuing to increase capacity in our Safety Assessment business, including Charles River Massachusetts. We also plan to expand our RMS business in China, which continues to be an emerging high growth market. We are investing in our Microbial Solutions business to improve our manufacturing efficiency and implementing additional projects to enhance the automation and efficiency of other businesses through IT investments. We intend to update our free cash flow and CapEx guidance after the acquisition is completed. As we noted when we announced the planned acquisition of WIL, we intend to modify our capital priorities in 2016. We intend to focus on debt repayment with a goal to drive our pro forma leverage ratio below 3x within 18 months of the acquisitions closed. As a result, we expect to limit our stock repurchase activity in 2016 and be less active in M&A. We will also be keenly focused on integrating all of our current acquisitions and managing our existing businesses. We ended the year with approximately 47.8 billion diluted shares outstanding. We did not repurchase any shares in the fourth quarter, but we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares for $108.8 million in 2015. We had $69.7 million available on our current stock repurchase authorization at year end. Because we do not anticipate any meaningful stock repurchase in 2016, we expect our average diluted share count to increase due to dilution from option exercises and equity awards. We expect our average diluted share count in the first quarter to be similar to the 47.8 million at the end of 2015, increasing to an average between 48 million to 48.5 million for the full year 2016. In the first quarter of 2016, we expect a modest sequential revenue increase from the fourth quarter level due primarily to higher sales of research models after a seasonally soft fourth quarter. The consolidated operating margin is expected to decline sequentially due to both a lower DSA margin and higher corporate cost. The DSA margin will face two headwinds. The first is seasonal trends with fewer steady starts during the holidays and in January as clients budgets are prioritized for the year and the second is the Quebec tax law change, which is expected to negatively impact the sequential DSA margin comparison by approximately 250 basis points. Unallocated corporate costs are also expected to increase significantly partly as a result of the factors that I discussed earlier and partly because of seasonally higher corporate costs in the first quarter due to health and fringe-related costs. The combination of these factors is expected to result in the first quarter non-GAAP EPS approximately 10% below the fourth quarter, but a significant improvement from $0.79 in the first quarter of 2015. The quarterly dating in 2016 is expected to be similar to prior years when the first quarter starts slowly and results improve in subsequent quarters. Overall, our first quarter 2016 outlook represents double-digit year-over-year revenue and non-GAAP EPS growth as well as substantial operating margin expansion. To conclude, 2015 was a very strong year in which we achieved constant currency revenue growth of 10.4% and normalized EPS growth of 14% over 2014 and generated free cash flow of $225 million or $4.72 per share. Notwithstanding the headwinds that I have described, we expect to continue on our journey of revenue and earnings per share improvement in 2016. Just to remind you, even without WIL, our guidance suggests EPS growth of 8% to 11% over 2015. We believe our ongoing focus on enhancing our relationships with our clients, integrating acquisitions, driving global efficiency and investing in initiatives to support future growth was the basis for our financial performance in 2015 and will continue to enable us to achieve our financial targets in 2016 and beyond. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will go to Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Hey, just one quick question. How long before do you  how long do you think it will take to get the WIL operating margin up to the Charles River corporate average?
Jim Foster: I think the last time, good morning, Derik  last time we talked about that, we said it would take a couple of years to get it. The goal is to get it to 20. Thats been our goal. Of course, you know that we have surpassed 20 for the rest of the business. So, we are quite confident we have the operating chops and efficiency initiatives and understanding of best practices to be able to employ those benefits to the WIL organization as we bring them closer to Charles River. So, couple of years to get to about 20%.
Derik de Bruin: So does that mean its going to be dilutive into 2017 as well?
Jim Foster: Slightly.
Derik de Bruin: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: Good morning. Id appreciate all of the color. Obviously, you talked a lot about strengthen sort of the biotech pipeline. I think you have given us incremental color on sort of the portion of the book where you have sort of longer term duration contracts and then you talk to those that have sort of already raised a ton of capital. I mean, as you start to continue to look at your assumptions for at least the first half of the year, what are you monitoring to sort of get a sense there if there is going to be any behavioral changes so thats on the downside risk perspective? And then on the upside, do you feel like share gain in the market given sort of the differentiated strategy is also sort of helping to offset that?
David Smith: Look, we obviously spent a lot of time thinking about this, interfacing with our clients and just had a board conversation yesterday about this exact topic. So, its an appropriate and relevant one. I can just tell you this that our sales to these clients increased double-digits in the fourth quarter. They were up substantially for the year. Amount of capital accessed by these biotech companies from the capital markets was the largest in history. We have informal and formal relationships with venture capitalists who are continuing to raise large funds and fund small startup biotech companies de novo. Most of these are virtual companies. There is a whole host of biotech companies that are operating businesses that have drugs in the marketplace and have sales and profits and sit on their own bottom. And I guess, the most fundamentally important comment that we see as a company that really supports literally every pharma company and almost every biotech company throughout the world in some fashion is that pharma depends increasingly more on biotech to be the discovery engines yet we had a chart I think we showed when we announced the WIL deal that about 42% of drugs are now in licensed and thats been increasing every year. So, biotech is not only here to stay, but its critical to the health of all of us and we believe that pharma will continue to fund them aggressively. We think that they have several years of cash still available and recent sort of pressure on stock prices doesnt really seem to be relevant at all. And then of course as I guess the balance to that sales to global accounts, which is our euphemism for the big pharma companies increased nicely. We continued to expand strategic deals and have conversations about new ones. We also have intensified focus on accessing large academic medical centers who of course, our discovery engines in their own right and are looking for places to develop it. So we actually think of the client demand quotient is as strong as we have ever seen it. We think the innovation in immunotherapies particularly in immunooncology are really primary drivers of a lot of this growth in development. And we are living the fact that we are continuing to play an increasingly more important role for all of these clients, both large and small and both discovering but certainly developing these drugs and getting into market. So, we feel really good about the marketplace as we move into 16.
David Smith: And as you can imagine, we have an awful lot of touch points with clients, not just through the sales side, but through the scientific side and no matter which management team we talk to, all the conversations that we are hearing with clients, they are all positive. So the feedback we are getting is from clients.
Ross Muken: And maybe just to sort of build on that quickly, I mean obviously, you havent close the transaction yet, but I am certain you have heard feedback from the customer base, obviously they had a lot of respect for the scientific knowledge, etcetera, what are some of the things that maybe you hadnt thought of at least maybe prior the acquisition, maybe there arent, but the comments that you heard back that were sort of surprisingly supportive or concepts that you sort of hadnt thought about that were potential relative to the transaction?
Jim Foster: We have to really  we have worked hard to answer this question, but we have to be a little bit careful because the deal hasnt closed as you know. And we have  we are not engaging with WILs clients because they are not our clients at the current time. We have an understanding of who they are. We have some kind of euphemistic understanding of their initial reactions to the deal. To smaller client base, there has been some overlap, but there is surprisingly less overlap than we thought, which is quite positive. Look, I think the best way to respond to that is our attraction to this company was entirely based on its scientific reputation. And I think thats why their clients gravitate towards them, because they do great science and they are responsive and they had a long lineage in history in being that way as we do. I think there are a lot of similarities in the companys culture, both internally, our ability to attract and retain great scientists and do great work for our clients. So obviously, we feel very good about the combination. We feel very good about the expansion of geographic reach and additional services and its an organization that we have respected for an awfully long time. And all I can say to try to answer that question is we will do everything we can to continue to respect their client base and to service them in a way that they have grown, accustomed to being of serviced.
Ross Muken: Great. Thanks Jim.
Operator: And we will go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. My question  I was just hoping you might be able to dig a little bit more into the discovery business and sort of the legacy Argenta, I know there is some significant cancellations earlier in the year that has caused the sort of the year-over-year growth to not be as good, but can you just dig in, maybe talk about what you are seeing beyond that cancellation, how is the sequential growth then, how do you feel about the strategic opportunity to really grab additional share within Discovery Services?
Jim Foster: So we feel very good about the discovery business. We feel very good about the portfolio that we have assembled. We feel very good about our competitive stance, its a really fragmented industry. We feel very good about the connectivity between discovery and other things that we do, particularly when we engage with large clients that we have strategic deals with the ones that we are starting to dialogue for strategic deals. We love our therapeutic area reach. We also like that we are  we have an in vivo and in vitro capability. As I have said in my prepared remarks, I would say the discovery business was somewhat disappointing during the year that was largely because of this large piece of business that you have commented and it rolled off of Argenta and BioFocus was kind of early  late in 14, but affected 15. The more we get to know the business, the more we incorporate its selling a sales organization, which is a highly tactical one in understanding that business. We just finished a large international sales organization sales meeting, which I attended. And it was a large cadre of sales people there from this organization. So I think we have a better understanding of the business itself on the competitive scenario and how to sell it better to our clients. We are seeing strengthening demand and we have enhanced strategies for partnering with our clients thats increasingly more flexible and thoughtful and creative, I would say. So we are  and the other thing I would say about all of our businesses, but discovery for sure and Argenta and BioFocus perhaps, in particular. So we are going to work really hard to drive efficiency gains through those businesses as well. So we are going to be looking at top line and bottom line accretion. So, we think that the comparisons with 15 should be quite positive, our engagements with clients has been quite robust and we have a unique product and  I am sorry unique service offering, which is resonating with many, many clients.
John Kreger: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We will go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Charles River Massachusetts, Jim you had mentioned in your prepared remarks confidence about it meeting its goals for this year, I was hoping you can kind of flesh out a few things. One, I think strategy was to move some work or direct some selling of work that would have normally gone to other facilities in the network and started at Massachusetts, could you help us to understand kind of how is it hitting the ground running, how much work is going into Massachusetts early on, what is that due to free up utilization or capacity in the rest of the network. And then to the extent that you can share, if it meets goals this year, what does that mean, does that mean getting to half fold, does that mean getting higher than that  how do you  how might you define those goals for us for 2016? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes. Dave, we had a  we developed and are executing a very tight plan for this facility. We are planning for this over a year, I would say. So the facility is in great operating order. Work has moved from Wilmington facility into that facility straightaway work and staff as anticipated. Work is beginning to come in from other sites as well, as you say. Its not going to free-up a huge amount of space. But it will free-up space at some of our important tox facilities that can be used for high-value studies without having to build new space there. We are really pleased with our ability to attract senior scientists and the management team for that facility is really quite exceptional, a lot of experienced, some internal people and some external people who have been at CRO  the CROs in large pharmaceutical companies. So we feel good about that as well. We have been interfacing very much with the local Boston and Cambridge Biotech Community and I would say the response has been as good or better than we anticipated. We also have keen interest from lots of East Coast biotech, but also large pharma companies about utilizing this facility for multiplicity of things. So I think we had a reasonable plan in that acknowledging that its not trivial to open that facility to size even though we are only opening a portion of it and getting it ready. Its a much better time to open it in the first time just in terms of the development and maturity of biotech and the clients receptivity. We would hope that  we are doing a host of things, but as you recall from earlier dialogues with us, it opens  its open with non-GLP capability and ability to do in vivo pharmacology work. And we are working hard to get it ready to do GLP tox, which will help to be able to do that work in the latter half of this year, which will give us a nice running start for 17 to continue to sort of upgrade is a bad way to say, to continue to kind of enhance the value proposition there if we are doing more Safety Assessment, which we think will naturally happen. So, its still early, but our indications are that its sort of getting off the ground as we had anticipated. I would say the client reaction is probably a little bit better than we had anticipated. We are being very careful not to oversell it. We have lots of audits through the facility and lots of visits by clients and lots of requests for specific types of work, some we actually are doing right away and some we are planning to do. So, we are very pleased to have it opened again and very pleased with the potential contribution to the overall business. As you will recall that we opened half of the space that we originally finished, so I suppose thats the opportunity for next year for really  if we are really cranking, we can then open the rest of the  part of it is finished. You will also recall that there is a substantial part of the site that was never totally finished. So, we also have that as well if demand continues to intensify.
Dave Windley: Okay, great. Thanks. I will ask that.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Evans: Thanks so much. If I look at your 2016 guidance, the real delta relative to our expectation is the corporate overhead spending and I am hoping maybe just to get a little bit of longer term context on this. In the last 5 years or so, speaking in very rough numbers, we have seen that line double in size against a revenue base thats only gone up maybe 50%. And I am wondering  I know you are in an investment phase here, but at what point do we reach a level of stability in which that line doesnt grow  doesnt grow faster than revenue or maybe even  can come down as a percentage of revenue?
Jim Foster: So thats a good question and one we have been exploring. Let me maybe give you a bit of an insight as what we are doing with some of the corporate investments. That may help you understand what we are trying to achieve. So, just to give you an example of within the finance department, we are trying to move towards a sort of a shared service, internal shared service sort of structure, but we have a shared service in the U.S. and a shared service in Europe. And the benefit of that is it will allow us to strategically plug and play M&A, particularly from 2017 onwards in a better way than we can do at the moment. We get some sort of halo effects with that in respect to better control environments and so on. But actually, if you look at the return on that investment in the finance department, you actually see that the rates of financial growth will decline. It will still grow, but it will grow at a shallower rate than we have historically done, because we are creating a modern structure to be able to plug and play. So, we are doing similar changes in IT and we have got some other activities in HR and so on and so forth. So, I would expect to see a better gain, maybe 2018 onwards if that helps you.
Tim Evans: It does. Thank you.
Operator: We will go to the line of Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan: Hey, thanks guys for taking the question and congrats on a strong finish to the year. So, I wanted to ask about just the expectations for revenue growth, particularly DSA on an organic constant dollar basis in 2016. And obviously, there is  I cannot think of four pillars, increased wallet share, obviously, contribution from small to mid-biopharma market share gains and then I guess more dollars being thrown at early stage compounds. And Jim, as you think about the guidance for 2016, which of those pillars seem to kind of be I guess disproportionate to the others or are they all kind of equal weighting as you think about 2016? Its kind of in the same spirit of Ross questions  earlier question, but just maybe a bit more specific about those kind of four pillars?
Jim Foster: So, to tease out organic growth from DSA a little bit, we would expect the demand to continue to be quite strong. So, if you just want to look at Safety Assessments, we have been growing that business at double-digit rates now for multiple quarters with escalating operating margins and a book of business from large pharma and biotech, we reported often that we actually have more revenue from mid-tier than pharma which makes sense, because there is a proliferation of those companies that do all their work externally and pharma and the capital markets specially pays for it. We think we will continue to have very nice growth rate, probably in both segments in safety. Maybe continue to be slightly higher in the smaller and mid-tier companies. It really depends on our ability to  we are always working on these larger strategic deals. They are often with larger companies. When those break, they can be very, very significant, but kind of short of something that dramatic, which we hope would happen. I think we will see both probably the preponderance of the strength coming from the smaller mid-tier biotech. Discovery, obviously, had a  although we didnt give the exact number, obviously, had a slower growth rate in 15. We have explained the principle reason, which was rolling off of a large contract from Argenta and BioFocus. Very optimistic about Discovery this year, we just did an acquisition there, so our oncology franchise is among the strongest in the world with multiple technologies and multiple geographies and we will do lots of work. So, if you were to see our client base, its really big pharma and its multiple sizes of biotech we would expect the CNS franchise and the IN channel franchises to be strong as well. And we are really quite helpful based upon sort of demand through the back-end of 15 and the client dialogue that we are going to see an intensified growth rate from Argenta and BioFocus. So, I would expect to see organic double-digit growth from both parts of that business even though well, we sometimes nuance it that way, but as a whole, double-digit with DSA collectively. Its a very strong segment for us. We hope increasingly the clients will buy across that portfolio and/or will do work for them in the Discovery piece and then we will pull work into Safety Assessment even if they dont literally contract through that whole process. And I guess I would remind you and others that are listening that the portfolio continues to become stronger and more unique and that provides enhanced opportunities for sell in to both clients large and small across the much larger continuum and thats increasingly what we are up to here. There is more comprehensive holistic solution for our clients with a great value proposition for them and for us. Does that help?
Greg Bolan: Very helpful. Thanks, Jim. I appreciate it.
Jim Foster: Sure.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Jim, wondering if you can comment on pricing, I know you talked about 2% to 3% presumably all RMS, but can you maybe just talk a little bit where you are thinking more opportunistically about pushing the pricing increases?
Jim Foster: Well, sure, the 2% to 3% for RMS is kind of a worldwide number. Different geographies will have different price increases. Thats kind of the net result that we anticipate given larger contracts and clients that are price protected, etcetera, etcetera. We anticipate getting a similar increase in safety that we had in 15, which is around 5%. We have price increases in some of our smaller businesses that we rarely kind of breakout, but we think all in we are sort of netting about 2% in 16.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then can you comment a little more on tax rate, just how you are thinking about the opportunity to bring that down around WIL?
David Smith: Around WIL, so we are in the middle of working with external advisors on how we can restructure the legal entities to better fit into Charles River so that we can manage actually cash management as well as other factors. Its still a little too early to say exactly how that will fall out. So I dont think there is much more I can say in how we are restructuring the teams to help. But rest assured we are still looking for it.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ashley Ponce: Hi, everyone. Good morning. This is Ashley Ponce on for Ricky. I just had a quick question about organic EPS growth it looks like you are getting a 3% revenue contribution from acquisitions already closed, is that fair and does that drop to the bottom line as well or is it slightly less?
David Smith: It is fair to say that about 3% is coming from acquisitions that we have currently purchased, so yes and a portion of that will flow through the bottom line, of course.
Ashley Ponce: Have you broken out what portion of  how much EPS growth you are estimating is organic?
David Smith: No.
Ashley Ponce: No. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones: Thanks for the question. I guess just looking at revenue from strategic relationships, obviously a nice gain there, now representing over 30% of total revenue, I think for 2015, can you maybe just talk a little bit about what type of work is driving the growth from your strategic partners. And then I guess just a follow-up to that would be what are you considering in the 2016 outlook for growth from strategic partners, the reason I ask is I know on the other side, on the clinical side, it seems like its relationships can obviously drive meaningful healthy growth, but they hit the run rate at some point, which can in fact cause growth to be a little bit more challenged over time, so just curious kind of whats driving the growth today and then what are you guys factoring in as you think about 16?
Jim Foster: I think our strategic relationships as we described really different than the clinical CROs, so I would be careful to draw that analogy. And we define them quite liberally only because we deem  we got strategic relationship with the clients who treats us that way, treats us like a strategic partner, we deal in science, we get them value proposition out of the way and we are really collaborative. And often those have no contractual relationships associated with them and the timeframe can be for 1 year or a quarter. And then we have some issue now because we have talked about them in a longer term, 5 years, 3 years, 1 year. So they are always evolving. We have several conversations going on right now with large clients, principally who dont typically  some of them dont on big outsources and some are really early on the outsourcing curve. And so as we think about that going forward, we have some level of confidence that we will expand some of the ones that we have and we will ink some new ones. They started in a multiplicity of ways. Its hard to boil it down to one thing. I would say most often they start with a conversation about Safety Assessment, big drug companies thinking about doing less internally or reducing infrastructure and/or increasingly we have conversations that start with Discovery and then they move into Safety Assessment or vice versa. Once we have start a dialogue with a large client, lets say about Safety Assessment, the ability to have an arrangement we call them enterprise agreements that cuts across literally everything we do and provides incentive with them to do more work with us rather than less, its something that larger companies take advantage of. So again, as I said earlier, the diversity and the strength of our portfolio is really powerful from a competitive point of view for sure, but also in providing solutions for clients we are trying to figure out what to do with their own infrastructure. And so as we build our operating plan, its less about sort of going strategic deal by strategic deal, although we do go from client to client, we just think more about what we are currently doing for and what the current dialogue is and where we think it could go. We do build that up client-by-client. So I would not expect at all the kind of volatility that I think you are potentially hinting at, but you see with the clinical focus just totally different. And to the contrary, I think that we have opportunities to continue to expand these relationships with clients and we see that as we launch a new service, we buy this oncology company, we buy this chemistry company, we buy this channel company, just expands the dialogue with clients with whom we already have or it provides an opening to have a dialogue with a client that we havent before because it really hard on channels, for instance and really want to engage with us on that that leads to something else. So its a fascinating process and one that we are developing constantly and consistently and it keeps changes as our portfolio expands.
David Smith: And the expansion that was called out of the 30% is actually with more client relations being added to the pool. We dont have any clients have the revenue of over 5%. So its not as if its anchored in a small handful of strategic relationships that could get to a point of saturation. The ability to bring more clients into that sort of strategic dynamic is critical for us.
Robert Jones: Yes, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I will turn it back to the speakers for closing comments.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your first speaker, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2015 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our third quarter results and update guidance for 2015. Following the presentation, Jim, David and Tom Ackerman, Senior Financial Advisor, will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 370865. The replay will be available through November 18. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 17, 2015, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. Jim, please go ahead.
James C. Foster: Good morning. . I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our outstanding third quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported revenue of $349.5 million in the third quarter of 2015, a 12.2% increase over the previous year in constant dollars and a 2.9% sequential increase following a strong second quarter. The acquisitions of ChanTest, Sunrise and Celsis contributed 3.3% to year-over-year revenue growth. However, Safety Assessment was the primary driver of the robust third quarter results, outperforming our high expectations. In addition, many of our businesses reported higher constant currency revenue than in the third quarter of last year. We were particularly pleased that sales of research models increased in every geographic region except Japan, where pharma industry consolidation has continued to impact sales. The operating margin improved by 270 basis points year-over-year to 20.5% exceeding our second quarter record as the highest operating margin we've achieved since 2008. While all three business segments reported increased operating margins driven by either higher revenue or improved operating efficiency or both, the most significant increase was in the DSA segment, which gained 590 basis points year-over-year including a 270 basis point benefit from Canadian foreign exchange. Primarily due to higher revenue and operating margins, earnings per share increased almost 20% in the third quarter to $1.03 from $0.86 in the third quarter of last year. Third quarter EPS included a $0.04 gain from limited partnership investments; but even excluding the gain, EPS achieved its highest level in our history as a public company. We were extremely pleased with the third quarter results, which enabled us to raise both our revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year. We now expect revenue growth to be in the range from 9.5% to 10% in constant currency and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range from $3.69 to $3.74. We believe that Charles River is a stronger company today than it has ever been. We have invested tremendous effort over time to build scalable platforms, both operationally and financially, to enhance our relationship with clients and work with them to devise outsourcing solutions  which enable them to increase productivity and efficiency  to create a culture of continuous improvement in which our employees are open to working in new ways which improve our efficiency and provide value to clients and to maintain and enhance our scientific leadership. We have maintained our focus on early-stage drug research strategically expanding our portfolio to provide clients with the critical capabilities they require to discover and develop new drugs. We have differentiated ourselves from the competition and clients appreciate the value we bring to their research efforts and the emphasis we place on individualized service. We are continuing with our outreach to heads of R&D and other decision-makers at the leading biopharmaceutical companies as well as many of the larger biotech companies to ensure that they recognize our expanded product and service capabilities. All of these initiatives have positioned us exceptionally well to compete for business now when global biopharma companies are making the decision to outsource. Biotech companies are investing in new funding in their pipelines and academic institutions are working with biopharma companies to discover new drugs. Our third quarter and year-to-date results demonstrate the effectiveness of our marketing positioning. We have been gaining market share primarily due to the value of our portfolio and our scientific expertise but also due to the fact that our competitors are in flux. With some in the process of changing hands, we have a unique opportunity to gain market share and we intend to capitalize on the opportunity. I'd like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $118.5 million, an increase of 2% in constant currency. We had discussed our expectation for a better second half of the year, which was based primarily on the anniversary of the NCI contract cancellation and the reduction of a significant GEMS colony by one client. In addition we expected to see the decline of research model sales flatten in Europe and Japan. As anticipated, the Services businesses improved in the third quarter, resulting in revenue just slightly higher than in the third quarter of last year, primarily as a result of sales to NCI researchers, research model revenue improved in North America and we were very pleased to see a revenue increase in Europe as well. Sales in Japan continued to decline; but when looking at Asia in total, higher revenue in China more than offset the decline in Japan. China continues to present a significant opportunity for us as the government and private industry both fund drug research; therefore, we are expanding our footprint in China to increase our research model production and provide associated services. We are watching the market closely and tend to invest in broader capabilities as market demand requires. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 210 basis points to 27.5%. The increase in sales, the consolidation of our facilities in Japan and other efficiency initiatives in both Products and Services businesses generated a benefit in the third quarter. We continue to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations, and we maintain our belief that an annual RMS operating margin in the high 20% range is achievable and sustainable. The Manufacturing Support segment reported revenue of $72.7 million compared with $62.7 million last year, which represented a growth rate of 23.7% in constant currency. The acquisitions of Celsis and Sunrise contributed 11.8%. Organic revenue was also robust with both EMD and Biologics businesses delivering double-digit growth. The Biologics business performed very well in the third quarter, delivering strong revenue growth and an improved operating margin. We have invested and will continue to invest in expanding our Biologics portfolio through the development of new assays and additional capabilities in order to provide a broader testing solution four our clients. The investment is particularly important now when the number of biologic drugs in development is increasing, as is demand for testing of biosimilars. Our goal is to be well positioned to win market share in this expanding opportunity, and we are pleased with the progress we have made to date. The legacy EMD business again reported growth above 10% as the PTS franchise continued to deliver strong sales. Our strategy to expand the capabilities of the PTS, including the MCS and Nexus, has enabled EMD to increase revenue over time. We believe that the next gen PTS, which was recently launched at the PDA Micro Conference in October, will continue to support EMD's growth. Clients have expressed strong interest in the next gen PTS. We have already provided quotes for more than 100 systems and began shipping the first systems last week. Integration of the Celsis acquisition has proceeded well to date. As planned, the 90-day critical tasks we have completed, including centralization of operations and initial sales training, and we have moved on to the longer-term tasks. For the acquisition of Celsis in July, we positioned our EMD business as the only provider that can offer a unique, comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing of both sterile and nonsterile biopharmaceutical and consumer products. Our portfolio includes rapid testing for both endotoxin and bioburden, and through our Accugenix libraries also provides microbial identification and strain typing. The extension of our portfolio also expanded our addressable market opportunity to approximately $2 billion, almost twice the current level. In recognition of the larger market opportunity and because we wanted the business name to reflect our broad capabilities, we have just rebranded the EMD business. Announced on November 1, EMD is now Microbial Solutions. We believe that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a key driver of our goal for the Microbial Solutions business to continue to deliver low double-digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. The Manufacturing segment's operating margin improved by 40 basis points year-over-year to 33.4%, in line with our target in the low 30% range, leveraged from higher sales with significant and efficiency initiatives undertaken in each of the segments businesses also contributed to margin increase. DSA revenue was $158.3 million in the third quarter, a 16.2% increase in constant currency, including 2.5% from the ChanTest acquisition. The In Vivo Discovery business reported revenue growth over the prior year, driven primarily by oncology services. Our Early Discovery oncology franchise is benefiting from investment in oncology research and also from market share gains. The Early Discovery business continued to be affected by the early termination of large contracts for integrated chemistry programs at the end of last year but partially offset the loss with new business. Our acquisitions of Argenta, BioFocus and ChanTest have positioned Charles River as a premier provider of early discovery services, and these new capabilities are resonating with clients. As we anticipated in our acquisition plans, the strategies we are utilizing to increase client awareness of our broader portfolio are resulting in greater exposure for our Early Discovery businesses than they were able to gain as independent entities. We are continuing to hold discussions with numerous biopharma clients and potential clients about playing a larger role in the discovery research efforts and are optimistic that many of these companies will choose to outsource to us. As we've noted previously, we believe that outsourcing of Discovery Services is in the early stages. We intend to play a leading role in this emerging opportunity, which we believe will be significant. We were exceptionally pleased to see the Safety Assessment business report another quarter of double-digit revenue growth over the third quarter of last year and a 3.7% sequential increase. All of our facilities reported double-digit year-over-year revenue growth resulting from improved client demand, a 5% increase in pricing and market share gains. We are clearly taking market share across our client segments. Whether a client is a large biopharma wanting to reduce or eliminate internal capacity or a small biotech with its fortunes tied to a single molecule, neither wants to compromise on scientific expertise. We believe that when those decisions are made, Charles River is the logical choice. Sales to biotech clients increased in double digits and were the primary driver of the revenue increase. I'd like to comment on the importance of biotech companies to Charles River. We've consistently worked with small and emerging biotechs for many years and some of those initially small companies are now among our larger clients. As a whole, biotech companies have been the most consistent driver of our recent growth as they invested funding received from both the capital markets and from global biopharma, which is increasingly relying on biotech for drug discovery. Our uniquely focused portfolio and target sales strategies have enabled us to successfully penetrate the biotech market. As a result, for the last two years biotech companies have represented a larger percentage of our revenue than global biopharma, and we expect that trend to continue. According to BioWorld, capital markets funding for biotech, which was already robust, strengthened in 2015. Biotech companies have discovered some of the most impactful drugs on the market; and based on recent breakthroughs, it appears that they have identified promising new therapies for cancer, Alzheimer's and other complex diseases. Given the significant amounts of funding raised by biotech companies over the last few years, we believe that even if the capital markets cool, the funds already in hand will support their growth for at least the next fiscal year and most probably beyond. Furthermore, we would not expect funding from global biopharma to stop since many of these companies are outsourcing the discovery of new molecules to biotech. Therefore, we expect that spending by biotech companies will continue to contribute to our revenue growth. As revenue has increased, our sustained focus on improving efficiency and productivity of the DSA business has led to significant operating margin expansion. The segment margin increased 590 basis points in the third quarter to 24.2% from 18.3% last year and 260 basis points sequentially. The benefit of foreign exchange in Canada contributed 270 basis points to the year-over-year improvement; but even excluding that benefit, the year-over-year improvement was significant. Now operating at near optimal capacity, we are opening additional study rooms in the fourth quarter in Ohio as planned and looking forward to the first quarter of next year when we expect to reopen Charles River Massachusetts. Situated less than an hour from the Boston Cambridge biohub, perhaps the most significant concentration of medical research in the world, we believe that the Massachusetts facility is strategically located to support the demand for outsourced services and to accommodate hands-on research organizations which want to be closely involved with a CRO partner. As noted previously, we expect to open 40 study rooms, which is approximately half of the finished capacity, at Charles River Massachusetts. We are diligently marketing the facility and have already received considerable indications of interest from large biopharma and emerging biotech companies as well as academic research institutions. It is our goal to bring the facility online without impacting the 2016 DSA margin. We believe it's particularly important that we continue to add capacity now when there is significant opportunity to gain market share. We have positioned Charles River as the premier early-stage contract research organization with a unique portfolio and the scientific expertise to partner with all types of clients; Global biopharma clients, which are making a more significant commitment to outsourcing as they strive to improve operating efficiency and increase pipeline productivity; biotech companies, which have always preferred outsourcing to building infrastructure; and academic institutions which are partnering with biopharma to monetize innovation and require partners to provide expertise in drug discovery and development. The outsourcing landscape has changed significantly over the last few years and now offers us many opportunities to work collaboratively with our clients. This is the reason that we continue to invest in portfolio expansion, scientific expertise, efficiencies initiatives and our people. These investments are the basis of our ability to provide a compelling value proposition to our clients. We intend to continue to identify and acquire businesses and technologies, primarily upstream, but also for other growth areas of our business. Such additions will enhance the role we play in supporting our clients' early-stage drug research processes by providing critical capabilities and expertise which they do not have in-house or which enable them to eliminate the internal investment. We believe that continued successful execution of our strategies will enable us to maintain and enhance our position as the leading pure-play early stage CRO and allow Charles River to provide value to clients, employees and shareholders for the long term. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. At this time, it's my pleasure to introduce David Smith, our new Chief Financial Officer, to give you additional details on the third quarter results.
David R. Smith: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. I'll begin my comments by focusing on our third quarter outperformance and factors that impacted the third quarter results. Before doing so, may I remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. Third quarter results significantly outperformed our prior expectations due primarily to higher operating income and limited partnership investment gains, which were only partially offset by higher tax rate. When excluding both acquisitions and foreign exchange, we achieved organic revenue growth of nearly 9%, which is the highest level since the second quarter of 2008. Double-digit organic revenue growth for our Safety Assessment, Microbial Solutions and Biologic businesses drove the increase. This robust growth combined with operating margin expansion of 270 basis points resulted in approximately $0.08 of the third quarter EPS outperformance compared to our prior outlook. Limited partnership investments contributed $0.04 to EPS growth in the quarter which was higher than we had previously forecast. These benefits were partially offset by a higher tax rate, due primarily to a $0.02 tax effect related to a planned restructuring with the intention to repay debt. In total, these factors led to record non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.03, which was significantly above our previous outlook to the low to mid $0.90 range. Foreign exchange rates remained relatively stable in the third quarter confirming our expectation of a 5% revenue headwind for the year. The Canadian dollar had the most notable movement during the quarter and it continued to weaken versus U.S. dollar. As I believe you know, the weakening Canadian dollar actually provides a benefit to operating income and as a result foreign exchange contributed 270 basis points to the DSA operating margin in the third quarter. That contribution reduces the negative impact of foreign exchange on earnings per share, which is now expected to be only $0.07 in 2015 compared to our July outlook of $0.10. Foreign exchange was a $0.01 headwind in the third quarter. I have one additional comment to make regarding foreign exchange. In the first half of the year, we noted that the operating margin for our Manufacturing segment was negatively impacted by 80 basis points due to foreign exchange, the reason being the Microbial Solution products were manufactured in the U.S. and were sold internationally. With the acquisition of Celsis, which manufactures products in Europe, we have reduced the portion of the FX exposure of the Manufacturing operating margin by effectively creating a more natural hedge. Foreign exchange reduced the Manufacturing operating margin by 25 basis points in the third quarter. Unallocated corporate costs increased $3.7 million year-over-year to $23.6 million in the third quarter, due primarily to higher compensation expense. These costs were also $1.3 million higher on a sequential basis. We'll be continuing to expect unallocated corporate costs will be approximately 7% of the revenue for the year. Net interest expense was $3.7 million in the third quarter, representing an increase of $1.1 million year-over-year and $0.4 million sequentially. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to the incremental interest expense associated with the Celsis acquisition and higher capital lease expense related to a facility buyout, while the sequential increase was driven only by the Celsis acquisition. Net interest expense is expected to increase slightly in the fourth quarter due to the inclusion of a full quarter of interest expense related to the Celsis acquisition, resulting in a full year total of approximately $14 million. The non-GAAP tax rate increased approximately 200 basis points in the third quarter to 29% from the prior year rate of 27.1% and by a similar amount sequentially. As I mentioned, the increase was primarily driven by the tax impact of a planned restructuring as well as the geographic mix of earnings. We expect the fourth quarter tax rate to also be elevated because of R&D tax credit legislation enacted last month in Quebec. As a result, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate for the year to be in the range of 28% to 29%, which is above our previous outlook of 27% to 28%. I'll now provide an update on our cash flow and capital priorities. Free cash flow improved to $77.8 million in the third quarter compared to $57.4 million last year. The increase was primarily driven by the strong third quarter operating performance as well as a year-over-year improvement in working capital. Capital expenditures were $10.5 million in the third quarter bringing the year-to-date position to $35 million. This is trending slightly below our original expectation for the year leading us to revise our 2015 CapEx forecast to approximately $65 million from up to $70 million. Based on two consecutive quarters of strong free cash flow generation and our revised CapEx forecast, we now expect free cash flow to be between $205 million and $210 million in 2015, which is above our previous range of $195 million to $205 million. Our capital priorities are unchanged from the Investor Day update we provided in August. Our top priority remains strategic acquisitions to further enhance our unique portfolio and drive profitable growth. We continue to evaluate a number of M&A opportunities while remaining focused on integrating our recent acquisitions. We also continue to deploy capital towards stock repurchases and debt repayment. In the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 242,000 shares of our common stock for $17.9 million and have $69.7 million available on the current authorization at the end of the third quarter. Going forward, our goal for stock repurchases remains to offset dilution from stock option and equity awards, which should result in a diluted share count of flat to slightly higher than that 47.2 million in the third quarter. Due to the Celsis acquisition, our total debt balance increased by $82 million during the third quarter to $825 million. Our goal is to continue to repay debt slightly ahead of scheduled installments and remain comfortable with our current pro forma leverage ratio. As Jim mentioned, we raised our revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2015. This revised outlook effectively suggests fourth quarter reported revenue growth of 5% to 7% year-over-year, or 8% to 10% on a constant currency basis, and non-GAAP EPS growth of 14% to 20% over the prior year. These robust growth rates represent a continuation of strong underlying trends that we have experienced for the last two quarters. We expect fourth quarter reported revenue to be similar to the third quarter level as a full quarter of Celsis will be offset by normal seasonal trends, particularly in the RMS segment. You may recall that RMS sales volume is typically lighter during vacation and holiday periods. Primarily because of the volume sensitivity of the models business, seasonality has historically caused the RMS segment's operating margin to dip below 25% in the fourth quarter and we expect this will occur in 2015. Fourth quarter DSA revenue is expected to be similar to the third quarter level but the growth rate is expected to moderate because we anniversarised the ChanTest acquisition in October. The Safety Assessment business also faces a difficult prior year comparison because the fourth quarter was the strongest quarter in 2014. We expect fourth quarter EPS to be below the third quarter level due to the normal seasonal impact and also because we are not forecasting limited partnership investment gains in the fourth quarter. This creates a headwind compared to the $0.04 investment gain in the third quarter of 2015 but we believe this is prudent because we have exceeded our original forecast for these investment gains. To conclude, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance and our growth expectations for the fourth quarter. Normalizing for both FX and the investment gains in 2014 and 2015, we remain well positioned to generate strong EPS growth in 2015 of approximately 12% at the midpoint of our guidance range. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: This concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David H. Windley: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to start the conversation on RMS. Revenue there, Jim, held up a little better than we were expecting, obviously kind of typical seasonal sequential downtick. But if you mentioned it  I apologize if I missed  but are you seeing each of the geographies progress or continue to progress in terms of strengthening or turning around?
James C. Foster: Yeah, Dave. We're seeing definitely strengthening in North America. Some of that's sales from our former NCI contract, but it's always reported in the same segment and, of course, we continue to produce those animals. Europe, as predicted, is strengthening as well. And we're starting to look at Asia as Asia. But as we've said, we've seen China, which is in high growth mode, offset the continued sort of decline from the Japanese market, which is a smaller contracting pharma market. We're also anniversarying the service issues that caused the downturn, which is the cancellation of NCI contract and at least one large GEMS client reduced their colony size. So sort of going through that, sort of stabilization of the Services businesses, which obviously we hope will grow in the future. And definitely a strengthening of the Research Model business. We gaining a little bit of price, but definitely getting some units. We didn't call it out in this call, but the types of units continue to be in large measure immuno-compromised animals and inbreds pretty much across the world. So yeah, we're very pleased to see the top line growth and also see the benefits of really focused efficiency initiatives in that business display themselves in improved operating margin.
David H. Windley: Super. So just to follow up on a piece of that, it sounds like, if I interpret what you're saying about Asia and Japan in particular, that you're looking at Japan as being less relevant in the scheme of things because it has shrunk to I guess a small size. In terms of your growth expectations, the RMS contribution to your overall growth expectations longer term, can the  I guess can the RMS segment hit the levels that you need it to to support your long-term growth expectations if Japan doesn't return to positive territory?
James C. Foster: Yeah. That's a fair question. We don't overstate it. It's one of our geographies that's always been the smallest. And not to disparage the market, it's just different. It's the clients are primarily local Japanese clients and there used to be a lot of international clients in Japan. So you just have to take a look at the pharma industry, the tendency in the growth rates that we see in other parts of the world. So it's been a small, solid part of our RMS business, has not been growing, certainly not  it hasn't been growing for about three or four years. It's been entirely the result of infrastructure declines and not market share losses in any way. In fact, there's probably some slight market share gains. So yes, our long-term goals, which are to have this segment be mid- to single-digit grower on the top line, all-in, Products and Services. We contemplate this sort of continued level of performance in Japan and a corresponding meaningful offset by China, which really is a wonderful, high-growth market with great potential, one that reminds us of perhaps U.S. and Europe many years ago.
David H. Windley: Okay. Thanks. I'll drop out. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho W. Peterson: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Just one quick question from me around Argenta and BioFocus. I mean can you give us some color on the pipeline there? You've seen some softness in the second quarter due to contract terminations and longer timelines. How is that trending heading into year-end?
James C. Foster: Yeah. So as we reported, in the last quarter, we had some significant contracts roll off sort of unanticipated, earlier than we had thought, which has been causing some softer performance in those acquired companies than we had intended and, certainly, that we desire. I would say that we are experiencing now  and we commented on this in the prepared remarks  we're experiencing now some offsets to that in terms of new work that's come in. Clearly, our sales organization, which has been cross-training and growing, by the way, our Discovery Services technical sales and account managers has been growing nicely in the right geographic locale for the right background. I would say that we have a significant amount of activity in that sector with a host of clients as we move into the back half of the year and hopefully and obviously into next year as well. So our conclusion of that business is that the sales cycle's been a little bit longer than we had originally anticipated. It's a very complex sale. So the sales  the amalgamation of the sales force has taken a bit longer, but we're really pleased with the client reaction and the building amount of activity and interest and early orders that we're seeing there.
Tycho W. Peterson: Got it. And then in terms of biotech funding, I know you've disclosed in the past that about 40-odd% of your client base is biotech. And you mentioned some of this in the prepared remarks as well, but can you help us parse out how much of the biotech funding strength you've seen is related to sort of capital markets versus global biopharma collaborating with smaller biotech companies? And how do you see those two pieces of it trending over the next couple of years?
James C. Foster: So we haven't given specific percentage demarcation between pharma and biotech in a while, so I think that 40% number is probably an old one but it doesn't really matter. I think where one starts and the other stops has actually become irrelevant. And a significant amount of the funding, for sure the most significant amount of the funding for biotech, who have become the discovery engines for pharma, is coming directly from big pharma. And we're a bit of a mirror image of what the clients are doing, how they're spending, whether they're  how their pipelines look because our business is obviously composite of so many of them. So we have slightly more sales to biotech than pharma  that's very large biotech companies. That's midsize companies. I would call a midsize company one that's got a $5 billion to $10 billion market cap in sales and earnings. And then we have a bunch of startup companies, many of whom are virtual. Almost all those companies have no internal capabilities, so they're terrific clients for us. There is a lot of money in the system. So the recent noise, which is more related to some bad actor's comments and activities in raising drug pricing is a totally different conversation than how much money has gone into the system. So you've seen huge amounts of money coming in directly from the capital markets in 2014 and again in 2015, and much more than that coming directly from big pharma. And as I said a moment ago, you also have a lot of biotech companies actually generating their own cash flows and  from their product launches and sales. So we continue to see biotech as a critical element in the drug development pipeline for big pharma, for the U.S. and for the world. We feel we will continue to benefit from them as a client base and that there is significant funding for long-term significant investment by them as they continue to not only build their pipelines, but develop them significantly through outsourcing.
Tycho W. Peterson: Thanks, Jim. Appreciate the color.
James C. Foster: Sure. Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken: Good morning and congrats, guys, on a great quarter. I just want to expand a little bit on the prior caller. One of the things we all struggle with is sort of understanding through the funding cycle that the business have a little bit more sensitivity relative to at least more of the virtual biotech. So from a segment perspective if you can give us a little bit of a sense on sort of which pieces tend to be a little bit more volatile. Because my guess is it's probably smaller than we think so if you can just give us a little bit of color I think that would be maybe helpful.
James C. Foster: Well, we don't see much volatility unless you're using volatility to describe churn.
Ross Muken: Yeah.
James C. Foster: So you have fair amounts of churn with small biotech companies, and by that we mean some of them go bankrupt, some of them get merged. I was at a dinner last night with a bunch of pharma and biotech guys talking about the deal  the Dyax deal went down yesterday and, I mean, there's constant acquisitions. So that's true and I don't think that's any sort of weakness in the market conditions at all. We like our relationships with the virtual companies because you have a company that's usually well funded. Most of that is venture capital funded not capital markets funded. By the way, the venture firms have recently replenished a lot of their funds, so I think they're flush with cash. And you see companies that are really interested in getting their drug to proof of concept as quickly as possible with only modest price sensitivity. So we're just  we're not seeing a lot of  we're not seeing any worrisome activity at all. The churn has always been there. There are hundreds, if not thousands of clients in the biotech segment. There are always new ones. Yeah we, of course, benefit by robust funding modality. But having said that, it's really subtle and it's not immediate and it sort of gets smoothed out by the totality of the clients. So it's tough to parse it. If you want a number, really small biotech companies that are sort of virtual and private are well below 5% of our revenue. And I don't think we want to disparage those clients. I mean I think that they've been really strong sources of revenue for us. So as I said a moment ago, I do think that a lot of the dialogue has been about, has been more about stock prices and as I said a few bad actors or a couple of bad actors that have gotten a lot of press about drug pricing and not really about the funding that's going to come into this sector or continues to come into this sector. So we have  as you know, we had more drugs approved in 2014 than the year before. We'll see what 2015 is shortly. We have enormous opportunity with immuno therapy, particularly immuno oncology. And I do think that these small biotech companies, if you talk to the VCs for instance, a vast majority of these companies are in the oncology area. So I would expect funding to continue to be robust. We would expect that we would continue to work increasingly with more of these companies and that they would continue to grow and develop and be the bedrock of a lot of modern medicine, but also a lot of our revenue base.
Ross Muken: Okay. And I guess taking volatility from a different standpoint, Jim, you've been great acquirers the past few years. To the degree that you still have pretty balance sheets  pretty good balance sheet leverage the next few years, how do you see the recent volatility helping you from a pipeline activity in terms of M&A?
James C. Foster: Well, that's unclear. The M&A targets have been, for us, really robust I'd say for a couple years. I think we've done a really clear job mapping it out both internally and explaining it to you folks. There's a lot of assets out there that are private equity or venture owned that are coming to market or are at market. I think that's sort of happenstance with what we're talking about. I mean they come to the end of their fund life and they seem to be available. So I'm not sure what the relationship is. I just know that there are a lot of assets out there. There aren't a lot of logical strategic acquirers for some of these assets. I'm sure we'll have competition, but I think less than we used to. And we do see that as a really wonderful opportunity to continue to build out our unique and large portfolio to make it more robust, but also wider as well as deeper. And I think that will make us a better service provider for our clients.
Ross Muken: Great. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Greg Bolan with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan: Hey. Thanks, guys. So, wow, you guys have been busy. Congrats. So just one question here. Big picture, Jim, as you think about the figurative or literal whiteboard as it relates to big biopharma transitioning from kind of transactional to more kind of full service or programmatic type partners with Charles River, where are you? I know that historically you've said clearly you've had some larger biopharma companies kind of make the move all the way to the right, starting with Safety Assessment and then moving over to Discovery. Some of those are publicly announced, some are not. But as you think about where we are in the cycle, you kind of alluded to it earlier that certain biopharma companies, larger biopharma sponsors are making that move with Charles River. But where would you characterize we are in the cycle? In the spirit of baseball maybe what inning or what have you? That would be very helpful. Thanks.
James C. Foster: I'm going to assume I understood the question, Greg. So I thought you were going to ask about strategic deals. So assuming you sort of did, let me just comment that the last time we calculated and reported it we had about 30% of our total revenue associated with strategic deals, which is a terrific thing. And I would say that for reasons that aren't all that relevant, most of those or many of those have started with a big conversation about Safety Assessment and moved into these large enterprise agreements that often cut across everything that we do. So most of the big boys, obviously, have to do what we do for them internally or buy it externally. And for many of them it's an opportunity to buy across the board with us and have a great value proposition and have a better strategic and scientific relationship. So if that was, sort of, at the high risk working really well. If you're talking about  and maybe you talked about both. If you're talking about selling across the continuum, given our move into discovery and how that's working for these integrated deals, which of course is our dream, I would say that there's an aggressive dialogue with lots of clients about integrated discovery/chemistry deals with them, which I think we will get and will be relatively commonplace, not to overstate that. I would say that as we get to understand the molecule really well, assuming it progresses and we get it through an in vitro screen, that when they decide to go into animals it's likely that we will be the beneficiary. I think our goal is that we sign large, integrated strategic deals with clients that take us from discovery through safety. And I think that's foreseeable and plausible. I think it's unlikely that they're going to say here's my target, make me a drug and call us in five or six years when you get it through regulated talks. So that won't happen. But how it might happen is they'll say here  as we get to certain milestones and the drug moves forward, we will likely do it with you and here's the structure of the deal and want to make sure that we have access to your space and your best people. So I think a fair amount of that is a work in progress. Again, we have this sort of unique portfolio with the largest safety assessment player, probably the largest commercial discovery player with a focus in doing more M&A. And I think as we have more capabilities to offer them, the deals will be more interesting and more strategic and more creative from a milestone point of view. And then to go back to where I started, we obviously do hope and believe that a larger percentage of our total revenue will be associated somehow with the strategic relationship of clients, both large and small, across as much of our portfolio as possible. That obviously provides greater stability in our revenue model and our predictability in terms of guidance to the Street.
Greg Bolan: Thanks, Jim. Appreciate it.
James C. Foster: Sure. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John C. Kreger: Hi. Thanks very much. I'm sure you're not done with your strategic planning for 2016, but can you just talk about maybe some of the key puts and takes that we should be considering as we're remodeling next year? And one item in particular, given the very strong success you've had in Safety Assessment, should we be expecting a ramp in capital projects to make sure you've got enough space to take on the new work? Thanks.
James C. Foster: John, I'd love to answer it, particularly to you. But we really don't want to give color and we certainly don't want to begin to be giving guidance for 2016 until we give it in February. So, I think I'll  maybe I'll only comment on your last part of your question, only because we talked about it previously often, which is that we anticipate and our 2016 plan is getting finished, but it doesn't get locked and loaded until our board meeting in early December, so we have another month. I would say that you should expect CapEx to be around the same level as 2015. It could be a little bit higher. Could be  I doubt it'll be lower, could be. But it would be around the same zip code, so. And as you know, we've spent a meaningful amount of money this year in growth, CapEx for growth. So we certainly would hope  we certainly  you should expect, given our growth metrics generally, that we would allocate additional money, CapEx, to growing as well. And if I start to  if I start to give color on the rest of your question, I will do what I don't want to do. So please try to be patient and wait for our comments in February.
John C. Kreger: Great. No problem. And let me just sneak another one in. Given all the interest in how biotech behavior might be changing or not, can you just remind us back, let's say, in 2001, the last time we had a really severe biotech funding drought, did that impact your businesses to any great extent?
James C. Foster: You're giving me a credit for much better memory than I have. I'm not sure. I don't think so because I remember getting the same questions. The problem is, with the reference at all, is the world and the market and the clients were so different, just so different. And different today  it's different today in a much more positive way. So in 2001, pharma basically did everything internally, and the CROs, including us  by the way, we had only been in tox for a year-and-a-half. So we were really nascent in this. We had a little tiny business. So we got crumbs. They really didn't want to do it, and they hadn't done the serious structural work. And a lot of the big deals hadn't happened, (NYSE:A). (NYSE:B), biotech was probably 20 years into it, but still nascent. There wasn't nearly the money or the breakthroughs. So we get questions like that a lot. I think it's maybe interesting to you. But I think be careful to relate too much about what happened over a decade ago to what's happening now. Also, our capability and our scale in tox, in particular, and discovery as well are just so much larger that our ability to different things and more expensive things for our clients has changed dramatically.
John C. Kreger: That's helpful. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Patrick Jones: Thanks for the questions and welcome to David. Jim, you talked about taking advantage of some of the competitive disruptions. I was hoping you could maybe dig in a little bit about where we are in those disruptions. And I assume you're talking about Covance being integrated and then the combination of Harlan and Huntingdon. If there's others, that'd be helpful to hear about those as well. Just trying to get a sense of where you think the growth from DSA and RMS is coming from relative to the competitive landscape as it compares to more pure demand for the services within those businesses.
James C. Foster: Sure. I'm going to do it without speaking specifically about competitors, but more generally. We have been taking share from competitors in the Research Model business actually for some time and continue to do so particularly in the academic sector where we have been focusing for a while. And we're still getting price and there's still some sure business that's available in the academic sector in particular. And we've been able to do that on a worldwide basis, particularly the U.S. and Europe. And China, it's tough to say what's driving that. I think it's  most of its de novo business, right; it's new business that's never existed given the market situation. In the Safety Assessment business, not to sort of overstate our importance, but we've been really, really thoughtful, I think, about how we go after competitive business. And as we've said now for a couple of years in these calls in particular, during a downturn we really got in touch with our cost structure. And not only do we continue to run lean, but we really understand our costs exquisitely well, we would argue better than most of our competitors. So we are able to effectively win business from them, and when we bid against them, win business. And as you can see from the margins, we're able to do that even though we often quote aggressively from a price point of view. Given the efficiency initiatives and the scale and the capacity utilization and the mix and the price, we've been able to aggressively bid on these deals and dramatically increase our operating margin. So I just think we're better. I think we're scientifically better. I think we're operationally better and organizationally better. I do think that we  and we hear it from clients  I do think that we have clients that are nervous about the noise that they heard last year from our very large competitor that you mentioned and they're beginning to hear this year from smaller but still large competitors who are most likely going to be in play this year. That just makes them nervous, and people don't like the disruption of not knowing who the owner will be, not knowing what the level of investment will be or not be, not knowing who the GMs will be, not knowing whether their study directors who will be there. It just makes them uncomfortable. So we're using the  all of those things, the concern that the clients have, the quality of our work, our knowledge of our cost structure and our large infrastructure, and the fact that we're obviously a pure play CRO that actually likes what we're doing and are not sort of private equity or venture owned and kind of in play, to take advantage of business opportunities as they occur to us. And there's a fair amount of work yet to come outside. You know probably the amount of work that's been outsourced by the large players is probably 50% or maybe 55%. And of course there's all sorts of new work that is available from the biotech firms. So we do think this is a very interesting inflection point and moment in time that we have now for who knows?  for a few years. And we're going to open space thoughtfully. And we're going to hire people thoughtfully, but slightly ahead of when we need them, make sure they're well trained. And we're going to go hard for as much business as possible.
Robert Patrick Jones: I appreciate the comments. Thanks.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah. Hi. Good morning and congratulations on a very good quarter. A couple of question here, one is a follow up on the prior one. In thinking about kind of like your comments, right, the fact that you will kind of like introduce some costs and hire people ahead of time as you open capacity and look to build share, how should we think about kind of like the margin trajectory when we model? I mean margin has shown very, very healthy expansion in the last year. Should we now assume that this is kind of like the new steady-state given the different cross currents that you were kind of like discussing?
James C. Foster: So, Ricky, you should assume a few things. So you should assume that this year we have hired lots of people. Let me define lots, hundreds of people, in the Safety Assessment business. So we're already doing what I said. We opened a new space, we're hiring hundreds of people and we're driving margin at the same time. So we can do both. So you should not read those comments, it's a really fair question, but you should not read into the comments that we're going to go and open huge amounts of space and hire lots of people if it's going to have a dilatory effect on the margin. It's continuation of the same. We haven't told you what the operating margin is for Safety Assessment, although we have said that it's above our 20% goal. But we haven't told you explicitly what it is, and we are unlikely to tell you. But what we will tell you is that the margins are well above our corporate target now. I believe this is, if it's not the third quarter in a row, the second. And we have told you that the Discovery piece of DSA most of those companies have been acquired, certainly Argenta, BioFocus and ChanTest have lower operating margins and our goal is to continue to improve those. So we hope to continue to have an improved operating margin in that segment going forward. What the mix is between Discovery and Safety, we have no idea. And of course, we'll give clarity on that when we give our 2016 guidance. But please don't hear growth as potentially having an adverse impact on margin because it shouldn't be substantially different than the sort of investments we've made this year.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then another follow up. I mean you've kind of like highlighted how the market is different now and the Charles sponsors have changed can affect your processes. Earlier this week, we, once again, heard about the potential for large pharma consolidation. Can you just kind of like give us some more color and kind of like your exposure to these potential  to this potential consolidation? And how should we think about potential impact, if there is one?
James C. Foster: Yeah. Tough to say. Of course, this is a rumored deal. There's obviously been lots of mergers throughout the year, so this one occurs for us as a very large company buying a relatively small one, maybe not price wise, but just in the panoply of large pharma. Obviously, they're both clients. I won't say anything more than that. Just there tends to be some modest disruption during the sorting out and integration process. But you can't really predict that totally. It really depends on the complementary nature of the therapeutic areas in the drug pipelines. I wouldn't expect this one to be very disruptive at all. And I would remind you that from a customer concentration point of view, even our largest client accounts for less than 5% of our revenue. So we can and will manage this.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
James C. Foster: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric W. Coldwell: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, first one on research models. Given over time more of a mix shift to higher end models, purpose spread, knockouts, et cetera, and then also the growing demand in the strong biotech financing, client financing globally, I'm just curious if you're at a point now where you could be a little more aggressive with your pricing behavior as you go into 2016. And maybe give us an update on what you realized on catalogue pricing globally in 2015 as well. And then I have a follow-up.
James C. Foster: Yeah. It's a bit of an imponderable. I think the answer is we probably could. We probably won't. We decided, man, it's probably five or six years ago, to be less aggressive with our price increases so that that ceased to be an issue from a competitive market share point of view. And, Eric, I'm specifically, particularly these days thinking about and talking about academia where there's lots of work. We have a significant amount of revenue from academia but it's the smallest piece of the three segments; big pharma and biotech and then academia. And it's a client segment that's pretty price sensitive. So you may already know that if you take a look at our major strains, we are 5% to 15% more expensive than some of our competitors. We're at parity with many of our competitors and in a couple of places with a couple of strains, lower. So we probably could but we really are interested in driving share. It's a very profitable business that we think we can continue to derive profitability without doing what our clients would perceive as inappropriate price increases. And in any event, we net considerably lower prices than we  that occur in our catalog. That has a lot to do with the fact that a lot of our big clients are price protected. We have big deals with them and tied up some sort of strategic deal or at least a deal with Research Models. So I suspect that we won't do anything largely out of the ordinary for pricing next year.
Eric W. Coldwell: Okay. Fair enough. Let me shift gears to one topic that came up a few minutes ago, which is the notion that perhaps there are some, let's just say, assets in play in the kind of midsize to upper midsized safety assessment world on the private side of the market. Are you in that game? Are you interested in making acquisitions of these companies if the books are out there? Or are you more focused on your organic buildouts and reopening Shrewsbury? I'm just trying to get a sense, you talk a lot about M&A but would you go back and do kind of a traditional horizontal deal in Safety Assessment?
James C. Foster: So my surreal answer to that, Eric, since I would have given you a different answer two years ago, is that here we are through three quarters of 2015 with capacity pretty much optimally utilized with operating margins actually better than we had anticipated with a lot of efficiency initiative, with a lot of demand from both large and small clients and share gains and pretty positive view of the demand curve  we just did a five-year plan  so demand curve for a while. And so I would have succinctly said to you a couple of years ago we would never do another deal in the Safety Assessment space. Of course, you have to be careful never to say never. And I guess what we would say now is, yeah, we're absolutely focused on bringing on new space as we need it and opening the former Shrewsbury, which we're calling Massachusetts. But we would be remiss if there are quality assets in the market that are available at a rational price point that give us geographic reach that we want, service capability that either we don't have or think we  could better us from scale and access perhaps to some clients that we don't do as well with. We would be remiss, given the strength of the business, given the strength of our leadership in that field, not to look. How it comes out, whether we do any deals, whether they're really for sale and whether they're affordable is, you know, it's not all that useful to speculate. But we're certainly open to all of our options and to thoughtfully and carefully pursue them all.
Eric W. Coldwell: Okay. Thanks. Thanks so much.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Garen Sarafian: Morning, Jim and David, and thanks for taking the questions. First on China, you emphasized your interest in China, and you seem to be doing very well in that market. But given the volatility of the overall Chinese market and all the talk of the country transforming itself to a consumer-oriented market and such, how does that influence when and how you enter the market? Does it  do you pause a bit during the transition? Do you accelerate into the market before anything else changes? Or does it even diminish or increase the number of opportunities for M&A in the market? If you can just comment on that a little bit?
James C. Foster: Yeah. So we've made a very careful and relatively small bet in China. We bought a land animal production company that had been a licensee of ours. So the Charles River name was already in China. It's a market that's growing very quickly. Biotech is really nascent there and the pharma companies are just sort of beginning to become real companies. Our competition is principally government based. So we're very interested in growing our infrastructure, and that would not be through M&A. Growing our infrastructure through building more space because it's a really big country, so that we're close to our clients and can compete more effectively that way. So while M&A in China is always a possibility and we do have some targets that we've been looking at, I would say that you should expect our growth to (A) be principally in Research Models and Services for a while and principally through investment of our own money in facilities to grow and reasonably modest.
Garen Sarafian: Got it. No, that's very helpful. And then just overall in M&A, I think you're now right around 2.7, 2.8 times leverage. So, but it still sounds like you're very enthusiastic to do more acquisitions, even if it's not in China. So with what you're seeing in the pipeline, are you more willing to go above what I thought you had previously stated to be 3 times?
James C. Foster: Well, I think we're at about 2.5 times now. What we said previously is for reasons that aren't necessarily rational, they're more psychological, we kind of like it below 3 times, 3 turns, probably because we were an LBO at one point. We've also said that we would lever up for short amounts of time. When we say that we probably mean a year-ish. I don't know, 3.5 times, maybe higher, maybe slightly below 4, to do a large strategic, accretive deal. So we're quite happy where we are now. We feel that we're well financed to do M&A. We're quite interested in doing M&A. There are a lot of targets out there, both in Discovery and in some of our other growth businesses. And we're sure we have a lot of  we have meaningful amounts of headroom to continue to pursue these deals.
Garen Sarafian: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. And we'll go to Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim C. Evans: Thank you. I'll be brief. The pricing in the DSA segment I think you said was up 5%, and I think that's pretty consistent with what you've seen in prior quarters. But is the component of that any different? In past, you've commented on spot pricing versus change order activity. Is the spot pricing in particular getting any better?
James C. Foster: You know just increasingly harder to tease it out. We push spot pricing whenever and wherever we can. There's a lot of complex studies that are  the inclination is for the clients to change them. I don't think the mix is changing materially from quarter to quarter, though, but holding steady.
Tim C. Evans: Okay. And if I may, you mentioned kind of the penetration rate. Again, I think you said kind of 50% with big pharma. That's pretty consistent with what you've said in prior years I believe, and I just wonder is that  do you feel like penetration is going up meaningfully for large pharma? And how much visibility do you have into the true penetration rate for your largest customers?
James C. Foster: What I said was that we think about 50% of the Safety Assessment work has been outsourced. That's probably a different  it's probably an answer to a different question and a different answer than the one that you're asking. And so it's very hard to have visibility, but our goal is to have the majority of the Safety Assessment work from all of big pharma. I would say that we already have that in the Research Model business for big pharma. And our goal now is to develop a robust Discovery business with as many of the large classic biopharma companies and biotech companies as possible to get them to outsource more of the very early work. So there's a lot of work just in safety assessment that's still done internally. There's a lot of discovery work that's only done internally or at least most of it's done internally. And so, yeah, there are significant opportunities for them and clearly major opportunities in most biotech companies who, except for literally a handful, buy most things externally.
Tim C. Evans: Thank you. That's helpful.
Susan E. Hardy: We know there are more callers in the queue and we will follow up with you later today. Apologies for not getting to you but we're in the interest of time. So that concludes our remarks for today. Thank you for joining us. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy  Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Foster  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Ackerman  Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Derik de Bruin  Bank of America Dave Windley  Jefferies Robbie Fatta  William Blair Eric Coldwell  Baird Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan Julie Murphy  Morgan Stanley Allen Lutz  Citigroup Tim Evans  Wells Fargo Security
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2015 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our second quarter results and update guidance for 2015. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. Theres a slide presentation associated with todays remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case 363905. The replay will be available through August 13. You may also access the archived version of the webcast on Investor Relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 17, 2015, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations in non-GAAP measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecast the Companys performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with the GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial information link. Jim, please go ahead.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our second quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported revenue of $339.6 million in the second quarter of 2015, a 5.7% increase over the previous year in constant dollars, and a 6% sequential increase. Having anniversaried the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus in the first quarter, acquisitions contributed just 1.5% to year-over-year revenue growth. Many of our businesses performed extremely well with the strongest performance contributed by safety assessment. We are particularly pleased that the research models business improved due in part to robust sales to NCI researchers and also to stabilization in Europe. The operating margin improved by 100 basis points year-over-year to 20%. This is the highest operating margin we achieved since 2008, and the first time that we have reached our 20% margin target. All three business segments reported increased operating margins, but the most significant increase was in the DSA segment, which gained 450 basis points year-over-year. Each of the segments reported a sequential increase in operating margins driven by either higher revenue, or improved operating efficiency, or both. Earnings per share were $0.96 in the second quarter, including a $0.01 loss from our limited partnership investment. This compared to $0.97 in the second quarter of last year, which included a $0.03 gain for limited partnership investments. In addition foreign exchange reduced earnings per share for the second quarter of this year by approximately $0.03. The second quarter results demonstrate the effective execution of our sales and marketing strategies. We are continuing with our outreach to heads of R&D and other decision-makers at the leading biopharmaceutical companies as well as many of the larger biotech companies. The addition of discovery assets to our early stage drug research portfolio has allowed us to expand discussions with existing clients about playing a larger role in the research efforts and is opened an avenue for discussion with potential new client. We have fundamentally changed the conversation because we can now support the entire early stage drug research process. The addition of Celsis provides another area of discussion because we can now offer a unique comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing of biopharmaceutical and consumer products. Id like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment performance. Beginning with the RMS segment, revenue is $120 million, a decline of 2.5% in constant currency. As was the case in the first quarter, higher revenue from product sales was offset by lower service revenue. Sales of research models in North America increased significantly due primarily to sales of NCI models which as you know, are now recorded as product sales instead of services, following the termination of the NCI contract last fall. Sales of research models in China increased in the second quarter, and we were very pleased to see stabilization of sales in Europe and moderation of decline in Japan. The increasing demand for MRAD and immuno models which we experienced last year in the first quarter continued in the second quarter in the U.S., and we also saw improved demand for these strains in Europe. We believe the trend is being driven primarily by oncology research where positive results from immunotherapies are driving increased investment. As a expected, revenue for research model services declined in the second quarter, as a result of the loss of the NCI contract and softer sales for the GEMS business. Both the NCI contract and the significant colony reduction by one  GEMS client which we mentioned previously, will anniversary in the second half of this year, which will result in stabilization of the service revenue. In the second quarter the RMS operating margin increase by 10 basis points to 29.1%. Despite slightly lower sales, the consolidation of our facilities in Japan and other efficiency initiatives in both the products and services businesses generated a benefited in the second quarter. Sequential operating margin increased, demonstrated the benefits of the efficiency initiatives even more clearly, improving 280 basis points over the first quarter. We are continuing to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operation, and we maintain our belief that an annual RMS operation margin in the high 25% range is achievable and sustainable. The manufacturing support segment reported revenue of $66.2 million which represented a growth rate of 9.8% in constant currency. The EMD business again delivered robust growth of approximately 10%, and the biologics business improved significantly from its slow start to the year. Biologics normally has a soft first quarter, as a result of low sample volume following the holidays but generally improves in the second quarter as it did this year. The Avian Vaccine business also had a strong second quarter due in part to the acquisition of a small competitor which we made on May 5. Because of capacity constraints, we have been unable to fulfill the demands for the high quality eggs which we produce. Rather than build, we purchased Sunrise Farms to provide additional capacity. The acquisition adds less than 50 basis points of Charles River 2015 consolidated revenue, but enables us to better meet our clients requirements. Manufacturing segment operating margin improved by 20 basis points year-over-year to 33.6%. As we expected, the sequential improvement with significant, a 370 basis point gain, which was driven by all three businesses. Leverage from higher sales is significant for our EMD and Avian product businesses, and efficiency initiatives particularly for our biologics business also contributed. The second quarter saw the margin return to the low 30% range which we consider to be a sustainable level. As you know, we closed the acquisition of Celsis last Friday. We are very enthusiastic about this acquisition, which will expand the portfolio of our Endotoxin and microbial detection for EMD business. EMD is the leading of Endotoxin testing for sterile biopharma application, and through the PTS office the only rapid testing platform. Celsis is a leading provider of rapid testing systems for bacterial contamination or bioburden in non-sterile products making it an excellent fit with our existing EMD business. Together, we believe EMD and Celsis will provide one of the most, if not the most, comprehensive solution for rapid quality control testing available, not only to the biopharmaceutical industry, which is our primary focus, but also to the consumer products industry. As a result, the acquisition expands our addressable market opportunities to approximately $2 billion, almost twice the current level. We believe this acquisition has compelling financial benefits. We expect Celsis to deliver low-double digit revenue growth with an operating margin comparable to EMD. From a longer-term perspective, we believe that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a key driver of our goal for the EMD business to continue to deliver low-double digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. DSA revenue was $153.4 million in the second quarter, an 11.4% increase in constant currency including a 2.8% from the ChanTest acquisition. Because of our sustained focus on improving the efficiency and productivity of the DSA business, the low-double digit revenue growth yielded a significant increase in operating margins to 21.6% from 17.1% in the second quarter last year. The safety assessment business exceeded our segment goal of a 20% operating margin and was the primary driver of the DSA segments 450 basis points operating margin improvement from the second quarter of last year, as well as the 180 basis points sequential improvement. DSA segment exceeded our 20% operating margin goal. Although I remind you that margin improvement varies based upon a number of factors and should be evaluated on an annual rather than a quarterly basis. Excluding ChanTest the discovery business had a mixed quarter, with softer sales for Argenta and BioFocus, partially offset by stronger in vivo discovery results. Revenue for Argenta and BioFocus was affected primarily by the early termination of a large contract for integrated chemistry program. This occurred due to a re-prioritization of the clients R&D programs. Were holding ongoing discussions with numerous biopharma clients and potential clients about playing a larger role in their research efforts, and are optimistic that many of these companies will choose to outsource their integrated chemistry programs to us, however, the decision process is lengthy. Ultimately, we believe that outsourcing of early discovery services will increase and gain momentum just as outsourcing of safety assessment services has. Our second quarter results of the safety assessment business demonstrates this outsourcing momentum and our success at winning market share. We were exceptionally pleased to see the business report another quarter of low-double digit revenue growth over the prior-year quarter and a similar sequential increase. The revenue growth resulted from improved client demand, a 5% increase in pricing and market share gains. Biotech clients were the primary driver of the revenue increased as they continue to benefit from robust funding and invest those funds in their pipelines. Global by a farmer and academic clients also contributed. The years of efforts we made to improve our operating efficiency while continuing to invest in our scientific expertise enhance our sales efforts, and build stronger relationships with existing and potential clients are paying off now, when the safety assessment market is returning to a growth mode. We have differentiated ourselves with the competition, and clients appreciate the value we bring to their research efforts and the efforts which we place on individualized service. The fact that AstraZeneca recently renewed his agreement with us for an additional five years is a prime example of the strategic relationships we want to achieve our clients. Under the agreement which extends into 2020, Charles River will retain its position as AZs preferred strategic partner for outsourced regulated safety assessment and development DMPK. Utilizing our scientific expertise has been pivotal to enabling AZ to create a simplified and more flexible research platform, and our combined expertise as provided substantial benefits in support of AZs efforts to deliver safe and effective new treatments to patients more efficiently. We are proud of the success of our collaboration and look forward to providing ongoing support for AZs early stage research programs. Our success at expanding strategic relationship like AZ and winning market share has resulted in a high utilization rate for our safety assessment facilities. As we mentioned previously, we have been able to accommodate increased demand over the last two years by opening small numbers of study rooms. This has been a successful approach, but as capacity utilization has increased to optimal levels, we have less flexibility to address our clients demand for our services. To provide the needed capacity, we have made a decision to reopen our facility at Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, in early 2016. Initially, we expect to open a portion of Charles River Massachusetts, as the facility will be known, and offer only Validation and staffing for GLP services will follow at a later date, depending on demand. We have already received considerable indications of interest from large biopharma and emerging biotech companies, as well as academic research institution. Situated less than an hour from the Boston, Cambridge, bio hub, perhaps the most significant concentration of medical research in the world, we believe that the facility is strategically located to support the demand for outsourced services and to accommodate hands-on research organizations which want to be closely involved with the CRO partner. Reopening Charles River Massachusetts will provide us with flexibility to accommodate demand for discovery and safety assessment services. We believe that capacity and flexibility are especially important now when there is a significant opportunity to gain market share. Large biopharma companies are making a more significant commitment to outsourcing as they strive to improve operating efficiency and increase pipeline productivity. That commitment extends not only to CROs but also to biotech companies in academia. Small and emerging biotech companies, flush with funding from large biopharma, private equity and the capital markets, are investing in research rather than infrastructure. Academic institutions are increasing their reliance on partners like Charles River to provide expertise in drugs discovery and development. A far cry from 2008, the outsourcing landscape has changed significantly, offering us many opportunities to work collaboratively with our clients. This is the reason that we continue to invest in portfolio expansion, scientific expertise, efficiency initiatives, and our people. These investments are the basis of our ability to provide a compelling value proposition for our clients. We intend to continue to identify and acquire businesses and technologies primarily upstream, but also for other growth areas of our business. Such additions will enhance the role we play in supporting our clients early stage drug research processes, by providing critical capabilities and expertise which they do not have in-house, or which enable them to eliminate the internal investment. We believe that continued successful execution of our strategies will enable us to maintain and enhance our position as the leading pure play, early stage CRO, and allow Charles River to provide value to clients, employees, and shareholders for the long term. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now, I would like Tom Ackerman to give you additional details on our second quarter results.
Tom Ackerman:
.: Jim provided details about the second quarter performance in each of our business segments, so I will discuss some of the other items. Unallocated corporate costs decrease of $3.3 million sequentially to $22.3 million in the second quarter due in part to lower health and fringe related costs. The $2.2 million year-over-year increase was driven primarily by higher stock compensation expense. For the year we expect unallocated corporate costs to be nearly 7% of total revenue. Consistent with historical trends, the annual rate anticipates and slight reduction of these costs during the second half of the year from 7.3% of revenue in the first half. Net interest expense was $3.3 million in the second quarter which was approximately $700,000 higher than the first quarter, due in part to higher capital lease expense related to a facility build-out. Interest expense was essentially unchanged from the prior year. We expect net interest expense to be at the high end of our previous outlook of $12 million to $25 million in 2015, primarily reflecting the incremental interest expense from the Celsis acquisition and the capital lease. In the second quarter, the non-GAAP tax rate of 26.7% remained below our outlook for the year of 27% to 28%. We continue to expect our annual non-GAAP tax rate to be in a range of 27% to 28%. The tax legislation related to R&D tax credits in Canada that I mentioned last quarter is still pending. Assuming the legislation is enacted this year, it will provide a small benefit to earnings per share in 2015, and also modestly increase our tax rate from the first half level. Free cash flow improved significantly in the second quarter to $72.4 million, compared to $47.7 million last year. The increase was primarily driven by two factors, the strong second quarter operating performance, and the timing of cash inflows and outflows associated with a certain tax items. As I mentioned on the first quarter conference call, this timing reduced operating cash flow by approximately $7 million, but as expected at normalized and benefited free cash flow in the second quarter. For the year, we remain [indiscernible] free cash flow of $195 million to $205 million. As expected, CapEx increased to $13.9 million in the second quarter, an our estimate of up to $70 million for the years unchanged. This amount will fund projects to expand capacity in our safety assessment business including reopening our Massachusetts facility in early 2016 and plans for other growth businesses. I would now like to provide an update on our capital priorities. Strategic M&A activity focusing on high growth, accretive acquisitions remains our top priority, and our pipeline is robust. As you know, we completed the Celsis transaction at the end of last week. We continue to expect the acquisition will represent approximately 1% of total consolidated revenue, and add approximately $0.05 to non-GAAP earnings per share in 2015. We expect greater benefits in 2016 with Celsis revenue contribution representing approximately 2.5% of consolidated revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share accretion in a range of $0.15 to $0.20. In addition to the benefit of higher sales, we expect the earnings accretion in 2016 to be driven by modest operational synergies of at least $2 million. To achieve the synergies and ensure a smooth transition, have already begun to implement our comprehensive integration plan, including on-site meetings with the Celsis team this week. The $212 million purchase price was funded through a combination of our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. We structure the transaction to finance a portion of the purchase price using foreign debt and cash held by foreign subsidiaries to access this capital in a tax efficient manner. In total, we borrowed approximately $140 million on our revolver, and based on an anticipated pro forma leverage ratio of approximately 2.75 times, I expect the interest rate on our credit facility to increase to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. Were comfortable with our current leverage ratio and intend to pay down debt in line with our scheduled installments for the remainder of the year. In addition to Celsis, we also made a small acquisition in the Avian Vaccine business in May. The acquisition of Sunrise Farms expands our supply of SPF eggs, and our Avian client base. The financial impact us expected to be very modest, contributing less than 50 basis points to consolidated 2015 revenue, and a de minimus benefit to 2015 non-GAAP earnings per share. In the second quarter, we recognized a $9.9 million or $0.21 per share bargain purchase price gain associated with this acquisition which was recorded in other incomes. This gain resulted from the accounting treatment of the acquisition because the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired, which was $19.4 million, exceeded the purchase price of $9.6 million. A bargain purchase gain was excluded from non-GAAP results and also did not impact income tax or cash flow. We also continue to modestly buyback shares in the second quarter repurchasing approximately 550,000 shares at our common stock for $40.8 million. We had $87.6 million available in the current authorization at the end of the second quarter. Our goal for 2015 continues to be offsetting dilution from option exercises and equity grants through stock repurchases. As a result of the repurchase activity, we expect the average share count will remain relatively flat for the year. I would like to make one additional comment with regard to our capital planning. Later today, we intend to file a shelf registration statement in Form S3. This is a routine filing that we have made every three years since 2006. It allows us to access the capital markets when needed. However, we have no plans to draw down on the shelf at this time. I will now comment on the factors that contributed to our updated 2015 guidance as well as our outlook for the second half of the year. We raised our constant currency revenue outlook to a range of 8% to 9.5% growth and non-GAAP EPS TO $3.60 to $3.70. Increased guidance primarily reflects the revenue and EPS contribution from Celsis, which is expected to add 1% and $0.05 per share, respectively, in 2015. The impact of foreign exchange is also expected to be less of a drag than we previously estimated. Efficiency improvement is the offset in part by lower expectations for our Argenta and BioFocus. In addition, we now expect to gain from limited partnership investments to be approximately $0.02 in 2015 compared to our prior outlook of $0.04 per share because of the $0.01 loss that we recorded in the second quarter. Normalizing for both FX and the investment gains in 2014 and 2015, we remain well-positioned to generate strong EPS growth in 2015 of approximately 12% at the midpoint of our guidance range. Foreign exchange continues to be a significant headwind in 2015. FX reduced second revenue growth by 6.2%, compared to a 5.8% headwind in the first quarter. For the year, FX is now expected to reduce reported revenue growth by slightly more than 5%, based on current rate compared to our last estimate of approximately 5.5%. The negative FX impact and FX has mitigated somewhat since we last updated guidance in April, with FX now expected to reduce EPS by approximately $0.10 compared to our prior outlook of $0.17. The U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen compared to most currencies, notably the Canadian dollar. The Canadian dollar has weakened by approximately 7% since late April, and due to unique foreign exchange exposure of our Canadian operations. The weakening Canadian dollar actually provides a benefit to consolidated operating income. You may recall that in Canada the majority of revenue is invoice in U.S. dollars, but most of our costs are incurred in Canadian dollars. The FX benefit in Canada is magnified due to the continued strength of our safety assessment business as we expect to generate higher earnings in Canada this year. In addition, the British pounds which is one of our largest currency exposures due to our large safety assessment and discovery operations in the UK is the only major currency that is strengthened versus the U.S. dollar over the last three months. This also impacts operating income favorably. A combination of these  has lead to a less negative outlook of foreign exchange this year. Our updated 2015 guidance implies that third quarter revenue will be similar to or slightly above the second quarter run rate, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the low to mid $0.90 range. This outlook is based on the following drivers many of which are consistent with those discussed on our first quarter conference call. First, we expect the strong safety assessment trends to continue which is supported by improving key performance indicators including an increase backlog. Prior-year comparisons will be slightly more difficult in the second half, particularly the fourth quarter, but we expect the safety assessment business will continue to report robust growth. We will also benefit from the Celsis acquisition beginning in the third quarter, in addition to continued growth and legacy EMD business of approximately 10% or better. The RMS segment growth is expected to improve modestly in the second half of the year beginning in the third quarter. We remain cautiously optimistic that global models business is beginning to stabilize as witnessed in the second quarter in North America and Europe. In addition, the service businesses will face easier year-over-year comparisons in the second half of the year as we anniversary the termination of the NCI and other smaller government contracts in the in-sourcing solutions business, and the reduction of a client colony in GEMS. Ill remind you that the RMS operating margin will be impacted by normal seasonality in the second half of the year, which is expected to cause the operating margin to dip below the second quarter level due to lower seasonable sales volume. As a result of this RMS seasonality, the consolidated operating margins the third and fourth quarters are expected to be below the 20% level that we just achieved. Based on these trends we are updating our segment growth expectations for 2015. We continue to anticipated that RMS revenue will be essentially flat on a constant currency basis, but now expect that both the DSA and manufacturing support segments to report revenue growth in the low- to mid-teens in 2015. To conclude, we are very pleased with our second quarter performance. the sequential improvement from the first quarter gives us added confidence that we are on track to achieve our financial outlook for the year. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] At this time, well go to line of Derik de Bruin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thank you very much. So can you talk little bit about the Shrewsbury opening? And Im just curious to how should we think about that having financial impacts going forward. And when you talk about the business that youre seeing in safety assessment, how much of this is new projects starts with your customers versus potential share gains? I assume there is a lot fewer player since the 2008 downturn in the market. Just some color on that, and particularly how should we think about the margin impact of Shrewsbury going forward? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Yes, Derek, demand is definitely a combination of share gains. I would say that were taking shared consistently from competitors both large and small, based upon the quality of our science and capabilities and geographic footprint. Clearly there is de novo business that was never available before, the result of cutbacks and infrastructure and closure of infrastructure and shifts and therapeutic areas. It is a little bit tough to tease that out. I would imagine maybe theres slightly more in de novo business and share gain, but theyre both contributing substantially, and as we said in our prepared remarks, so it price for sure. We have a mix component, given our mix of specialty versus gentox, which is both historically and now often a contributor to operating margins. Our space is approaching optimal utilization. Weve opened a little bit of incremental space this year which is giving us the freedom to take on new work. We have a pretty interesting demand curve, demand curve, demand quotient, from local Boston and Cambridge biotech clients, who have been asking a lot about Shrewsbury, and since its close and competitively a wonderful place, really excited about the ability to open it. So as we said will open it in Q1. It will be non-GLP activity at the beginning. We will open only a portion of it. We are quite confident that the work that we put there will be profitable, and virtually no drag, or if its a small drag, on the particular business. Certainly, it wont be noticeable. And based upon whether the conversation turns into real business, we will move to validate the equipment and be training employees to bring on new employees for GLP capabilities. Our goal obviously is to have that be a combined to GLP and non-GLP space if that makes sense. I will remind you that when we opened it originally, we had a lot of this is but it was a challenging situation. It was all GLP. I would say that weve written down some of the facility. We understand our costs better. We are essentially more efficient. So we are confident that the work that we will do next year which will probably be principally, if not entirely non-GLP, will not be a drag on the market.
Derik de Bruin: Great, thats what I was looking for, just the mix of the GLP. I didnt realize at the last time. Thank very much. Ill get back into queue.
Operator: Well go to line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Our questions stick to my one. Im interested in your renewal of the AstraZeneca relationship. Jim, I apologize if you gave some details. I jumped on a few minutes late, but I saw that it was extended for five years versus the original three. I wondered if it also incorporated more pieces of AstraZeneca, more types of services? Anything that would expand the potential revenue run rate from the client?
Jim Foster: I would say that the original three-year deal kind of expanded as we were in it. We do need to do additional work for them. I would also say parenthetically that this is among our best scientific collaborations. I mean theres almost no demarcation between Charles River and AZ when we work on activities together, so were their principal provider of GLP tox and DMPK services. Obviously, were talking to them about a broader portfolio now, and as they move facilities and as we have a greater dialogue, were hopeful that over time we will be able to expand our relationship with them. Were thrilled that its five years as opposed to three. Thats a real commitment by both of us. Its certainly a commitment from them that they really see us as their partner. If you aggregate the two deals, its almost a decade of commitment to us. Given the strength of that franchise, we would certainly hope that our business would grow with them. 
Dave Windley: Very good. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Okay.
Operator: Well go to line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Robbie Fatta: Hi, good morning. Its actually Robbie Fatta in for John today. Just another question on Shrewsbury, it was great to hear that margins arent expected to be impacted in 2016. But will we see any impact in the second half of this year? Are there any costs that you had to incur ahead of the opening of Q1? Thanks.
Jim Foster: No, you wont see it. There are some costs thats in our forecast, in our guidance. We anticipate some capital expenditures and some modest operating expenditures to hire some people and get the facility shipshape. Given the scale of the amount of space that we are opening, and the timeframe over which were opening, and how strong the safety assessment business is at the current time, you wont see any impact.
Robbie Fatta: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Well go to line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks. I guess most my questions have been covered on Shrewsbury or Charles River Massachusetts. I guess Ill just pile on though with one last one. Any commentary at least on initial thinking for percent of total square footage to be open, number of rooms, if you want to do it that way? How many clients? You originally said when you first previewed this theme that you would hope to have maybe two or three anchor clients coming into the site. Im just curious if you still hold to that thought process, or are you thinking perhaps opening up to a broader audience more quickly, and not necessarily having one or two anchor clients? Thanks very much.
Jim Foster: So look in a perfect world, particularly for the tox side, wed like a few large clients to anchor it. That may or may not happen, Eric, but we will see. I dont think we can actually drive it that way. But given the types of clients that are interested, its likely we will have a large pharma/big biotech clients in there. Thats not the way were opening it up though. Were opening it with non-GLP. There are host of clients that we will be servicing in that in the facility for those purposes. Were not going to give the exact amount. I would say that you should just take it as a relatively modest amount of the facility will be open. A manageable amount of the facility will be opened, subject to the caveat that if demand is extremely intense, which obviously would be delighted with, we can quite readily open additional portions of it as you may recall. There are corridors of space, and we can bring those on over time. The basic HVAC systems will be up and running, but we wont have the GLP quality validation of the infrastructure until were clear that were going to have a significant number or meaningful number of GLP quality clients. So were doing it in a very measured way. We are excited about opening it, given the amount of business thats nearby. The safety assessment business is so strong and growing so well and so profitable that we want to do it in a measured fashion, have the ability to have additional capacity, have our clients know that, but not bring on so much, so quickly that it adversely impacts our financial results.
Operator: Well go to line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Jim, just a question on the visibility on Argenta and the BioFocus pipeline. Given the softness you saw in 2Q obviously you had the contract termination, but you did talk about longer decision times as well. Can you maybe just talk about whether the trajectory of that business has changed meaningfully since you acquired it?
Jim Foster: Yes. The trajectory of the business and our rationale for buying it is as strong as ever. It certainly has opened up much more interesting and meaningful and expanded client conversation with legacy Charles River clients. Weve also had the opportunity to introduce the Argenta BioFocus capability to large Charles River clients and have gotten some work as a result of that. I would say that the timeframe to negotiate and execute larger integrated deals takes a while. Not necessarily longer than we thought, but its probably 12 months to 18 months. Theyre complicated. Theyre expensive, and they require sort of a lot of strategic input from the client. Were having lots of conversations. Were getting a lots of interest in traction. Id say the core business is strong. Weve moved into new facilities. The Argenta and BioFocus, which have been individual entities are working much more closely together. We brought them into the Charles River fold from a certainly marketing and selling point of view but from portfolio presentation point of view. We still feel very good about it.
Tycho Peterson: And then if I can ask for a quick clarification to the point earlier, on Shrewsbury, you have in the past talked about breakeven in the first year. I just want to make sure youre still committed to that. Then on AstraZeneca, any change in the margin profile from the five-year deal versus the three-year deal?
Jim Foster: Were committed to not having Shrewsbury be a drag. And AstraZeneca will be at least a financially beneficial going forward as it has been historically.
Tycho Peterson: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Well go to Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Julie Murphy: Hi, this is Julie Murphy in for Ricky. I just want to ask about the broader pricing environment, and I guess the general trends you are seeing there. And then more specifically, as you think about bringing capacity back online, can you talk about pricing and how youll ensure it doesnt come under pressure?
Jim Foster: Yes. If youre talking specifically about safety assessment, which I think you are, were getting about 5% price which is compatible with what we saw in the first quarter. Were getting some pure price. Its hard to tease it out, maybe 1% or 2%, and were getting the benefits of change orders that were getting from clients which is quite usual for this business. Last of the four or five years there was less of that because studies were more stripped down. So studies are is more complex now. So clients will be in the midst of studies, and they will be excited about the compound, and they will want to drive that study faster and more expansively, and they will add on testing an additional endpoints. And we are  thats part of the pricing increase paradigm. So its hard to predict where thats going to go. Were delighted that its around 5%. We didnt plan for that in our operating plan. We didnt think it would be that strong. And certainly at the beginning of the year, our guidance didnt necessarily contemplate that, but were delighted to have it. As I said previously, were confident in our ability to open Shrewsbury for non-GLP that purposes without it dragging operating line.
Julie Murphy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well go to Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is Luke on for Ross. I just wanted to touch on Shrewsbury more of like broad strokes on it. How does the cycle of the biotech funding remind you of the last one, where you guys were able to be proactive and close the facility before the end of the cycle? And kind of what leading indicators do you guys look at to see what the demand is going in the overall decision of opening Shrewsbury?
Jim Foster: It doesnt remind us of the cycle before at all. I think historical trends and actual results in this business are not necessary indicators of anything and not just positive and arent even helpful. What we have to think about where we are now. We have a totally different marketplace where biotech has come of age. They have drugs and profits and extraordinary pipelines and are principally providing at least half the compounds that are getting to market, many by big pharma. So thats quite different. We have major infrastructure reductions by many of the pharma companies. That wasnt the case. We have huge amounts of funding coming in to biotech clients, not just from the capital markets but directly from big pharma. And so were quite confident that biotech is here to stay, that biotech is if you think about the immunotherapies in particular, the really powerful ways not just to treat, but perhaps to cure diseases, including cancer. And so Id say the market dynamics are much better. Our competitive position is stronger. Were being actually very careful about the way we open Shrewsbury, probably just because of how painful it was before. Had we not had that history, I dont know. Maybe we would be more aggressive with the way were opening it. But weve got a really strong backlog. Our space is essentially full. Our margins are way up. Demand is extraordinary, getting more price. I would say we have every indicator that we could. We continue to take market share. This is the only facility thats within a stones throw of major biotech and pharma research, and its time to open. Its just become increasingly clear to us. So were quite confidence with vision, and we can kind of open the balance of it as quickly or as slowly as the market indicates with demand. So thats also works to our strength.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Well go to line of Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Allen Lutz: This is Allen in for Garen. Can you guys just provide some commentary on how the Cures Act could ultimately impact your business?
Susan Hardy: Im sorry. On the what?
Allen Lutz: The Cures Act.
Susan Hardy: [indiscernible] Youre talking about the one in Europe?
Allen Lutz: The 21st Century Cures Act.
Susan Hardy: Im sorry, Allen, youll have to give us a little more insight into the question.
Allen Lutz: Got it. So it would increase funding for the NIH, and theoretically the NCI, just sort of broad assumptions around that.
Jim Foster: Ill believe that when we see it. Probably NIH has really been fully funded. Look I mean obviously, that would be modestly beneficial to us. We have a meaningful amount of work thats academic related, so directly government or folks funded by the NIH, so that would be great. So I think we have a modest benefit of that. NCI obviously as a significant spender in cancer, but I would say that theyre substantially dwarfed by the pharma companies that are working on oncology. So happy to see it. Believe it when we see it. Its probably a smaller impact for a Company like Charles River which is principally commercially oriented than some of the other tools, companies let say that sell principally to the academic institution.
Allen Lutz: Got it. And then one follow-up, you guys mentioned an increase and model sales in China. Are you seeing any changes in that market just given some of the macro headwinds that they are facing?
Jim Foster: No, we really havent. We dont expect to. I mean I get your question. Its a good one. Its a really nascent research market, little bit unsophisticated. Not a lot of money has gone into it on the research model side, relatively unsophisticated market in terms of understanding quality of animals used. I dont know what the percentage is in China, but the percentage of the cost to producing the percentage, the animal cost is a percentage of the cost of making a drug is probably, I dont know, a 10th of 1%. It used to be 1%. Its probably way below that now. In China, its insignificant as well. So were working hard at bringing quality animals to China as we did in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Its kind of a critical resource in terms of drug development. I would be surprised if some of that economic headwinds that youre pointing at or two, whether its stock market, or just general pull-backs on currency, or whatever will have any impact on the purchase  the way people are purchasing research models.
Allen Lutz: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Well go to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Security. Please go ahead.
Tim Evans: Thank you. Jim  or maybe Tom, whoever wants to take it, we are at a situation here in which youve done a good job on our DSA margin. Youve done a really good job in your manufacturing margin, and both of those are kind of above, at or above the long-term targets that you have given. How should we be thinking about that going forward? Should we be looking for those long-term targets to reset higher, or should we expect things like Shrewsbury would ultimately limit that margin expansion beyond those targets that youve already reached?
Tom Ackerman: Thanks, Tim. Were certainly delighted with where our margins are, and recognize that we have more work to do. So I  where we are currently is in line, as you said, with what weve talked about as targets. So I do think thats something that we need to think about. We have always said that from quarter-to-quarter, there will be some variability in our margins due to demand, mix, and things like that so. While were delighted, and I do think in the near term that margins will continue to be strong. We are continuing to think about where our long-term target should be. As you mentioned earlier, we are probably seeing a little more price than we thought we would this year. We are certainly seeing more demand than we thought we would. So I think all of that will play into, as we begin putting together our 2016 plan and having our strategic discussions, we will certainly focus more on those and see where we think we are headed.
Jim Foster: So what we did, 20% for the quarter, which we were delighted by, it has been our corporate target. It is at quarter. We want to first deliver that for a year. We have ongoing efficiency initiatives across all of our businesses. We hope to get more price and a better mix, kind of directionally, our hope and our goal is to continue to drive margin improvements. I think its a really good question because were in the low 30%, and manufacturing support and over 20% in the DSA business, and already the high 20% in RMS. So weve  at least for the moment kind of achieved our targets. Wed like to do it for a sustained period of time, and then well take a look at the reality of being able to increase those long-term goals.
Tim Evans: Great. And then one quick point of clarification, did I understand correctly that your 5% pricing comment would be composed of 1% to 2% pure pricing, and then Ill call it 3% to 4% of change order activity?
Jim Foster: Its kind of hard to tease it out. So yes, its probably closer to a couple of points of smart pricing. And then the rest are change orders.
Tim Evans: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. Well go to Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley: Thanks for taking the follow-up. So a little bit of a pivot off of Tims question there, so you I think had taken some cost actions in RMS that were helping to improve the profitability sequentially in 2Q. And that happened, and it was nice to see. And I know you typically have and I think youve commented on the revenue seasonality for RMS in the back half of the year. Are there still benefits from cost actions that will flow through the back half and kind of keep the margin up, or should we expect margin to also compress in the back half, similar to that  similar to the revenue seasonality? I just want to drill into that a little bit more?
Tom Ackerman: Dave, a lot of the efficiencies that we are obviously put in place. I dont want to say in perpetuity, that was the first thing that popped in, but they will continue without question. And some of those are larger things like the consolidations weve talked about in Japan and North America, as well as in addition to another  number of other efficiencies in barrier rooms or certain areas of production and service. So we did have a nice sequential gain. We were up very modestly over last year, and as we look to the remainder of the year, we did talk about seasonality as being a mechanism to drive down sequential margin. But I think compared to 2014, I would expect our margins to be up in RMS on a year-over-year basis, but not sequentially.
Dave Windley: Okay. Thank you. And on the topic  staying on the topic, thinking longer term, I know, Jim, youve talked about automating some data capture or recording processes in barrier rooms and things like that. Are those longer term efficiency initiatives complete at this point, or is there a pretty healthy list kind of lean initiatives that youre still pursuing?
Jim Foster: Theyre not complete. And we began to roll them out early at some of our sites, and I think there is a meaningful opportunity to get the margin benefits of those across the world. And so we would be guardedly optimistic that we continue to drive margin improvement in the core research models business, which as you indicated, and has been way too manual for probably too longer time. And were excited about being able to sort of enhance our ability to monitor lots of things more quickly, and costs are the result of that.
Dave Windley: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and speakers, I will turn it back to you for closing comments.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. And we hope you will join us again on Tuesday, August 11, in New York for our Investor Day. If you need more information, please give me a call, or send an email to susan.hardy@crl.com. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - VP, IR Jim Foster - President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: John Kreger - William Blair Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan David Windley - Jefferies Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird Jeff Bailin - Credit Suisse Ross Muken - Evercore Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Adam Wieschhaus - Cowen and Company Rafael Tejada - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories first quarter 2015 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our first quarter results and update guidance for 2015. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 357368. The replay will be available through May 14th. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 17, 2015, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website, through the Financial Information link. Jim, please go ahead.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our first quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported revenue of $320.4 million in the first quarter of 2015, a 12.8% increase over the previous year in constant dollars. Our early discovery acquisitions contributed 8% to first quarter revenue growth and from an organic perspective the Safety Assessment and EMD businesses were the primary contributors. Sales to mid-tier biotechnology clients again generated a double-digit revenue increase as robust funding enabled these clients to continue to invest in their pipeline and they chose to partner with us because of our broad early stage drug research portfolio and extensive scientific expertise. The operating margin declined 80 basis points year-over-year to 16.2%. The DSA segment reported a significant 600 basis points increase in this operating margin, but the improvement was offset by margin declines in RMS and Manufacturing as well as higher corporate costs.  As you know because of our high fixed cost base, lower sales volume has a disproportionate impact on the operating margin which is amply demonstrated in the first quarter. In addition we have undertaken efficiency initiatives like the facility consolidation of Japan which have yet to yield cost reduction. We recognize costs of these initiatives in the first quarter but don't expect to gain the benefits of the second quarter of this year. Earnings per share were $0.79 in the first quarter, a decrease of 3.7% from $0.82 in the first quarter of 2014. The year-over-year decline was due in part for lower RMS revenue and the negative impact of foreign exchange, but the largest factor was the gains from limited partnership investment. Gains were only $0.02 per share in the first quarter this year compared to $0.08 in the first quarter of 2014. Despite the lower than expected first quarter results we have not changed our perspective on our full year performance. There were improving trends in March and April, including higher sample volume for biologics and increases in enquiries and backlog for the Safety Assessment business. In fact based on the strength of Safety Assessment we are increasing our guidance constant currency revenue growth to a range 6.5% to 8%.  Because the foreign exchange impact is greater than anticipated, we are reiterating our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $3.55 to $3.65. This represents an earnings increase of approximately 4% over last year at the midpoint, but as we mentioned when we issued guidance in February you should note than when adjusting both 2015 and 2014 for gains on limited partnership investments and foreign exchange, the EPS growth rate would be 12%. We continue to believe that the Company is very well positioned to win new business in 2015. There is great potential for expanding existing and winning new strategic relationships and from market share gains. We have a robust pipeline of acquisition candidates and execution of any of these acquisitions will enable us to expand the support we can offer our clients. I'd like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $120 million, a decline of 2.6% in constant currency as higher revenue from product sales was offset by lower service revenue. As was the case in the fourth quarter, sales of research models in North America increased significantly. This was primarily due to sales of NCI model which are now recorded as product sales instead of services due to the termination of the NCI contract last fall. We have successfully executed our plan to transition researchers to directly purchasing their models from us and in fact believe that a portion of the anticipated contract loss is being offset by a greater than expected conversion rate. The increase in demand for inbred and immunodeficient models which we experienced last year continued in the first quarter. We believe that trend is being driven primarily by oncology research where positive results from immunotherapies are driving increased investment. We also had strong revenue growth from China where we have established Charles River as a high quality provider research model. Revenue in Europe and Japan continued to be soft, consistent with our experience in 2014. As expected, revenue for research model services declined in the first quarter as a result of the loss of the NCI contract and a significant colony reduction by one GEM client. When we noted the GEMS reduction in the third quarter of last year, we commented that it's was the result of the clients normal assessment of the continued need for these specific model and was not indicative of any shift away from genetically engineered models or from our GEMS business. We still believe this is the case but we also believe that the nexus of the human genome project and the availability of new model creation technologies is enabling researchers to rapidly create these models with precise multi gene manipulations which can add to specific questions about the molecular basis of disease and whether a particular drug impacts it. As a result, the translational value of the models is improving providing researches with better information on which to make decisions about potential therapy. This technology now enables easier and more rapid model creation. We can foresee an evolution of our GEMs business over the next three to five years from primarily long term breeding to a combination of model creation to test specific hypotheses about the treatment of the disease in more short term breeding. We fully intend to play a leading role in this emerging opportunity and will adapt our business model support the needs of our client. We are currently exploring potential acquisitions, licensing agreement, partnerships to ensure that our GEMs business is well positioned to address the changes we expect as the market evolved. We have already attained a license use to CRISPR-Cas9 technology and we'll continue to assess the technology and services we should have in our portfolio. We will update you from time to time on our progress. In the first quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by 320 basis points to 26.3%, due primarily to lower sales of models in Europe and Japan, as well as lower revenue for services including GEM and in sourcing solutions. As was the case in the fourth quarter, our efficiency initiatives, particularly the facility rationalization in California and Michigan generated a significant benefit in the fourth quarter. However the benefit of our two facility consolidations in Japan will not contribute until second quarter of this year. We are continuing to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations and we maintain our belief that an annual RMS operating margin in the high-20% range is achievable. Manufacturing support segment reported revenue of $60.4 million which represented a growth rate of 5.7% in constant currency. The EMD business delivered strong growth, which was partly offset by the biologics business. Biologics normally has a soft first quarter as a result of low sample volume following the holidays. In addition, the comparison to last year was challenging because the business had an unusually strong first quarter. Volume improved in March and April, which gives us confidence that the Biologics business will report growth in subsequent quarters. We believe that revenue for this business will continue to increase annually because the business supports the development of biologic drugs, which are representing an increasing proportion of drugs in development. EMD business reported growth of approximately 10% in constant currency, driven by both PTS and core LAL technologies. The PTS franchise is continuing to drive EMD business as a result of our continuous product innovation. The PTS-Micro, which we introduced late last year, is generating significant interest from clients. PTS-Micro is a rapid test for bacterial contamination or bioburden, and like the PTS is an important advance over current testing technologies because it delivers significantly faster results than traditional Microbial testing methods. Our introduction of the PTS-Micro positions us as the only provider of real-time quality control monitoring products and services for pharmaceutical manufacturing, who can offer a combination of FDA-licensed rapid endotoxin testing, rapid bioburden testing and microbial identification, utilizing Accugenix's extensive bacteria libraries. We believe this is a clear distraction between Charles River and other competitors.  Like our introduction of the PTS, we expect sales of the PTS-Micro to ramp slowly over the next few years. So we believe that our ability provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a key driver of our goal for the EMD business, continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue for the pursuable future. Manufacturing segment's first quarter operating margin was 29.9%, a decline of 220 basis points year-over-year. The decline was due primarily to two factors, lower revenue from the biologics business, and the impact of foreign exchange on the EMD margin. Tom will explain EMD in more detail shortly, but I will say that as the biologics revenue trend improves in the second quarter we expect that the manufacturing segment margin will be the low-30% range which we consider to be a sustainable level. DSA revenue was a $140 million in the first quarter, a 36.3% increase in constant currency with the early discovery business contributing 22.9% quarter growth. We are pleased with the acquisition of Argenta, BioFocus, and ChanTest which have expanded our relevance to clients and also with the integration which continue to progress extremely well. We have accomplished the initial tasks which were critical for operations and are moving ahead with strategic integration initiatives designed to enhance the connectivity between the early discovery businesses and the balance of the Charles River portfolio.  These initiatives are a major focus for 2015, as we believe that they are pivotal to our ability to generate revenue synergies which we anticipated in our acquisition plan. We are continuing with our outreach to heads of R&D and other decision makers as the leading biopharmaceutical companies as well as many of the larger mid-tier company. The addition of discovery assets to our early stage drug research portfolio has allowed us to expand discussions with existing clients about plying a larger role in the research effort, and has opened an avenue for discussion with potential new clients.  We are fundamentally changing the conversation as we can now support the early stage drug research process. Our broader portfolio allows us to begin discussions with clients earlier and the system and the process of planning our approach to outsourcing discovery. Much like safety assessment 15 years ago, many of our clients are in the process of evaluating like capabilities need to be maintained in house and which could be outsourced. Our value position is compelling because partnering with Charles River allows our clients to outsource more services to a single provider improving the efficiency of their drug research efforts and speeding time to market. The selling cycle is somewhat longer for integrated drug program, but we have already won new business, as a result of our expanded portfolio and are optimistic that clients will continue to Charles River as their outsourcing partner.  For the second consecutive quarter safety assessment business reported a low double-digit revenue increase over the prior year quarter. We were exceptionally pleased with this performance which resulted from a combination of improved client demand from those global and mid-tier clients as well as study, mix and pricing. The years of effort we made to improve our operating efficiency while continuing to invest in our scientific expertise, enhance our sales efforts and build stronger relationships with existing and potential clients are paying off now and the safety assessment market is returning to a growth level. We have differentiated ourselves from the competition and clients appreciate the value we bring to the research efforts and the emphases we place on individualized service. As our backlog has grown and we approach full capacity, we are now seeing a definite improvement in pricing. The combination of increased spot market can change order pricing yielded a 5% increase in overall pricing in the first quarter, the first significant improvement since the economic downturn.  Because of our sustained focus on improving the efficiency and productivity of the safety assessment business, leverage from higher revenues was the significant contributor to the operating margin. The safety assessment business exceeded our segment goal of a 20% operating margin and was the primary driver of DSA segment's 600 basis points operating margin improvement in the first quarter of last year. At 19.8% the DSA segment is very close to our 20% goal, although I remind you that margin improvement there is based on a number of factors and should be evaluated on an annual rather than quarterly basis.  As capacity has filled, we have opened the small numbers of study rooms in order to accommodate clients demand for our services. Utilizing this approach, we have been able to add capacity without a material impact on the operating margin. We are continuing with this approach in 2015 and intend to open 15 rooms in Ohio in the second quarter, and additional rooms in Sherbrooke, our Montreal satellite facility towards the end of the third quarter. This will give us sufficient capacity to meet our needs in 2015. We are constantly developing our plans in these capacity requirement for 2016. The success of our targeted sales strategies with our global accounts and mid-tier biotechnology clients was the primary driver of the DSA segments first quarter growth. We have continued to take market share in both of these segments, as the breadth of our portfolio, scientific expertise, and our best-in-class client support resonates with clients. Excluding the acquired early Discovery businesses and foreign exchange, DSA sales to both mid-tier and global clients increased to low-double digits, and when looking at total company revenue in the first quarter, sales to global and mid-tier clients also increased, despite continuing consolidation in the biopharmaceutical industry, particularly in Europe and Japan. We are continuing to execute our sales and marketing strategies, meet with heads of R&D and senior decision makers at our global accounts and large and mid-tier clients. We have been successful at expanding many of our strategic relationships with both global and mid-tier clients as evidenced by the fact that at nearly 30%, these relationships represented an increase percentage of our total revenue in 2014. We in ongoing discussions to expand additional strategic client relationships and are diligently pursuing new ones. Strategies I have discussed with you overtime, portfolio expansion, sales targeting, scientific expertise, investment in personnel, and efficiency initiatives are key to our ability to provide a compelling value proposition for our client's early stage drug research effort. We are pursuing all of these strategies in order to maintain and enhance our position as the leading early stage drug research CRO. This is especially important now, when focus on early-stage research is increasing, and biopharmaceutical companies are identifying more opportunities to outsource capabilities which they formerly maintained in-house. We believe these changes afford us a unique opportunity to continue to gain market share, and we intend to capitalize on the opportunity by leveraging the investments we have made, and new ones we intend to make. While we do not view any single strategy as more important than the others, we believe that continuing to broaden our early-stage portfolio will definitely increase our relevance to clients. We intend to continue to identify and acquire businesses and technologies, primarily upstream, but also for other growth areas of our business. Such additions will enhance the role we can play in supporting our client's early stage drug research process by providing critical capabilities and expertise which they do not have in-house, or which enabled them to eliminate internal investment. We believe that global biopharmaceutical, mid-tier biotech, and academic clients are searching for the right partner to support them by taking on a broader role within their organization, and Charles River intends to be that partner. In conclusion I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I would like to ask Tom Ackerman to give you additional details on our first quarter results. 
Tom Ackerman: Thank you Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our first quarter financial performance and outlook for the remainder of the year, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. We experienced a slower than anticipate start to the year based on a number of factors that effected our operating results, including foreign exchange. We believe the slow start for few of our business was stringent and remain on track to achieve our EPS guidance for the year. I will now provide additional information on foreign exchange, operating margins and the limited partnership investment gains, each of which had a significant impact on our first quarter results as well as our outlook for the year. Foreign exchange was the most significant headwind affecting our 2015 guidance and has become a larger headwind since we provided guidance in mid-February, due to the continued strengthening of the U.S dollar. FX reduced revenue growth by 5.8% in the first quarter, which was slightly higher than we previously anticipated and reduced EPS by $0.03. For the full year, based on current rates, FX is now expected to reduce revenue by approximately 5.5% of the last year, and EPS by an incremental $0.05 for a total of $0.17 per share in 2015. Foreign exchange has also become an increasingly relevant factor with regard to our EMD business. We have expanded our global EMD business rapidly over the last decade. The international expansion, coupled with the fact that EMD business manufactures products in the U.S. and distributes them globally with the resulting sales recorded in the local currencies has intensified the manufacturing segment's exposure to foreign exchange. The continued strengthening of the U.S dollar caused a meaningful revenue and operating margin headwind in 2015, which drove almost half of the manufacturing segment's operating margin decline in the first quarter by 90 basis points. In addition to this foreign exchange impact, the first quarter operating margin was lower than expected, due primarily to two factors; first, as result of our high fixed cost base, a slower start for a few of our businesses had a disproportionate impact on the consolidated operating margin. Second, expenses were higher in the quarter as a result of increased corporate and other discrete costs that are not expected to continue at the same level. We believe that the offset to the slower than effective start in the first quarter and the incremental foreign exchange headwind in 2015 will be accomplished in several ways.  First, we expect the strong safety assessment trends will continue over the course of the year, which is supported by improving KPIs including an increased backlog. Primarily as a result of our improved outlook for safety assessment growth, we raised our constant currency revenue growth guidance by 50 basis points to a range of 6.5% to 8%. We also believe that most of our businesses that reported slower than expected results in the first quarter will improve in the second quarter and for the year. We see evidence of this through improving trends in March and April. For examples biologics has a seasonally late [indiscernible] volume at the beginning of the year which improved thereafter. The RMS segment growth rate is also expected to improve modestly in the second half of the year. We are cautiously optimistic that the global models business will stabilize. And the services businesses will face easier year-over-year comparisons in the second half of the year as we anniversary the termination of the NCI and other smaller government contracts in the insourcing solutions business and the reduction of a client colony in GEMS. In addition, we are tightly managing discretionary spending and have identified additional savings in 2015.  As a result of these factors, we are confident that we remain on track to achieve our non-GAAP EPS guidance of $3.55 to $3.65 for the year or $3.72 to $3.82 on excluding foreign exchange. In addition to FX, the other significant headwind affecting our 2015 guidance was the limited partnership investment gains related to our investments in life science venture capital fund. Our outlook for these investment gains remains largely in line with our February guidance, but continues to be a headwind compared to 2014. In the first quarter we reported an investment gain of $0.02 per share versus a larger benefit of $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2014. For the full year we expect to generate a modest gain of $0.04 per share, which creates an $0.08 headwind from the $0.12 of investment gains that we reported in 2014.  Normalizing for both FX and the investment gains in 2014 and 2015, we would be positioned to generate EPS growth of approximately 12% in 2015 at the midpoint of our guidance range. I will now discuss some of the other income statement items that affected the first quarter. Unallocated corporate cost increased $3.1 million year-over-year to $25.6 million in the first quarter of 2015. The increase was primarily driven by higher stock compensation expense, due in large part to the PSUs, which adjust after the first year based on financial performance. Because of the significant 2014 financial out performance, the base number of PSUs was adjusted upward. In addition first quarter 2015 included 2014 PSU expense for a full quarter, compared to a partial quarter in the first quarter of 2014. Primarily as a result of stock compensation expense, including the PSUs and a new retirement vesting provision, unallocated corporate cost in 2015 are expected to be slightly above our prior outlook of approximately 6.5% of revenue. Unallocated costs are typically higher in the first half of the year though some moderation can be expected from the current quarterly run rate. Net interest expense was $2.6 million in the first quarter, which was unchanged from the prior year and $200,000 higher than the fourth quarter. We continue to expect net-interest expense to be in a range of $12 million to $14 million in 2015. This outlook primarily reflects an expectation that LIBOR rates will begin to edge higher later in the year. Last week, we disclosed that we amended our credit agreement. We did so for two reasons, to reduce our interest rate by capitalizing on our current leverage ratio which is slightly below 2.5 times, and to expand the revolving credit facility to provide additional capacity for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. The new facility includes a $400 million U.S. term loan and revolver of less than 900 million, a portion of which can be drawn in foreign currencies. The drawn amount for the new facility were $361.8 million on the revolver, denominated in U.S. dollar, euros and British pounds and the full $400 million on the term loan. These amounts are similar to the balances on our former credit facility at the end of the first quarter. The interest rate spread at our current leverage ratio was LIBOR plus 112.5 basis points compared to LIBOR plus 125 basis points over the former credit facility. The term loan matures in 2020, extending the tenant by two years. In the first quarter the non-GAAP tax rate decreased by 100 basis points year-over-year to 26.4%. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower realized gains from our limited partnership investments, which are taxed at the higher U.S. rate. Because of normal quarterly fluctuations based on the earnings mix through the year, we remain comfortable with our non-GAAP tax rate outlook of 27% to 28% of the year. In addition there is pending tax legislation related to R&D tax credits in Canada that if enacted, could modestly increase our tax rate from current levels. Free cash flow declined to $0.6 million in the first quarter of 2015 from $17.3 million last year. This significant decline was primarily driven by two large items that reduced operating cash flow in the quarter. First, performance-based cash bonus payments were approximately [indiscernible] higher than last year due to the Company's outperformance in 2015. This was included in free cash flow guidance for 2015. The second item was related to the timing of cash inflows and outflows associated with certain tax items. Timing reduced operating cash flow by approximately $7 million in the first quarter but is expected to normalize over the course of the year and will not have a meaningful impact on full-year. As a result, we remain on track achieve free cash flow of $195 million to $205 million in 2015. At $10.6 million first quarter capital expenditures were slightly lower than last year. However our CapEx outlook for the year continues to be approximately 70 million. As Jim mentioned, we are working on projects to expand capacity in our Safety Assessment business, including adding rooms in Sherbrooke and Ohio, and for other growth businesses. Our capital priorities have remained unchanged and our top priority remain M&A. As Jim noted, we continue evaluate multiple acquisition candidates and intend to pursue M&A opportunities in 2015. We continued to buy back shares in the first quarter, repurchasing 683,000 of shares of our common stock $50 million. We have $128.5 million available on the current authorization at the end of the first quarter. Our current goal for stock repurchases offset dilution from option exercises and equity grants in 2015. So we continue to expect our average share count will remain relatively flat. I remind you that we regularly evaluate our capital priorities over the course of the year and often may invest more or less in certain areas depending on a number of factors, including the availability and timing of potential acquisitions. To conclude, I will comment on our outlook for the second quarter and 2015. The second quarter we expect a sequential improvement will be most visible in the DSA and manufacturing segment, and we also expect margin improvement in the RMS business. Consolidated revenue will increase nicely in the second quarter, both sequentially and year-over-year and constant currency, but based solely on the significant foreign exchange headwind, second quarter revenue is expected to decline a low single digit rate compared to second quarter of last year. Earnings per share will be similar to or slightly below the $0.97 that we reported in the second quarter of 2014. Based on the improving trends in March and April, the enhanced growth prospect, the Safety Assessment and the confidence that we have in the outlook for the remainder of the year, we expect 2015 consolidated revenue and operating margin to improve substantially from the slower-than-expected start to the year for some of our businesses. Our segment outlook for 2015 is unchanged. We continue to anticipate that RMS revenue will be essentially flat on a constant currency basis, with the DA segment generating low-double-digit growth, including the benefit from Early Discovery acquisitions and the manufacturing segment remaining on track to achieve high-single-digit revenue growth.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments the operator will take your questions now. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question will go to John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
John Kreger : On the models business, are you seeing any change in a competitive pricing dynamics, given some of the recent consolidation there? 
Jim Foster: I would say not. Everybody is getting price. But we're seeing 2% or 3%. Everybody typically raises price although we dont all do at the same time. I think on a price list basis, our competitors actually raised their prices slightly higher than we did. But one never knows how thats going to hit the market from a discounted basis. It's really different for different trend and models for different competitors. But I would say that everyone has raised prices and god knows increase prices meaningfully.
John Kreger : Tom, does the guidance assume an improvement in the models business in Europe and Japan? Or are you assuming more of the same for the rest of the year? 
Tom Ackerman: It includes a modest increase in the overseas markets.
Jim Foster: And it also includes an improvement in earnings in Japan because we get the benefit of consolidation of facilities in the second quarter. So we've already done it but the cost benefit begins to accrue to us then. So you're going to see the margin begin to move back up in that business total. 
John Kreger : And one last one, as you try to bring on some additional capacity for safety assessment, if and when you decide to bring on -- open up some of Shrewsberry, can that also be done in a way that does not impact margin significantly for that segment?
Jim Foster: We still have a team studying Shrewsberry and interfacing with clients in particular in the Cambridge and Boston life sciences hub, to get their demand quotient. I would say that our initial thinking continues to that we will open a portion of that facility principally for non-GLP work, so in-vivo pharmacology and pharmacokinetics things like that, hire the staff, get them trained up to do that work, were quite confident we will be to do with the little over no drag at all to operating margin. And of course we can use literally the same space and the same people, trained slightly differently to do GLP tox work. So we should be able to liaise into that relatively in the not too distant future although we'd to validate equipment and stuff. So we wouldnt will be able to do that overnight. So unlike the way we did it the first time, which is opening in very large, very expensive facility, we have no intentions of doing that again. When we do, were going to gradually do it.
Operator: And we will go to line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Tycho Peterson : Jim, you commented that the selling cycle is getting a little bit longer for the integrated drug programs. We've heard similar comments from some of the other CROs. Can you maybe just talk about start delays, whether some of the starts are kind of getting pushed off? And as the integrated drug programs are becoming a little bit more complex, how was the pricing discussion evolving?
Jim Foster: I wouldn't say that they're getting pushed off. Clients really enthused with the prospect that we can take them literally from target IDs through IND filing. They are really enthused with the reality that we can hopefully find them a target with an integrated program which takes a few years and a few million dollars. Were still working really hard to just even get the word out there that we do this now, and who is this Argenta and BioFocus, and can they really do what we say they can. So you dont have to meet our senior scientist and we have talked through the pricing and the timeframe and what we actually deliver and what we have historically done for other clients. I think were doing that really well. I've had a lot of the conversations myself with R&D heads from almost all the major pharma companies and many of the largest biotech companies and they're all quite interested. They have different levels of potential engagement. So I would say it's more just working through the details and the complexities, making sure that were able to do what they want to do. And when we say it's taking longer, it just a little bit longer than we had anticipated, but I don't think anything has changed and I think that their former technology, or the technology of Argenta and BioFocus is a part of our portfolio. It's much more powerful sale and conversation with the clients, and of course now we have the connectivity between that Early Discovery work and the non-GLP work, and then hopefully eventually the tox work. So yes, were still quite enthused with the prospect. 
Tycho Peterson : And then can you comment little a bit more in the weakness in GEMS? I know you have also talked about investments in that business in [indiscernible] and some of these other technologies. But whats driving the weakness right now?
Jim Foster: A couple of things. As we indicated, we have one really large client who rather quickly reduced their colony sizes. It has nothing to do with us, has nothing to do with anything except the utility of those models or the work that they were doing and this particular client moves really quicker. We've tried to talk to you about that in the third quarter. And what we have started to talk about is that we think that this is beginning of scientific change in a way the business is operated, there are really robust technologies, which we have the license for to create models, more models more quickly than a multi-genetic knockout. And we think that the breeding work associated with that will be lots of shorter term contracts with some churn as supposed to kind of these long-term contracts where clients were trying to figure out the utility of the model. The utility of these models now have will be much better because of the strength of the generic mapping and translation benefits that they will give clients. So were actually really excited about it. I was actually in a conversation yesterday with some of the world's leading oncology experts and I was really pleased listening them talk about how important GEMS models are to their research, and the fact that they get increasingly better, because this is so exquisite industry from a generic point of view and thats actually getting really good information thats extrapolatable to cancer patients. So in some ways we're more enthused with the future of the business, that just like so many of our businesses, kind of hard to look at in the quarter to quarter basis.
Tycho Peterson : Okay, last one on pricing. It was good to hear about the 5% increase in the quarter for DSA. Are you willing to take a look at shot at where you think pricing could end up for the year for DSA?
Jim Foster: I think thats probably not really a good idea. We're really pleased that we're seeing exactly what we thought. So that capacity is selling. So clients are more eager to get their work in the queue. We have a really good mix of specialty versus general tox. It's really, really complex studies that are requiring some change orders while they're actually in progress, and with the light of it, our operating margin is already better than our goal. Pricing is still materially lower than it was at the high point kind of in 2007 and 2008. So I would just say that directionally we do think we'll get more price. We do think that all of those factors that I just indicated, including and particularly mix will continue to be enhanced. And we're pretty excited about the growth rate and the margin contribution of this business, which was obviously very challenging for four years or so. And we worked really hard to get it to this point and thats gratifying to be here now.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of David Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
David Windley : John kind of asked one part of my question, which was around Shrewsberry? And I guess combining Tycho and John's questions together, Jim, could you comment on the work, the rooms that you're bringing on in Sherbrooke and Ohio that you commented on? And given what appears to be pretty good growth in DSA, I presume GLP driving at least part of that, will these rooms that you're bringing on last you as you had previously signaled to us? And on Shrewsberry, what do you think is your trigger? What gets you comfortable enough to authorize spending on Shrewsberry to really move toward opening that and out of just an evaluation period? 
Jim Foster: That was a great question. So our Ohio facility I would say is a particularly efficient compared to some of our other sites, pretty low cost operation, does really good work, and we built very creative and very flexible new building that we actually stopped. We were 80% completed and over the last few years we've began to finish it a few rungs at a time, which I think was a thoughtful way to do it, because we knew we had the envelope. So getting the run time was pretty straight forward. So we love that site. We have lot of really large and solid clients there. We liked the growth rate and that will help us to launch for '15 and that site will be beneficial to accommodate work right to release some meaningful portion of '16. Sherbrooke operation is a satellite operations that we've build and scratch for the month that we acquired and we did in the rest of 2004. Also very I think creatively built facility, slightly lower cost than the core Montreal facility and built for flexibility. And so what we're doing now is creatively adding additional space in the footprint that we have. But the building was built to grow a 100,000 feet tranche at a time with the current HVAC infrastructure. So we'll be able to sort of push that facility out -- push the walls out and add to it relatively quickly. So we're thinking of that both short term and longer term to accommodate growth for this year and beyond. I would also just remind you that we have some opportunities in Edinboro, and what we call the fallow states in Reno. So I think you've probably been there but its space that the shell is done, the HVAC is there. We just kind of finish the run. So it requires some capital to do it relatively quickly. So we have a fair amount of opportunities. Shrewsberry is a totally different analysis. It's a very, very big facility as you know. That's the challenge. The opportunity is that is less than an hour the major center of Biomedical Research and Biotechnology. We have increasingly -- increasing number of clients that are interested and asking when are you opening that. So we like the buzz. I think we have to seal a couple of things. We have to see that we can open it categorically for non GLP work with, I'd like to say worst case breakeven or some slight drag, but really slight. So that business is doing so well. Were kind of reluctant to open it up and have any adverse drag. I suppose this could change, but we don't see right now that we would open that immediately and do tox work. We have enough space and there is lot of positive buyers that uses a lot of our other facilities. Montreal's not that far away. So I can say this one saying, it will cause a trigger to make us go forward if discontinued conversations with client, continued refinement of our financial analysis and continuing to be confident with the apparent demand, change in demand quotient that were living with right now. 
David Windley: Thank you for that answer. If I could switch to RMS and asked just ask one question there? I apologize if I missed it. But I know you had FX drag there. Clearly volume must have also been down and then pricing was up, as you said, 2% to 3%. Is the volume environment in the RMS business actually softening more? I guess were thinking -- I'm thinking that Europe and Japan should be coming around on a lag to the North American recovery and models. And so kind of looking for that to stabilize or cycle back up eventually. But I'm wondering if the volume here in the first quarter actually softened even more.
Jim Foster: I would not say the volume is softening for us, and we have to be a little bit careful with talking about units as you know because different strange and species have totally different ASP. So while there is an overall unit decline principally in Europe and Japan because of continued facility reduction, there is some continued facility reduction in the States by the way. As you said, we are getting price. Were seeing pretty good sales of our progress to CROs and mid-tier. And so we we'd love the CRO portion because even work we don't get, we actually get a piece it by supplying them the animals. So we like that. As we pointed in the prepared remarks, we are seeing continued increase in immunodeficiency animals which have really ASPs and in inbreds, which have higher ASPs as well.  So the mix is directionally a positive one. The unit decline is totally predictable and logical and absolutely related to capacity, with the primary supplier of all these big R&D sites, many of which have closed in the last few years, probably a few more would close. I know great stage but it doesn't look like were going to have any lag around the mergers. I think thats how we goes well, sort of the additional massive reduction, and we'll see about that also. So at some point Europe and Japan will stabilize. Again we still get pricing there and we're still competitively priced, strong, though it's not about us. It's about those markets and as we've always seen, they absolutely lag the U.S. So I'm not surprised by that either. So David, it feels a little bit worse as I think probably to you and maybe others than it is because of the margin in the first quarter but as we pointed out, that margin will improve back up to the high-20s throughout the year. Were going to get the benefit of a Japan consolidation. Were going to continue to get the benefit of pricing and hopefully some share in the academic marketplace to mid-tier. So we feel it's good about the research business as we can, given the fact that this sort of multiyear decline in units, we feel that were holding our own. 
Operator: We will go to line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: First question, and I'm sorry if I missed this, you normally provide a breakout between research models, products and services in terms of revenue. I may have just missed it. But could you possibly give us those numbers?
Jim Foster: So you didn't miss it Eric. We've been thinking about this a lot, and the termination of the NCI contract crystallized this whole thing for us and we are finding ourselves saying well the North American research model business is up, but a lot of that has to do the NCI contract, and then we kind of stopped ourselves and said, well, yes, thats kind of the same business and were still producing and selling those animals, cancer researches around the world. We're actually selling more of them than we thought that we would. Isn't that the research model business well? Yes As is the GEMS business, as is the rads business, as is the [indiscernible] business, as we currently do it. So were going to report that sector as one sector and start nuancing the details that we think it's more confusing than elsewhere.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, and at risk of sounding frustrated on some of these smaller businesses that perhaps the Street pays less attention to or understands less well because of their size and limited public coverage, you do have some businesses like GEMS and biologics testing, in sourcing et cetera that to be fair, I really can't remember the last time you had a consistent year of performance in some of these businesses. And I guess the question really is just as you sit back and think about your portfolio, you've been moving to more integrated selling in sort of a soup to nuts model with clients, but are there any businesses that you look at in your portfolio where you ask yourself whether instead of investing more, perhaps you should invest less and perhaps exit because of the lack of a consistent market dynamic or consistent performance and how much it influences the overall Company when some of these higher fixed costs businesses go the wrong direction? 
Jim Foster: Certainly a fair and thoughtful question, Eric. I would say that we continuously, management on its own and with the board periodically often look at the portfolio, the value of the portfolio, whether we're getting returns on our investment, whether we like long show along from growth metrics, how we feel about the competitive scenario and margin contribution and whether we have things that are a distraction to our core strategy. So all I can tell you is that it is a continuing process, if and when and as we have businesses that we dont think are core any longer, and shouldnt be part of portfolio and our dispassion, we'll think about whether they should remain in the portfolio? I guess the inverse is that the fact that we have what we have would be supporting commentary to the fact that we like the portfolio a lot right now and if you look at things like biologics, which had some variability in it. But if you look at the power, you obviously understand this really well, that the power of these large molecules and how many are getting to market and what this portion versus small molecules, that just has to be a better long term and more consistent business for instance. The in sourcing solutions business, it's falling a little more slowly than we would have liked. And of course we have these government contracts in it, which makes it lumpier. But as clients reduce infrastructure or have no infrastructure or want to reduce headcount, we potentially provide a really good solution for them. So I think a lot of this is timing, kind of the way safety assessment has been and was now looks like it is and type of discovery has starting that way. As the drug industry utilizes external resources better, I think that some of the lumpier businesses, many of which are services by the way, I think we'll have more consistent yield for them.
Operator: We'll go to line of Jeff Bailin with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Bailin : If I could talk a little bit about the RMS margins, typically we see seasonally that those moderate in the second half of the year, but it sounds as though you're confident in the annual margins in the high 20% range. So are you suggesting that you think that maybe some of the efficiency initiatives and the consolidation in Japan should maybe help the Company buck that typical historical pattern? 
Tom Ackerman: That would be part of the answer as well as I think trends will be modestly better in a couple of our businesses. But the efficiencies will play into that as well. So thats it. You got anything else Jim?
Jim Foster: We think that a couple of the businesses that are problematic will get progressively better throughout the year. And we are confident with the sort of recent order activity and [indiscernible] and first quarter is been a little unpredictable in the core annual business. I'd say over the last few years needs to be categorically a stronger quarter than -- January has been a little bit funky. So second quarter tends to be a nice quarter for us. So there are several types of pieces to that segment. We think that Europe and Japan kind of continuously get better. And so we do remain confident subject to the predictable historical summer [indiscernible] bid of holidays at the end of the year. But in specific year-over-year drag, we feel pretty good about it.
Jeff Bailin : Thanks for all that color, and just a quick follow-up for Tom. Obviously the DSA margins were quite strong. But are you able to help us qualify how much the Canadian dollar might have impacted the margins in that segment this quarter?
Jim Foster: I'd have to double back on that. The Canadian currency does provide a benefit to us in the cost. We didnt break out that separately. So let me double back and we'll see if can get that to you.
Operator: We'll go to line of Ross Muken with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken : So you guys have done a great job the last few years with tuck-ins. You're anniversarying some over the next quarter. The balance sheet's still in great shape. Tuck-ins are still a priority. Give us a sense of what the pipeline looks like and how you're thinking about, based on where the business is trending in the various developments, where you're thinking about potentially adding capabilities or the like.
Jim Foster: I would say that our M&A pipeline is unusually strong. We have a host of businesses, I would say principally service related. Many of them upstream early when the drug molecules that discovered. We also have some opportunities, but I'm not going to get too specific, but we have opportunities with regard to certain of our other services businesses sites, certain of our other high growth businesses to add to those, both in terms of scale and depth and perhaps geographic diversity.  So were in the midst of several serious conversations right now, and we always have to fall short of predicting what if anything we'll own by the end of year because due diligence often uncovers surprises, and/or we can't get to a price increment. But I would say that were in a particularly strong position to acquire these companies. There is some competition for these deals but not as much as you would think. We have a lot of our competition that's private equity and venture owned to unnecessary [indiscernible] to those assets. So were quite optimistic. As we said before were quite interested in building a larger more scientifically powerful discovery business because one of the ways that we tease the work out, particularly from big pharma clients, which have really great scientific capabilities where they say wow, thats great, we don't have to own at ourselves if Charles River does. Obviously it's easier with biotech who often has limitations on how many people they will hire and of course we have lots of relationships with venture firms who have virtual companies. So I don't think we've seen M&A pipeline ever this good. I actually you can get better because were just working it better than we used to. We have a much more clear view of what we would buy and add and it could do for us.
Operator: We will go line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ricky Goldwasser: I have a couple of follow-up questions. The first one is on the margin expansion in DSA. So obviously a very strong operating margin. And you're getting very close to your long-term target of low 20s for the segment. So can you just talk a little bit about how you see that expansion? Do you think there's an upside to your target? 
Jim Foster: I am just pausing because were always reluctant to raise those targets, it's taken so long to get here. Yes, I would say that all and including the discovery business, which has lower margin as we've disclosed a few times, were essentially at 20% right now. Capacity is getting full but totally slow, pricing is still quite low. So yes, I would directionally there is some margin opportunity. I probably would stop short at this time of calling where it could get. Obviously will drive margin as effectively as we can. We obviously think that we should be paid more for this study, comprising of now where we wanted to be. And I think our competitive stature is longer than it ever has been. Also I do think that clients, and if you look at the biotech industry, you have got -- you have really good -- a lot of companies that have become real operating companies now and people are really interested in speed to market and not really interested in waiting very long to initiate their studies. So I do think that the timeframe will be little bit frustrating to the clients, and a little bit beneficial to us in terms of get some more price. So yes, I think directionally we should be able to get more margin. No I don't think were ready to call that yet, and we want to continue to live it and have that be a consistent reality for us. Because it's really taken us a long time to get here but were obviously delighted that we've had two quarters with double-digit growth rates with escalating operating margins and better capacity utilization. 
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay, and then one follow-up on the safety assessment business. Obviously it's been three or four months since the LabCorp Corvins [ph] deal closed. Are you seeing any changes in industry dynamics, or any benefit for your book of business from that?
Jim Foster: We have. We had -- before that deal closed, we had specific expressed comments from clients saying not comfortable with the deal, dont really understand it, makes us nervous, integration rift, blah, blah, blah and we got some work from that definitely. And we started probably in the fourth quarter and to some extent the first. I would say as a more general proposition, were absolutely [indiscernible] to hear many of our competitors, many of whom are potentially for sale, but I think thats makes people nervous. And not that we're going to have all the business obviously. We still have very good competition who are credible. But we have a stable corporate business model. We owe this for the long term, and by nature of our structure, unlike for competition, we have a longer term solution. So yes I would say that the potential dislocation disruption in the marketplace from our competition has helped us get more shares.
Operator: Next we'll go to line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Adam Wieschhaus : This is Adam Wieschhaus on for Doug. My first question was on RMS. You mentioned RMS revenue was strong in China. Can you talk about some strategies you have to drive more revenue growth in China outside of research models? For example Vital River, I believe provided you with an initial footprint in that large China market. Have you had a chance to speak with those customers to see how leverageable that relationship is in broadening to different products and services? 
Jim Foster: We're focused principally I would say on the research model parts. So Vital River is a research model business. We do have a small and obviously potentially much larger GEMS business and diagnostic testing business which are part and parcel of the research model business. For us the goal is going to be continue to expand our geography as research moves. We're in Beijing. I think we lot of clients in Shanghai that I think having Shanghai presence is going to be essential. And then moving beyond that as well, because there are obviously lots of large cities with lower cost structures in China, where research is increasing. There's a lot of money going into Biotech as you know there. So we want to be clearly the premier player, for sure scientifically but principally from a sales point of view there. As you may recall, we had a safety assessment business in China that we built. Nobody came and we closed. But we will be very reluctant to go back into China with safety assessment unless there's overwhelming solid demand. We had a so much work in the U.S and Europe that  and the quality of the work is so far superior to China that we're neither concerned about competition from there, nor are we interested in going there. I would say that China potentially is a place that we would consider in vitro or in vivo biology, maybe chemistry. But it's not clear how we would best do that. But yes, from early discovery work is possible, but I would say that we are principally focused on RMS right now in China.
Adam Wieschhaus : That is very helpful. My second question. You mentioned CRISPR in your prepared remarks. I know it might be too early, but have you had -- or have you experienced a lot of customer interest in that technology? And could that technology potentially improve efficiencies in the RMS segment as the model of creation there would ostensibly be much shorter than a more traditional method?
Jim Foster: It's clearly much faster, much better, much more beneficial technology. It's picking up speed. And as I've said earlier we do think we are over time -- not immediately but overtime change how the GEMS business is done; change the ability for us and other creating models quickly, better models, more context models more quickly and to get better translational information for our clients. So yes, I think it's going to be very helpful to researchers around the world and it's clearly a technology that the vast majority of researchers has embraced and acknowledged thats utility and quality.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Rafael Tejada. Please go ahead. 
Rafael Tejada : Just quickly on Argenta BioFocus, we were looking for a little bit more contribution during the quarter. Can you just talk about the growth trajectory? How it's looking. To start the year and any potential seasonality that's involved at the beginning of the year?
Jim Foster: Those businesses are performing accordingly to our operating plan. I'm not sure we know enough about the seasonality yet. But typically they can have a later in the year. They are stronger later in the year than some of our other businesses. So I think that is more predictable. That business is somewhat impacted by our ability to garner larger integrated deals, early in the year or all throughout the year and those are a bit unpredictable as well. But we are quite confident with our ability to use that portfolio to get Argenta and BioFocus services directly, to engage them directly with our pharma bio tech clients, but also to engage them on an integrated basis with those clients as part of a larger offering, including our safety assessment business. So the dialogue and feedback and the business response, in terms of new businesses are really quite gratifying.
Rafael Tejada : Just one other question. It's for final bio similar guidelines were recently issued. Can you just remind us of any potential benefit from biosimilars?
Jim Foster: I think it's still little bit murky in terms of what that will mean and what that will yield, but since -- it now looks like that those drugs will get to market. There's obviously some opportunity to continue do some testing with regard to those. B, it will of course probably greater activity in innovation side companies whose drugs have rolled out pad and now there are competitive biosimilars. So they have to invest more into discovery platform. So yes, that should be beneficial for us, a little bit higher to quantify that late breaking news. And we'll see how many others follow and how quickly?
Operator: Thank you. And at this time there is no more time for questions. Please close. 
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing at the upcoming Baird and Deutsche Bank and Jefferies conferences in May and June. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 16:17:05) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP of IR James Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Thomas Ackerman - CFO and Corporate EVP
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies LLC Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird John Kreger - William Blair Alexander Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase Jeffrey Bailin - Credit Suisse Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley Tim Evans - Wells Fargo
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings and 2015 Guidance Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2014 earnings and 2015 guidance conference call and webcast.  This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our fourth quarter results and provide guidance for 2015. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 350451. The replay will be available through February 25th. You may also access an archive version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 25, 2014, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website, through the Financial Information link. Jim, please go ahead.
James Foster: Good morning. I am very pleased to say that 2014 was an exceptional year. Our financial results demonstrate that we worked very hard to achieve, the strongest portfolio that we've ever had with the ability to support clients from target discovery, through preclinical development, deep client relationships where we are respected and trusted partner, the streamline organization, the flexibility to respond to a changing industry and client requirements and employees who are committed to providing exceptional service to our client. The highlights of our fourth quarter performance are as follows: We reported revenue of $329.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, a 16.8% increase over the previous year in constant dollars. Our Early Discovery acquisitions contributed 9.3% to fourth quarter revenue growth and from an organic perspective, the safety assessment, EMD, North American research models and AVN businesses were the primary contributors. Sales to mid-tier biotechnology client again generated a double-digit revenue increase. We achieved market shares gains in all of our client segments, but the effect of our targeted sales efforts were greatest in the mid-tier. The operating margin increased 20 basis points year-over-year to 16.6%. Both the DSA and manufacturing segments reported significantly increased operating margins, 260 and 290 basis points respectively. But the improvement was largely offset by higher corporate costs. As was the case in the third quarter, the improved financial performance drove higher incentive and stock-based compensation due primarily to performance stock units issued to management to align its interest with those shareholders. In addition, we invested in new projects to strengthen our financial and scientific systems. When completed, these projects will enable us to operate more efficiently and provide enhanced data both internally and to clients. Earnings per share were $0.81 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 11% from $0.73 in the fourth quarter of 2013. The improvement was due primarily to higher revenue and operating income. In 2014, revenue was approximately $1.3 billion, a growth rate of 11.3% in constant current with acquisitions contributing to 6.3%. The organic growth rate of 5% was at the top end of our original guidance range of 3% to 5%. The operating margin improved 30 basis points to 17.6% primarily the result of leverage from higher revenues and operating efficiencies. Earnings per share were $3.46, an 18.1% increase over the prior year and 11.6% above the upper end of our original guidance range. A combination of higher revenue, the benefits of efficiency and productivity initiative and a lower share count drove the year-over-year increase. I will point out that 2014 EPS included $0.12 of gains from limited partnership investment compared to $0.08 in 2013. Given our strong performance in 2014 and the fact that we believe the company is very well positioned to win new business in 2015, we are optimistic about the opportunities the New Year presents. The potential for expanding strategic relationships, market share gains in each of our client segments and a robust pipeline of acquisition candidates is an encouraging environment in which to operate and we look forward with anticipation for executing our plan in 2015. Revenue in 2015 in which we include only acquisitions already made is expected to be in a range of 6% to 7.5% in constant dollars. Non-GAAP EPS are expected to be in the range of $3.55 to $3.65. This would represent an earnings increase of approximately 4% over last year at the midpoint but you should know that when adjusting both 2014 and 2015 for gains on limited partnership investments and foreign exchange, the EPS growth rate would be 10.5%. Before I discuss the segment results, I'd like to comment on our Early Discovery acquisition. I cant over emphasize how important acquisitions of Argenta, BioFocus, and ChanTest, are proving to be when our clients look for an early stage outsourcing partner. We now have the ability to work with our clients from target discovery to preclinical development. A product and service portfolio which is unique in the CRO industry and which solves many of the challenges our clients encounter when dealing with multiple providers. In addition, we provide scientific expertise which enables our clients to rationalize in our internal capacity with a confidence that we can provide the expertise that they no longer can afford to maintain in-house. Our scientists are solving some of the most complex challenges of identifying disease target. And the keys which will unlock therapies to treat and hopefully cure diseases in fact in the last 15 years, our scientists at Argenta and BioFocus have identified and delivered 60 drug candidates to client. This is a record which few biopharmaceutical companies can claim and of which we are very proud.  Establishments of our early discovery franchise had completely changed the dialogue with our client because we work so closely with them we have ongoing discussions with most of our large biopharmaceutical client. However, these discussions have taken on added dimension as we talk about new working models to support the drug research effort. In 2015, we believe we will add new strategic relationships and expand existing life as clients take advantage of our seamless early stage research portfolio. Integration of our early discovery acquisitions as proceeded on plan and all of the acquisitions are performing very well either in line with or ahead of plan. We are actively evaluating additional acquisitions to build our early discovery franchise as well as to add other capabilities which will enable us to enhance the support we can provide to our client. I'd like to provide you the details on the fourth quarter segment performance beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $117.7 million approximately flat in constant currency as higher revenue from product sales was offset by lower services revenue. We were very pleased to see sales of research models in North America increased significantly. This resulted in part from sales of NCI model which are now recorded in product sales instead of services due to the termination of the NCI contract last fall. We have successfully executed our plan to convert researches to purchasing their models directly from that. In addition to the NCI sales, we also saw increased demand for inbred research model. We believe the greater demand for Inbred which persisted for most of 2014 has been driven primarily by a shift to these models for use in oncology research. Demand continued to improve in North America throughout the year which we believe indicates that the effects of consolidation of the biopharmaceutical industry are moderating in North America. We also had strong revenue growth in China although revenue in Europe and Japan continued to be soft, consistent with our experience in 2014. We expect similar trends in 2015 in all geographic areas and also expect to realize price increase of 2% to 3%. As expected, revenue for research model services declined in the fourth quarter. This resulted from the loss of the NCI contract and a significant reduction by one client of a number of GEMS colonies that we maintained. When we noted the GEMS reduction in the third quarter, we commented that this was the result of the normal assessment of the value of specific models by this client and was not indicative of any shift away from genetically engineered model or from our GEMS business.  We continue to believe that the research model services businesses will benefit as global biopharmaceutical companies increase their use of outsourcing at the earliest stages of discovery and mid-tier biotechnology companies utilize better funding to invest in their pipeline. In the fourth quarter, the RMS operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 23.2%. The improvement was due primarily to the benefits of our efficiency initiatives partially offset by lower margins for the services business.  Our efficiency initiatives particularly the facility rationalizations in California and Michigan generated a significant benefit in the fourth quarter. We expect an additional benefit in 2015 from our two facility consolidations in Japan [ph]. We are continuing to identify opportunity to streamline our RMS operations and we maintain our belief that annual RMS operating margin high 20% range is achievable. The manufacturing support segment finished a strong year with revenue of $62.3 million which represented a growth rate of 14.3% in constant currency. The EMD business was a primary driver of the increase again reporting growth close to 20% in constant currency. The PTS franchise is continuing to drive the EMD business as a result of our continuous product innovation. Each new PTS model is enabling us to target additional market opportunities whether as a result of faster processing like the Nexus or improved connectivity like the Next Gen. Because of these capabilities we are converting clients to use our traditional LAL testing methods to the PTS, and taking market share as new clients make the change from other providers. We introduced our latest innovative product, the PTS-Micro in late October. The PTS-Micro is a rapid test for bacterial contamination or bioburden; unlike the PTS is an important advance of a current testing technologies, because it delivers significantly faster results and traditional microbial testing methods. Our introduction of the PTS-Micro positions us as the only provider of real-time quality control monitoring products and services for pharmaceutical manufacturing, who can offer a combination of FDA-licensed rapid endotoxin testing, rapid bioburden testing and microbial identification, utilizing Accugenix's extensive bacteria library. We believe this is a clear distraction between Charles River and other competitors. We have received numerous indications of client interest in PTS-Micro. But as with the case, with the PTS when we introduced it, we expect sales of the PTS-Micro to ramp slowly over the next few years as we work with our key clients to solve their unmet needs for more rapid detection of their bacterial contamination. We believe that our ability to provide a total microbial test solution to our client will be a key driver of our goal for the EMD business that continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic revenue growth with the foreseeable future. Although our Biologics business was not a major driver of fourth quarter revenue, it did delivered double-digit revenue growth for the full year. We believe that our investments in enhancing our service offering, improving our facility and restructuring our sales effort have enabled us to achieve our goals to become the premier provider of these services. We are exceptionally pleased to have accomplished this goal at a time when biologic represents increasing percentage of drug and development and biotechnology companies are enjoying robust funding. We will continue to invest in the business in order to capitalize on the growth opportunities available in the current market. The manufacturing segment's fourth quarter operating margin was 35%, a gain of 290 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was due to all three segment businesses EMD, Biologics and AVN. The margin benefited from leverage from higher revenue as well as improved efficiency. Although we were very pleased with these results, we expect that our stated target of the margin in the low 30% range with a more sustainable level. DSA revenue was $149.6 million, a 36.9% increase in constant currency. The Early Discovery business contributed 24.3% of fourth quarter growth, significantly ahead of our expectations. As I mentioned, the integration is progressing extremely well and we have continued to make progress on our outreach, the heads of R&D and other decision makers at the leading biopharmaceutical companies as well as many of the larger mid-tier companies. In the fourth quarter, the DSA operating margin improved by 260 basis points to 19.4%. The increase was due to both discovery and safety assessment businesses as a result of leverage from higher revenue and a benefit from foreign exchange. In the safety assessment business, the improvement was also due to mix of services which included a greater proportion of specialty toxicology. As expected Early Discovery margin improved in the fourth quarter and in safety assessment, we were very pleased that we achieved our goal of a 20% operating margin. I'll remind you that the margins for both businesses and the DSA segment as a whole vary from quarter-to-quarter based on a number of factors, so margin improvement may not be linear however we do expect annual improvement and we'll continue our efforts to achieve a 20% margin for the segment as a whole. The safety assessment business recorded a low double-digit revenue increase over the fourth quarter of 2013 and a 3.5% sequential increase from the third quarter.  We were exceptionally pleased with this performance which resulted from a combination of improved client demand especially from the mid-tier as well as our intense focus on scientific expertise of exceptional execution and outstanding client service. We believe these last three factors are critical to our clients decision to choose Charles River as their outsourcing partner. This is true for our global client when they make the decision to reduce in-house infrastructure and for our mid-tier clients who require a partner to provide the capabilities, which they do not have internally. As we work with our clients on the same side of the table, they gain confidence in our ability to provide a superior level of scientific expertise. We also recognize that we are committed to supporting the requirements as efficiently and cost effectively as possible. As a result of all of these factors, backlog has continued to build steadily and we are nearing optimal capacity utilization. We are evaluating our global network of facilities to determine the best methods of capacity expansion in 2015. As you know we have opened small numbers of study to accommodate the increasing demand for our safety assessment services with the goal to fill these rooms quickly and with minimal impact on the operating margin. We will continue with this approach and we are seriously evaluating the option to reopen our Shrewsbury Massachusetts facility. Located only one hour drive from Cambridge and Boston arguably are the hub of the global biopharmaceutical industry to believe the facility is ideally situated to support the improving demand for our services from large pharma and emerging biotech companies as well as academic research institutions which are benefiting from funding by global biopharmaceutical company. We have received considerable client indication of interest and believe this is the right environment in which to reopen the facility however we are proceeding prudently. We will reopen, when we reopen which will take at least a year. We expect to open a portion of the facility and offer only non-GLP services. Validation and staffing for GLP services will follow at a later date depending on demand. We are very enthusiastic that having Shrewsbury back online will give us the capacity we require in order to accommodate demand and continue to grow. The primary reason we believe the timing is right for Shrewsbury is the success of our targeted sales strategy of about three client segment. Global key accounts, mid-tier biotech and academic institutions. We have continued to take market share in each of these segments. As the breadth of our portfolio our scientific expertise and our best in class client support resonated with clients. Sales to global key accounts continued to be stable despite the consolidation in Europe and Japan and the ongoing changes at other global biopharmaceutical companies as they realign their early-stage drug research processing. In 2014, we continued to initiate new and expand existing strategic relationships with our clients. Although sales too few of the existing partners declined year-over-year, revenue from strategic relationships as the percent of total revenue increased to the high 20% range in 2014. Sales to academic clients were also stable as we offset softer sales due to funding uncertainty with expanded relationships in market share gain. Our mid-tier clients with the primary drivers of revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for the year in total, excluding Argenta and BioFocus acquisition. Sales to mid-tier increased 11% for the quarter and 13% for the full year. Total sales to these clients first exceeded sales to our global key accounts in 2013 and that was also true in 2014. The mid-tier clients are benefiting from robust funding both from the capital markets and from global biopharma and are investing heavily in the drug pipeline. As you know the biotech model has always required outsourcing. Since the majority of funding has been directed at drug discovery rather than building infrastructure. We have built long-term relationships with many of these biotechs and executing our plan to extend our existing relationships and add new ones with the broader group of these company. Our investment in limited venture capital partnership is one of the strategies we are employing to reach emerging biotech companies and has worked very well to-date. Through these partnerships we have accessed to a significant number of virtual biotech as well as to the scientific acumen which is resident in the venture capital community. Strategies I have discussed with you overtime. Portfolio expansion, sales targeting, scientific expertise, investment in personnel and efficiency initiative are key to our ability to provide a compelling value proposition for our client for early stage drug research effort. We are pursuing all of these strategy in order to maintain and enhance our position as the leading early stage research CRO. This is especially important now at a time when structural changes are occurring in the industry. We believe these changes have poured us the unique opportunity to continue to gain market share and we intent to capitalize on the opportunity by leveraging the investments we have made and new ones we intend to make. While we do not hue any single strategy as more important than the other. We believe that continuing to broaden our early stage portfolio will definitely increase our relevance to our clients. The addition of our Early Discovery capability is an excellent example which has served to reinforce the point for us. We intend to continue to identify and acquire businesses which will enhance the role we can play in supporting our clients early stage drug research processes by providing critical capabilities which they do not have in-house for which enable them to eliminate the internal investment. We believe that our global biopharma mid-tier biotech and academic clients are searching for the right partners to support them by taking on a broader role within their organization then Charles River intend to be that partner. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I would like Tom Ackerman to give you additional details on our fourth quarter results.
Thomas Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. First, let me remind you that I will speak primarily to non-GAAP results which exclude acquisition related amortization, charges related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. This morning, I will focus my discussion on our 2015 financial guidance. In 2015, we expect constant currency revenue growth of 6% to 7.5%. As you know foreign exchange rates have become increasingly unfavorable over the last six months. Based on current rates we expect that foreign exchange will reduce reported sales by approximately 5% in 2015 which is more than double the impact that we provide in October. This translates into reported revenue growth of 1% to 2.5% in 2015. I would like to note that the analyst consensus revenue estimates does not fully reflect the FX impact at current rates. We have updated our revenue exposure by currency for 2014 and provided this information in the appendix two of our slide presentation. On a constant currency basis, we expect 2015 revenue growth to be driven by the DSA and manufacturing segments with growth rates of low double-digit and high single-digit respectively. RMS revenues expected to be relatively flat. By segment, we expect FX to have a greater impact on the revenue growth rates for the RMS and manufacturing segments and a slightly smaller impact on the DSA segment. Our 2015 EPS guidance of 355 to 365 reflects higher revenues and improved operating income to which our efficiency initiatives are also contributing. We expect to generate 75 basis points to 100 basis points of operating margin improvement in 2015 from an operating margin of 17.6% in 2014. We expect margin improvement in each segment particularly the DSA and RMS segment. The RMS improvement is due to the benefit of our global productivity and efficiency initiatives and the DSA improvement is due both leverage from higher sales and efficiencies. The DSA operating margin is also expected to benefit from foreign exchange by approximately 100 basis points to 2015 which is similar to the benefit in 2014. You may recall that this is primarily the results of our FX exposure in Canada we implies more than half of our U.S. dollars to incur more of our cost in Canadian dollars. We expect only a small improvement in the manufacturing segment margin in 2015. While we expect to gain leverage from higher sales and operating efficiencies. We also intend to continue to invest in new products and to support growth. Therefore we believe a low 30% margin is an appropriate target for this segment. We continue to make progress on our productivity and efficiency initiatives and plan to implement new projects. The actions that we have taken to consolidate our research model production capabilities in North America and Europe previously and in Japan in 2015 are significant drivers of the anticipated RMS operating margin improvement in 2015. We're also implementing initiative to enhance our organizational effect in this and client interface with projects ranging from further consolidation of our global procurement activities for the rollout of automation and real-time client monitoring software in our labs. The cumulative impact of these initiatives generated incremental savings of more than $35 million in 2014 and is expected to generate a similar amount of savings in 2015. The savings for both 2014 and 2015 are above our prior outlook because we were able to generate a greater number of new projects than anticipated and drive larger savings on planned initiatives. When looking at our 2015 non-GAAP EPS growth, there are two significant factors which should be taken into consideration. First, at current rates FX is reducing EPS guidance by approximately $0.12. Excluding this FX impact we would expect our 2015 non-GAAP EPS range to be $3.67 to $3.77. The other factor that affects the 2015 EPS growth rate is the limited partnership investment gains which is reported in other income.  In 2014, we generated investment gains of $0.12 per share. This creates a net $0.09 headwind in 2015 because we have estimated approximately $0.03 of investment gains in our guidance.  Historically we have not forecast these investment gains since they are largely based on market return. In 2015, we believe it is proven to forecast some level of return on the capital invested in these life science venture capital funds but it should be noted that they can also be volatility in these types of investments. Normalizing for FX and the investment gains in 2014 and 2015 we would be position to generate EPS growth of 9% to 12% in 2015 compared to the 2.5% to 5.5% growth using our 2015 guidance range of $3.55 to $3.65. Unallocated corporate cost and non-operating items such as interest, taxes and the share count are not expected to have a significant impact on the year-over-year EPS comparison. I will now discuss these items in further detail. For 2015, we expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 6.5% of revenue which is essentially in line with the 2014 level of 6.6% of revenue. Unallocated corporate cost in 2014 totaled $85.7 million which was slightly higher than expected due primarily to higher compensation cost. The company performed very well in 2014 which led to higher performance based bonus accruals as well as higher stock compensation expense related to the performance stock units or PSUs that we begin to issue in 2013. Cost associated with the PSUs increased in 2014 due both to our financial performance and an increase in the number of managers that have been included in the program. Net interest expense is expected to moderately higher in 2015 in a range of $12 million to $14 million compared to $10.8 million in 2014. This outlook is based on our assumption that LIBOR rates will begin to edge higher later in 2015. It also reflects the full year of borrowings for the Argenta, BioFocus and ChanTest acquisitions offset by debt repayment during the year. The 2015 non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be in the range of 27% to 28% which is similar to the 2014 rate of 27.4%. We anniversary the UK tax law change in 2014 that will not meaningfully impact the year-over-year comparisons going forward. I will now discuss the progress that we have made with regard to our cash flow generation as well as our capital priorities for 2015. In 2014, we generated free cash flow of $195.2 million, a significant increase over $169.9 million in 2013. We also exceeded our prior outlook of $180 million to $185 million due primarily to a significant improvement in DSOs as well as the strong fourth quarter financial performance. DSOs declined to 52 days at year end well below the 59 days at the end of the third quarter and 56 days at the end of 2013. The improvement was driven primarily by the outstanding efforts of our collections team which led to reduction in DSOs for larger strategic accounts. The benefit from lower DSOs was partially offset by the expected $18 million increase and capital expenditures to $56.9 million in 2014. 2015 we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $195 million to $205 million as continued improvement in operating cash flow is partially offset by higher CapEx. We expect CapEx of up to $70 million in 2015 with the increase primarily result of additional projects to drive revenue growth.  As Jim noted past utilization, our safety assessment business is nearing with optimal levels so we have earmarked the larger capital budget in 2015 for capital expansion. We continue to evaluate the appropriate manner and timing to add capacity contemplating both client needs and minimizing the margin impact. In addition to investing in our infrastructure to support growth, we also intend to continue to invest in strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases and debt repayment in 2015, our top capital priority remains M&A. As Jim noted we continue to rigorously evaluate acquisition candidates and intend to pursue additional M&A opportunities in 2015. Timing of acquisitions is always difficult to predict, it is our strategy to continue to supplement our organic growth with disciplined strategic acquisitions that are accretive to earnings. I will remind you that we regularly evaluate our capital priorities over the course of the year and often may invest more or less in certain areas depending on a number of factors including the availability and timing of potential acquisition. Our current goal for stock repurchases in 2015 is to offset dilution from option exercises and equity grants but we expect our average share count to remain relatively flat. 2014 we repurchased $2.1 million shares for $110.6 million in December our Board increased the stock repurchase authorization by $150 million to an aggregate amount of $1.15 billion and we had $178.5 million available on the current authorization at year end. We also expect to pay debt in 2015 in line with slightly ahead of scheduled installments. Our leverage ratio remains low at just under 2.5 times and the interest rate environment continues to be favorable. In the first quarter of 2015, we expect revenue to be slightly below the fourth quarter level due primarily to a more pronounced impact from foreign exchange. At current rate FX is expected to reduce year-over-year revenue growth by approximately 6% in the first quarter. However first quarter revenue was not expected to decline nearly this much because of sequential increases in RMS and manufacturing support revenue [ph]. In the DSA segment, we have forecast seasonal softness. You may recall that there are typically fewer study and project starts during the holidays and into January which leads to a slower start to the year for the DSA segment. The combination of these factors is expected to result in the first quarter non-GAAP EPS that is similar to the fourth quarter level. The slight sequential revenue decline is expected to be offset by modest margin improvement particularly in the RMS segment following the normal seasonality in the fourth quarter. To conclude I would like to point out a few highlights of our 2014 performance. We achieved revenue growth of 11%. Non-GAAP EPS of $3.46 or 18% EPS growth over 2013 and free cash flow of $195.2 million or $4.10 per share. Progress that we made in 2014 was a result of the success of our targeted sales strategies, our continued focus on driving productivity and efficiency throughout our global organization and the critical upstream expansion of our portfolio that truly differentiates Charles River as the only full service early stage CRO. We believe this momentum positions us well to achieve our 2015 financial targets and to continue to deliver increasingly assurance to our shareholders. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Well go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Windley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter first of all. Question is in DSA, you talked in the, for the second half of 14 talked about an expectation of the same mid-single-digit growth and the third quarter was lower than that and the fourth quarter was higher. Could you talk about maybe visibility, how far are youre booking studies, how much visibility do you have, how, but for the seasonal softness that Tom just talked about, how steady do you expect that business to be going forward?
James Foster: So, I would remind you that this is not a linear business and we have variability from quarter-to-quarter and I think that will always persist. We tend to look at it on an annual basis and it depends when the study start and the mix between specialty and general talks and so we were very pleased with the, very, very pleased with the margin, obviously very pleased with the significant increase in the fourth quarter both sequentially and year-over-year. Visibility continues to get better and we indicated that backlog is better. We get a weekly report on capacity utilization which takes us out four, five months. So we have a pretty good view and we actually see changes week-to-week, we have a pretty good view of customers' demand serve on a facility-by-facility basis and total infrastructure real-time, all the time and kind of rolling a little more than a quarter at a time. Were selling up rapidly and nicely and there is no question that there is greater demand for the services both relative to the competitive scenario relative to more drugs from the pipeline, more money in the biotech and more outsourcing by big pharma. So, and actually kind of guide into next year pretty much views that out. But I would try to be less impacted by a quarterly variability, which will probably still have and take a look at it most from a year-over-year events [ph].
David Windley: Thanks Jim. If I could sneak in a follow-up real quick on Shrewsbury I just want to be clear, you said youre considering opening. And so that suggest to me that it still a consideration and some of the other, your other comments kind of suggest that it's already made decision. Could you be a little bit more clear about at what point are you going to start deploying CapEx into the building to get it ready?
James Foster: Okay. So, lets be very clear. We have significant interest from local Cambridge and Boston biotech clients about when you guys can open Shrewsbury, huge bolus of business we have the closest CRO to that. So we're taking that very seriously, obviously thats happening at a time when our spaces filling rapidly and we have said previously and again today, if we do nothing which we wont, but if we do nothing our space will be full by the end of the year. So, were going to add small tranches of space throughout the year at multiple sites, to accommodate demand with no impact on operating margin that we hope that continues to increase, we expected to increase. We have a multi-faceted and capability team looking at Shrewsbury. And as we said, it will take a while to get it open at least a year. Were quite, I shouldnt say quite -- our initial indications are that when we open it, we will open a small portion of it for non-GLP services only. So that does two things that require trivial capital investment that it gets the facility open without this huge infrastructure needs and once its open obviously its more real to our client to sort of serial conversation we had with them about we opened that someday becomes [indiscernible] open. And then we will assess the demand for GLP-tox services, which we believe well be there and be intense but we wont make and move that will be a second step move, we won't make that move until the demand is straight. I mean our goal would be to open that non-GLP services assuming the [indiscernible] changes in the year or slightly more and it probably will take a couple of years after that to hire staff put back some of the equipment that we borrowed from that site to do other things, validate the equipment get the staff trained. So we're a while away from GLP-tox which I think is fine that's likely to help enhance the demand.
David Windley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you very much. I actually have the same question as Dave -- it wasnt really clear but I think that helps. My other topic was North American research models growth excluding the NCI impact and perhaps also excluding pricing could you give us a sense of what your norm growth rate was in the fourth quarter and I guess what I am really trying to get to a sense on actual volumes of activity as opposed to the revenue impact so kind of an organic volumes.
James Foster: Number that we have broken out so I think we want to stay away from that it hard to tease but if you tease out the NCI stuff and we have some price in there, we have some shared gains there from academic as we indicated the cost we definitely have some inbred increase in multiple inbred models and immuno compromised models. We would expect that track to continue in 2015 so we continue to be pretty optimistic about that business we produced infrastructure with driving efficiency because of that and generally to make it less and less manual business it's going to get 2% to 3% of price again so you should consider that business is modestly increasing with improvement in operating margin.
Eric Coldwell: Okay, helpful and then just a very technical question on FX granted, the rates are being moving so quickly and so broadly that you know it is fair to say that consensus were fully updated but understandable. In October you talked about a 2% revenue headwind $0.05 of earnings, in January you said 4% of revenue headwind you did not give us an update on the earnings impact but then today 5% with $0.12 so the ratio of revenue impact to earnings impact has remain constant. I am just curious why you didnt give us the earnings impact in January number one and number two if you can tell us specifically and I may have missed this specifically what day you are basing rates on so we'll know how to think about this given the vast volatility in the rates that we are seeing today.
Thomas Ackerman: Yeah, the 5% as indicated today, last night and today essentially Eric really is a current rate where we have done our plan we have actually it's almost crazy that we have monitored almost daily to make sure that when we put out our guidance that we could still say 5% it wasnt 4.2 or 5.8 and we have to move that so we have monitor that very closely. Each of the rates are slightly different but when we calculate the delta versus last year, all the rates have moved slightly we are still pretty much at the 5% so it's really to cognate. Going back to the January comment I think our view on the EPS number was we kind of sort of put that out there. We felt it was a little easier to give you guys an update on the revenue and given we were in quiet period, I didnt really want to talk about EPS too much, we did debate that a little bit and I think we just were a little bit more cautious on that and since it really hadn't moved in any kind of meaningful way really just didn't want to get into that at that point in time.
Eric Coldwell: Tom that's a very fair answer. I guess I was kind of thinking perhaps moving the Canadian dollar given your currency mismatch there might have had frankly a more favorable impact and could have offset some of the ratio on revenue to earnings but obviously in total scheme of things that wasnt the case but helpful answers and I'll let others jump in. Thanks so much.
Thomas Ackerman: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger: Hi, thanks very much. Jim if you just think about your new awards particularly in DSA in the last three months or so. Can you just talk about what sort of pricing dynamics you saw that perhaps comparing it to awards a year ago. Are you starting to see any uplift in spot market pricing?
James Foster: We continue to test price consistently daily. We are getting some price it's hard to tell whether it's on a spot price basis any more significant to last year. I would say it's at least the same. We obviously have lots of large clients with lots of large strategic deals many of which lock in the price provide enterprise agreements and benefit for volume. So we obviously don't see price increases there except we do see and can see the benefit of mix with specialty works. I would say the pricing environment deals slightly better kind of guardedly optimistic. It's still a factor about but there is no question that you can feel everybody feeling you can feel all of our -- feeling and I think there is a sense of clients that they want to slot their studies in as quickly as possible and they're willing to make some accommodation of price to do that. We continue not to be the lowest price point most of the time occasionally but not most of the time so client clearly willing to pay for service and science and financial solidity and reputation. So again it's been such a long process it's -- I don't want to predict too much about pricing given that we're still in early February and also the first quarter is kind of an awkward quarter to figure out what demand portion is going to be given that clients still sorting out what studies to do without do internally or what molecules such -- I think we have a much better of sense at the end of the quarter and for sure a very strong sense in second quarters but we continue to fill our space and accomplish as well.
John Kreger: Great thanks. And quick follow up, you mentioned earlier on the call about strategic relationship opportunities. Can you just be a little bit more specific are those, do you see those particularly in one or two key areas or are they more sort of broader bundled relationships that encompass multiple segments.
James Foster: So we're having a lot of those conversations as we indicated in our remarks. We've reached out to the heads of R&D of all the drug companies of big pharma and biotech when we did Argenta and BioFocus and we have been meeting with all of them that I just met with one two nights ago. And I would say it's the converse -- so yeah we're having a lot of strategic conversations going on now expand current deals and sign new one. I would say the conversation typically starts either with an interest on their part to outsource safety assessment or tox or some kinds of an interest in deterring more about discovery and winds out towards more of that. Typically we end up talking about both of those things and then if their client already does the fair amount with us or it's considering it in most cases particularly with Big Pharma we end up with an enterprise deals that cuts across virtually all that we do client that I just met with that's something across all of our products lines with us. I think that's going to be more usual, they like many of our clients wants smaller number of partners, they want a better value proposition, they want to be important to us, so great turnaround time. So we think these will continue we're continuing to meet with as I said new potential partners and since we don't have any competitor of this portfolio even resemble to ours, we're in a very strong competitive position. And you can sense when clients are going to be open to a conversation about more aggressive outsourcing and variably they kind of come to that conclusion and determination that they're more interested in that discussing with us. So conversations are going really well.
John Kreger: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Andy Draper with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Alexander Draper: Thanks very much and congratulations on nice 2014 and good outlook for 15. My question I think is for Tom just trying to understand the accounting around Shrewsbury. Can you remind me did you back when you shuttered it, was there an asset write-down and if so if you bring that back on how does that impact D&A obviously there will be some CapEx coming on but I'm just trying to understand do you have to bring that back and then fully start amortizing the D&A or is that basically a wash and that once you bring it back on there is a lower level of D&A going forward? Thanks.
Thomas Ackerman: Yes, the answer is what weve written off previously is written off and wouldnt be so we capitalize so to speak so the D&A going forward one of the positive aspects of that is that the D&A going forward would be based on todays capitalized value which would be lower than it has been historically, certainly much lower than it was when we originally capitalized it.
Alexander Draper: Great, thanks. Ill stick with that one question again. Congrats.
Thomas Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well go next to line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Just a question on the manufacturing can you just talk about maybe Tom where you expect the operating margins or why youre expecting to go down from kind of the current mid-30s levels and where do you think they kind of bottom out?
Thomas Ackerman: A little bit of what we talked about such as continued reinvestment in the business so in EMD for instance we obviously have good products coming out, it takes an R&D budget were increasing our focus on R&D and whatnot and what we said is we think it will stand below 30 so not really a lot different where it is for the full year, our AVN margin and business continues to be strong, albeit a lower than the EMD and the same for biologics so I think its obviously a very good margin so well continue to have good margins above 30% but we do want to continue invest in the business and grow it out withstanding our global footprint in EMD as an example with locations and financially to drive the top line and really those are the primary reasons.
Tycho Peterson: Okay and then follow up as we think about M&A Jim can you talk to maybe some of the early revenues synergies youve seen with ChanTest around the BioFocus business and then more broadly speaking obviously if there is a lot of targets out there I think even if we go back to analyst day you talked about 4 to 5 dozen targets youve been looking at. Maybe just talk to whether the quality is up to par and whether you think you might be more active this year obviously youre going to continue to look in a lot of stuff but how do you think about the opportunities now?
James Foster: So ChanTest and BioFocus and Argenta really open up a whole new world for us in terms of dialogue with clients and being more important to them and as we indicated in our remarks Argenta and BioFocus have discovered 60 compounds over the last 15 years which is a pretty extraordinary results so solving complex problem. And thats really resonating with our clients so ChanTest did really well with Argenta and BioFocus looking at the IN channels we already did some IN channel work with Argenta and BioFocus so this clearly makes us the world leader and its a target class that lots of clients are looking at and thats a very important safety aspect. So we feel really good about the strategy, the growth rate, the importance of client, increasingly improve the operating margin and the doors that it is opening.  We have a very robust pipeline of M&A targets not all but most of them I would say are in the discovery space plus multiple therapeutic areas, some in vivo, some in vitro, multiple geographies, no giant companies but a couple of meaningful scale most of it modest smaller and so were engaged in multiple conversations right now whether we get traction or not whether we are successful in both due diligence and achieving the right price points we dont know what the competitive scenario will be for all of these deals but it is a clear it is the principle strategic focus and preferred use of capital to do strategic high growth accretive deals where as I said were in the midst of the conversations right now we would be I guess Ill just say we would be disappointed if were not able to do some meaningful R&D in 2015 although it's an impossible thing to predict so, it's high on -- we are very much focused on and there is no question in discovery in particular having a lot of these client conversations that the scale and diversity in-depth portfolio is really critical and some of this work out and the clients are getting them or comfortable with it and so as we continue to expand this portfolio we're quite confident that the work will follow.
Tycho Peterson: And then lastly just on the competitive front, obviously one of your competitors being acquired in this case by Reference Lab. I mean have you been able to kind of approach some of their customers and talk to maybe what you see is the opportunity to pick up some share through to that process.
James Foster: Yeah, I mean it's already providing opportunity and in some instances we dont even have to approach clients, they're approaching us. I think movement of competitors to new ownership structures can be concerning to some clients. I do think it's going to continue to provide opportunities and our perception and prediction is that we will see other competitors have probably come to market in the next 12 months this seems to be the cycle that we're in right now I think given our stable and expanding portfolio of that bodes well for us to engage with additional clients into this year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Jeff Bailin with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Bailin: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Looking at the acquisitions in the Early Discovery space I think you mentioned those deals were on or had a plan and the revenue contribution of fourth quarter was ahead of expectations. Could you provide us any sense where the underlying organic growth rates are trending in those businesses and maybe where you are seeing a greatest demand from either a service type or customer segment perspective?
James Foster: Sure. We are seeing as a group A, B and C as we call them Argenta, BioFocus, and ChanTest, are going to continue to delivery at least low-double-digit organic growth for us going forward it's better obviously but we are comfortable with that. We had higher revenues for the second year in a row to mid-tier in the biotech so obviously it's a very strong sector for us grew 13% for the year flushed with cash, it's going to continue to be the path to our door for sure but also we have engaged very well with the big drug coming so we would expect both of those clients segments to be strong drivers of growth in Discovery going forward and we think it will help accelerate our top-line for the company as a whole.
Jeffrey Bailin: Great, thanks. I'll leave at that.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser: Yeah, hi, good morning and congratulations on a good year and a good outlook for 15. First of all just a one clarification question, you said that you expected to see more of your competitors coming to market this year, so, can you just kind of like clarify the comment or do you expect to see more consolidation in the preclinical space it just wasnt clear as to what you meant in that comment?
James Foster: We do it's just base by an input that we have from conversations that others have had with those companies given their ownership structure and given the fact that consolidation peers to be predictable in our business so we've had our largest competitor in the research model business trade last year our largest competitor in the preclinical business trading at the moment. There are additional players in the preclinical space that maybe implied and in some of our other businesses and so like many industries or many service providing businesses, there is strength of scale, there is an expectations from clients to build scale and businesses that are key or VC owned by definition inevitably for sale so I think we're commenting as much on the current ownership structure.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And from your perspective do you feel that contract was it sounds like what the assets that you have can you just gain share by just kind of like standing kind of like I want to say on the sideline right but letting that industry dynamics involve and gain share or do you feel that you have to build on the assets that you currently have under preclinical tox side.
James Foster: If I understand that question. As we said earlier our space is selling we have Shrewsbury which we're studying when we could open that. We have a space in Reno that we want to sell and we have a space both in Shrewsbury and Reno that we never built out that just shelf space. And we have the small pockets of space in our other in the few other facilities that need to be full. So absolutely our intention is full eventually fully build out and fully utilize all of our facilities. We also built a modular type facility in Canada that can be added onto easily and at a reasonable price point. So yeah we like our infrastructure but we certainly want to keep utilizing at fully to meet client needs.
Ricky Goldwasser: Okay. And then one last question and obviously a mid-tier growth clients I think you highlighted like growing it in mid-double digit which is pretty impressive growth rate. Do you think that this is again a reflection of few gaining share in your specific sales initiatives, or are you seeing some structural shift in the marketplace either that we're now kind of like moving back to kind of like more preclinical or early focused or on the outsourcing side.
James Foster: Yeah I mean it's a manifestation of the fact that except for very few very large companies. Most of mid-tier even the kind of second tier companies so those will be public companies with $3 billion to $5 billion market cap drug in the market and sales and earnings. They do very little of the work internally they do really, really early discovery work internally for sure. But most of the developments of externalized. I can't see any reason that's going to change we're working with also a large number of virtual companies and first, second, third tier companies that have an idea or one drug or limited IP and it's all about getting the proof of concept.  So given the bolus of money that have always for the last four or five years come into biotech pharma and given the enormous search of capital is gone in there for the capital market. We would expect to see mid-tier continue with the very growth rate at a very healthy cliff and that they would continue to be aggressive and savvy utilizes about both services.
Ricky Goldwasser: Great, thank you.
James Foster: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Doug Chenko [ph] with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi there. This is Adam on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question was on academic customers. You've been very successful in providing array of services especially DSA outreach for your pharma and biotech clients, but how successful have you been implementing more comprehensive solutions for the academic community. Have you already planned to make any change that you can call out and how you're interfacing with them to provide more integrated solution?
James Foster: So we've always have been a supplier to the academic marketplace by research model business. And I would say over the last half -- years we have grown our share in the academic sector which is now mid-20s you see mid-teens. We've done that by having more rational price points for them. Increasingly academic research centers are becoming drug discovery engine so they have their own molecules they outsource that work. We've been engaging with them more closely to make sure they're aware of our discovery and safety assessment portfolio and to try to do larger deals with them.  We are working hard to map those big academic institutions the way we originally map big pharma to have multiple relationships talking about personal relationships with the leadership of the business and research leadership at those institution they have a lot of money they do very good research and we are optimistic that overtime we will engage with them more robustly they are more complex organization to work is because of the very nature, funding sources and historically they havent been very aggressive users of the social services but that should continue. So we are spending a lot more time organizing ourselves in a way we can take greater advantage in the academic marketplace.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And my second question was on the manufacturing segment, more specifically your investment in the biologics business, seems that biologic are inherently more complex and variable than something like the small molecular inhibitor so will the development improvements of this manufacturing capability be an ongoing process for you or do you see any challenges going forward? And is there enough differentiation in quality among outsourcing companies that could really drive pricing?
James Foster: So we have a very large international capability we have been in this business for 20 years, we are certainly one of the leaders if not the leader at least half the drugs being discovered right now are large molecules so its really important business to be in and we support all of these clients in other ways regarding this sort of testing for them before the drug is going to the clinic or get into the market seems like it has always been like a very logical critical service for us to provide.  So yeah we think that our science is that  many of our competitors and better than some we think this is a service this is a technical capability that many clients dont have and definitely do not want to spend the money to bring in house and given the great infusion of cash the biotech with this business ought to have the wind that is back going forward were really pleased with the improvement in profitability and top-line growth that we saw in 2014 and are optimistic well continue to be able to grow it.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo.
Tim Evans: Hi, thank you. Jim just to reflect on a big picture question here, the growth in the research models business seems to be a bit of a paradox if you're looking for 2% to 3% price increase next year I assume thats net realized price than suggest that volumes are going to be down and this is happening despite very strong growth in safety assessment business and I guess it doesnt feel like the secular trends in that RMS business in terms of volume growth are very good given that dynamic can you try to comment on why the two segments differ so much in the underlying trends?
James Foster: So you have two factors going on right now, you have a continued reduction in demand from Europe and Japan very severe in 2014 and will be less severe but still a drag in 2015, Europe in particular is a pretty good size business. So the aggregate impact of those I would say is the biggest issue in driving down whereas we get some uptick in North America and we have huge uptick in China but thats very small, still small business for us.  The apparent disconnect is not that much of a disconnect I think the drug companies while more drugs were approved last year than many years before while pipelines are better there is still paired down of what they were historically and clients are very aggressive in making these go or no go decision which of course is a service that basically we are in and killing compounds earlier so while we kind of do business across all of our services products helping them make that determination the ultimate portfolios are smaller.  Having said that outright res to [indiscernible] animal model has -- is no longer declining at periodically after certainly stable were obviously using a lot of those animals ourselves we are also selling a lot to our competitors so were getting a little bit of their business as well. And so were actually pleased with the directional trajectory of the animal business and while we didn't say because it's not 2015, there is a point to which the reduction and the infrastructure in Europe and Japan like it has been say it will slowdown and level off and we'll at least have stability in those markets or perhaps increase if nowhere else in pricing.  So and we've always said that directionally this is not 15 this is beyond but directionally RMS that includes the service businesses will probably grow low to mid-single-digits with operating margins being sustainable. 
Tim Evans: Okay. And just a quick related follow-up so basically the headwinds in Europe and Japan are similar to those that you've seen in the US in past years just kind of on a delay. 
James Foster: Right. That's exactly right and they are all -- Europe and Japan are always slower than the US. Europe will come back a little bit faster and Japan probably right after that and we've seen that in other aspects of our business where we slowdown domestically there is a kind of a follow on effect with our rest of world businesses. We're pretty confident that things will slowdown level off here as well. 
Tim Evans: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question and that will come from the line of Ross Milken with Evercore. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Vijay in for Ross. Thanks for taking my question. One quick housekeeping just wanted to confirm that the guidance doesn't have any M&A baked in and second Jim just on sort of Shrewsbury right I know lot of people have asked the questions but going back to the sort 07 peak cycle I think that you guys had a backlog of over six months right so I am just trying to think of this go, no go decision on Shrewsbury particularly when it comes to the GLP side of things. Would that be sort of a trigger point you have six month plus backlog before you construed or make the final go decision of Shrewsbury? Thank you. 
James Foster: No M&A in the plan. It's hard to tell what will help as trigger it will be overall demand from the clients totally marketplace is totally different than it was in 2007. Biotechs on fire right now drugs are being approved. Huge amounts of money coming in there and we're the closest CRO so we'll be very cautious about it but we will have significant demand from multiple clients that we're confident we'll be there rationale price points be able to allow us to open that site. 
Susan Hardy: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming half dozen conference in February and March and this concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 14:50:23) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexander Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Saurabh Singh - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Adam Wieschhaus James Clark Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Stephen Hagan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your first speaker, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our third quarter results and update guidance for 2014. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is 3203653844. The access code in either case is 338339. The replay will be available through November 13. And you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 25, 2014, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website, through the Financial Information link. Jim, please go ahead.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our third quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported revenue of $327.6 million in the third quarter of 2014, a 12.1% increase over the previous year. The acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus, now known as Early Discovery, contributed 8% to third quarter revenue, and foreign exchange added 40 basis points. All 3 business segments reported revenue increases, in constant currency, RMS gained 10 basis points, DSA gained 24.1% and Manufacturing gained 12.9%. In addition to the benefit of the acquisition, we saw improved sales to many of our global accounts. And as they did in the first and second quarters, mid-tier clients again generated a double-digit revenue increase. We are continuing to benefit from our targeted sales efforts and the many enhancements to our sales and marketing structure we have identified and implemented since we first reorganized it in 2010. The operating margin declined 70 basis points year-over-year, but the decline was due primarily to a difference in tax benefits, which were greater by 260 basis points in the third quarter of last year. The addition of Early Discovery, which has an operating margin below the corporate average, also affected the operating margin, as did unallocated corporate costs, which increased primarily due to performance stock units issued to management to align its interest with those of its shareholders. Earnings per share were $0.86 in the third quarter, an increase of 8.9% from $0.79 in the third quarter of 2013. Given our year-to-date performance and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we are narrowing our revenue guidance to a range of 10% to 11%. We are also narrowing our increasing -- and increasing both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS. The non-GAAP EPS range is now $3.33 to $3.38, which represents a full year earnings increase of approximately 13.5% to 15.5% over last year. Based on our outlook for the fourth quarter, we are confident that we will achieve our guidance for 2014. Before I discuss the segment results, I would like to provide some details on the ChanTest acquisition. As you know, we are focused on selectively acquiring companies that expand our unique portfolio, either through the addition of nonclinical products and services or by broadening our geographic footprint. With the acquisition of ChanTest ion channel testing expertise, we will significantly increase our Early Discovery capabilities, enhancing our ability to support our clients' discovery and lead optimization efforts. We think this is particularly important, because focus on ion channels is increasing from 2 perspectives: First, because of their importance in cell physiology, ion channels represents a rich source of current and future drug targets for a variety of diseases, including pain, cystic fibrosis, inflammation and hypertension. Second, precisely because ion channels play such an important role in cellular function, it presents safety concerns for drug development. To address these safety issues, the FDA is in the process of developing guidelines that will increase ion channel testing for potential new drugs. These new guidelines are referred to as the Comprehensive in vitro Proarrhythmia Assay or CiPA. The guidelines are still in a development phase, however, many biopharma companies are planning for or have already begun early adoption, due to the potential risks that ion channel impairments present and the benefit of more specific testing. ChanTest is extremely well positioned to support the anticipated increase in demand. Its scientific expertise is extensive, and it offers a panel of more than 120 validated assays to test ion channels, which we believe is the most comprehensive channel in the industry. ChanTest scientists are thought leaders in the field of ion channels, and are currently working with the FDA on the CiPA guidelines. ChanTest is a particularly strong strategic fit with the in vitro capabilities already resident to BioFocus. The breadth of those capabilities, combined with our long-standing in vivo expertise, will provide clients with a leading nonclinical program for cardiac risk assessment and for risk assessments generally. We are very pleased to welcome the ChanTest staff to Charles River, and look forward to working with them to enhance the support we provide to our clients. As part of our continued efforts to streamline the organization and enhance the support we can provide for our clients' integrated drug discovery program, we are integrating our Early Discovery and in vivo discovery operations within Charles River Discovery Services. Our clients' drug discovery efforts are an iterative and continuous process, and one seamless discovery organization will allow us to better engage with clients at the earliest stages of drug discovery and support their complex scientific needs. David Smith will lead the integrated Discovery Services business. He has been promoted to the position of Corporate Senior Vice President, Global Discovery Services. In this role, David will focus on expanding our in vitro and in vivo capabilities, and creating a more seamless drug discovery offering for our clients. David joined Charles River through the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus, and as Corporate Vice President, Early Discovery Services, has been responsible for leading their integration with Charles River. Prior to joining us, David was Chief Executive Officer of Galapagos Services, the contract research services division of Galapagos from which we acquired Argenta and BioFocus. David has more than 20 years of financial and operations management experience at organizations including AstraZeneca and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Working with David, Dr. Emily Hickey, Corporate Vice President, in vivo Discovery Services, will continue to manage the in vivo business. We also promoted Joe LaPlume to the position of Corporate Senior Vice President of Corporate Development. Joe has been managing our corporate development function, responsible for strategic transaction, which expand the company's early-stage portfolio and geographic footprint. Joe has been instrumental in enhancing the company's growth profile through the acquisitions of Accugenix, Vital River, Argenta and BioFocus and ChanTest, as well as multiple licensing transactions. We expect he will continue to identify strategic portfolio additions like those. Joe was formerly deputy General Counsel at Charles River; prior to joining us in 2005, had extensive experience in both corporate law and mergers and acquisitions. I'd also like to mention that in March 1, Dr. Jrg Geller will retire. Jrg has been with Charles River for more than 28 years and throughout his tenure, he's been one of the most effective operating managers. That was the reason that Jrg was the ideal choice to head our global efficiency initiatives. As Corporate Executive Vice President of Global Productivity and Efficiency, Jrg was responsible for overseeing the initiative to enhance efficiency and drive increased productivity across all of our businesses worldwide. Jrg has performed exceptionally in his role, as he always has, and we are very appreciative of his years of service. Following Jrg's retirement, Jeff Goldsmith, Corporate Vice President, North American Operations Optimization, will continue with these important global initiatives. I'd like provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance, beginning with the RMS segment. Revenue was $124 million, a 10-basis-point gain in constant currency. We were very pleased to see another quarter of year-over-year growth for research model sales in North America, which we believe the effects of consolidation of the biopharmaceutical industry are moderating. Although consolidation in Europe and Japan is continuing, the improvement in North America offset the declines in those geographies. Revenue for research model services was down slightly in the third quarter. As a reminder, research model services now includes only GEMS, RADS and IS since Discovery was consolidated into the DSA segment. The decline was due primarily to our GEMS business, mainly because one client significantly reduced the number of colonies that we maintain. We believe that this was a result of the normal assessment of the value-specific models by this client, and not indicative of any shift away from genetically engineered models or from our GEMS business. Translational medicine continues to drive development of more complex models of human disease. Working with these models is quite complicated, requiring expertise which most organizations do not have in-house. As a result, they're turning to us for the scientific knowledge required to manage their model colonies. We expect each of the research model services businesses will benefit, as global biopharmaceutical companies increase their use of outsourcing through earlier stages of discovery. And mid-tier biotechnology companies utilize better funding to invest in their pipelines. That said, you should bear in mind that research model services will face difficult comparisons over the next 4 quarters due to the termination of the NCI contract on September 25. As you know, this was an IS contract for the production of NCI models for academic and government researchers. We are continuing to produce those same models, but the revenues will be recorded in research models, rather than Research Model Services. The outreach program, which we launched in July, has progressed very well, and our estimated fourth quarter revenue shortfall, as a result of the contract termination, is unchanged at approximately $1.5 million. In the third quarter, the RMS operating margin decreased by just 30 basis points to 25.4%. This small decline was due primarily to lower GEMS revenue, as higher revenue in North America offset the impact of lower revenue in Europe and Japan. The operating margin also benefited from our efficiency initiatives, particularly the facility rationalizations in California and Michigan. The impact of our facility consolidation in Japan will be a benefit in 2015, and did not affect the third quarter results. We are continuing to identify opportunities to streamline our Research Model Services operation. And we believe that our annual RMS operation -- operating margin in the high-20% range is achievable. DSA revenue was $140.9 million, a 24.1% increase in constant currency. The Early Discovery business contributed $23.3 million in the third quarter, effectively in line with our expectations. The integration is progressing extremely well, and we have continued to make progress on our outreach to heads of R&D and other decision-makers at leading biopharmaceutical companies, as well as many of the larger mid-tier companies. We are meeting with these companies to discuss our ability to provide Early Discovery Services, including target discovery, medicinal chemistry and complex in vitro biology, and to continue to support research programs as they move downstream through in vivo discovery and safety assessment. With the acquisition of ChanTest, we will be able to offer what we believe is the most extensive portfolio of essential products and services designed to support our clients' drug discovery and early development efforts, and especially, in the area of risk assessment. We believe that the addition of ChanTest makes our value proposition even more compelling for clients, and will lead to the placement of additional work with us. The Safety Assessment business reported a mid-single-digit increase over the third quarter of 2013 and only a slight decline sequentially from the extremely strong second quarter. We were very pleased with this performance, which resulted from a combination of improved client demand, especially from the mid-tier, as well as our intense focus on scientific expertise, exceptional execution and outstanding client service. We believe that improved demand is demonstrated by increased inquiry levels, placement of studies, and higher capacity utilization as well as industry commentary generally. However, we also believe that our science, execution and client service are critical to our clients' decision to choose Charles River as their outsourcing partner. This is true for our global clients when they make the decision to reduce in-house infrastructure, and for our mid-tier clients who require a partner to provide the capabilities, which they do not have internally. As we work with our clients on the same side of the table, they gain confidence in our ability to provide a superior level of scientific expertise. We also recognize that we are committed to supporting the requirements as efficiently and cost effectively as possible. As a result of all these factors, backlog has been steadily building, capacity is filling, and we are evaluating our global network of facilities to determine the optimal method for capacity expansion in 2015. DSA operating margin declined by 170 basis points to 18.3% in the third quarter. But as you may recall, there were a number of tax-related items, which increased the DSA operating margin from the third quarter of last year. When excluding the tax items, the DSA margin would have increased when compared to last year, primarily as a result of leverage from higher Safety Assessment sales. We achieved the improvement, even including the Early Discovery business, which has an operating margin below the segment average. That said, the Early Discovery margin improved in the third quarter and we expect it will continued to improve in the fourth quarter. Tom will give you more detail about the DSA operating margin shortly. The Manufacturing Support segment delivered revenue growth of 12.9%, with each of the 3 businesses: EMD, Biologics and Avian, reporting revenue growth greater than 10% in constant currency. The PTS franchise is continuing to drive EMD business, as a result of our continuous product innovation. Each new PTS model is enabling us to target additional market opportunities, whether as a result of faster processing like the Nexus or improved connectivity like the Nexgen. Because of these capabilities, we are converting clients who use our traditional LAL testing methods to the PTS, and are taking market share as new clients make the change from other providers. We just introduced our latest innovative product at the PDA conference in late October. The PTS-Micro is a rapid test of bio bacterial contamination or bioburden; and like the PTS, is an important advance over current testing technologies, because it delivers significantly faster results. Our introduction of the PTS-Micro positions us as the only provider of real-time quality control monitoring products and services for pharmaceutical manufacturing, who can offer a combination of FDA-licensed rapid endotoxin testing, rapid bioburden testing and microbial identification, utilizing Accugenix's extensive bacteria library. We believe this is a clear distinction between Charles River and other competitors. As was the case with the PTS when we introduced it, we expect sales of the PTS-Micro to ramp slowly over the next few years. As we work with our key clients to solve their unmet needs for more rapid detection of bacterial contamination. We believe that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients will be a key driver of our global -- of our goal for the EMD business to continue to deliver at least low-double-digit organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. Our Biologics business also delivered double-digit revenue growth in the third quarter. As I explained last quarter, this business supports all testing services required to bring large molecules to market, including cell line characterization and banking, assay development and testing and viral clearance. We have invested in this business over the last few years and believe we have achieved our goals to become the premier provider of these services. During this time, we maintained our focus on efficiency, and are seeing the benefit now in margin expansion. We will continue to invest in this business, which is well positioned to benefit as the number of large molecule drugs in development and on the market increases. Manufacturing segment's third quarter operating margin was 33%, a gain of 130 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was due to both the EMD and Biologics businesses, the result of leverage from higher sales; and for Biologics, increased capacity utilization of the new building. We believe that a margin in the low 30% range is sustainable, and are working on improving efficiency in these businesses as well. I want to take a moment to comment on the performance of our clients segment. Our broader portfolio and sales strategies we initiate to promote the portfolio have been very effective in enabling us to create new and expand existing relationships with clients in all 3 segments: global key accounts, mid-tier and academic clients, and to take market share. Sales to global key accounts have stabilized, despite the consolidation in Europe and Japan, and the ongoing changes as other global biopharmaceutical companies as they realign their drug discovery and development process. The global key accounts, many of which have strategic relationships with us, have either increased the services they outsourced to us or are discussing the options for expansion. Sales to academic clients are also stable, as we have offset softer sales due to funding uncertainty with expanded relationships and market share gains. The mid-tier clients were the primary drivers of revenue growth in the third quarter, as they have been for most of the year. These clients are benefiting from robust funding from both the capital markets and from global biopharma and are investing heavily in their drug pipeline. As you know, the biotech model has always required outsourcing, since the majority of funding has been directed at drug discovery, rather than building infrastructure. We have built long-term relationships with many of these biotechs, but given their limited pipelines and our in vivo focus, they were only able to place work with us periodically. Now that we also provide Early Discovery Services, we have the opportunity to work with these clients from target discovery through IND filing. This provides a more significant value proposition for clients and a prospect for us to build larger, longer-term, truly strategic relationships. The opportunity to enhance our relevance to clients is at the heart of our portfolio expansion strategy, and our focus on scientific expertise. The addition of Early Discovery is enabling us to support clients through earlier stages of their research with our integrated drug discovery capabilities, and to stay with them through the entire early-stage process, a capability that no other CRO can fully match. We strongly believe that there will be additional acquisitions like ChanTest, through which we will be able to offer even more critical capabilities. Our ability to provide an increasingly compelling value proposition is very much dependent on expanding the scale of our current portfolio. However, building our business is not just about acquisitions. Continuous improvement and our investment in our people is also necessary. The depth of our scientific expertise is a significant differentiator between Charles River and other CROs, and is greatly appreciated by our clients. Target discovery and early in vitro testing are incredibly complex, and decisions are made at these stages about whether the next drug for cancer or Alzheimer's or Parkinson's progresses through the pipeline. We intend to nurture and expand our scientific expertise in order to continue to provide the exceptional support for which Charles River is known. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like Tom Ackerman to give you additional details on our third quarter results.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. We are very pleased with our third quarter performance. Earnings per share of $0.86 exceeded our prior outlook, primarily as a result of favorable operating results. We entered the third quarter facing a cumulative headwind of $4.4 million to operating income from tax-related items that provided a large benefit in the third quarter of 2013. As a result, we anticipated that the third quarter operating margin would decline year-over-year, which it did by 70 basis points. However, the third quarter margin of 17.8% exceeded our previous expectation. This was the result of continued strength in the manufacturing and DSA segments as well as foreign exchange. In addition to last year's tax-related items, the margin improvement was partially offset by higher unallocated corporate cost and the mix impact from the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition. Because of their importance to the year-over-year comparison, I would like to review the tax-related items that benefited the DSA segment's operating income by $4.4 million or 390 basis points in the third quarter of 2013. These items included a $1.7 million benefit from the U.K. tax law change, a $1.1 million gain from a real estate tax abatement in Scotland and $1.6 million benefit from a multiyear Canadian tax settlement related to R&D tax credits. The only tax-related item which also affected the third quarter of 2014 was the U.K. tax law change. This change, which we adopted in the third quarter of 2013, resulted in the reclassification of R&D income tax credits, the segment operating income and benefited the DSA operating margin by similar amounts in both the third quarters of 2014 and 2013. This is because the third quarter of 2013 included a true up for the second quarter, since the law was retroactive to April 1, 2013 and the third quarter of 2014 included an additional benefit from Argenta and BioFocus, which we acquired on April 1, 2014. In total, the tax-related items resulted in a net headwind of approximately 260 basis points to the DSA operating margin in third quarter of 2014. This was partially offset by foreign exchange, which benefited the DSA operating margin by approximately 60 basis points as a result of the weaker Canadian dollar. Excluding the tax-related items and FX, the DSA operating margin would have increased by 30 basis points year-over-year. This is a positive performance for the DSA segment, because the Early Discovery operating margin was dilutive to the DSA segment margin by approximately 70 basis points and by approximately 30 basis points to the consolidated operating margin. We said at the time of the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition that we expect this business's operating margin to improve over time, which it did in the third quarter. Given the movement of foreign exchange rates over the last 2 to 3 months, I will now provide additional detail on our foreign exchange exposure. As I just mentioned, foreign exchange contributed 60 basis points to the DSA operating margin, and nearly 30 basis points to consolidated operating margin in the third quarter. This is principally the result of our foreign exchange exposure in Canada, where we invoiced a majority of our revenue in U.S. dollars, but incurred most of our cost in Canadian dollars. U.S.A. -- U.S. Canadian dollar mix represents a change from several years ago when our revenue in Canada was more evenly split between U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. That shift occurred, because of a change in client mix. As you know, we are naturally hedged in most of our other geographic locales, where revenue and cost are recorded primarily in local currencies. As a result, the foreign exchange would translate to operating income at approximately the margin rate in these geographies. By currency, approximately 54% of our total revenue was generated in U.S. dollars in the third quarter. 18% in euros and 16% in British pounds, which reflects an increase related to Argenta and BioFocus' U.K. footprint. Sales in Canadian dollars and Japanese yen each represented another 4% of revenue and the Chinese yuan contributed 2%. Current spot rates in all currencies are less favorable than at the beginning of the year therefore we expect an FX headwind in the fourth quarter and in 2015. Based on the current rates, foreign exchange would reduce revenue by slightly more than 1% in the fourth quarter and by up to 2% in 2015. The impact on 2015 EPS would be approximately $0.05. We anticipate that rates may be volatile through the end of the year and into next year, and plan to update you on our FX assumptions for 2015 when we issue guidance in February. Unallocated corporate cost increased to $2.1 million from the third quarter of last year, thereby reducing third quarter operating margin by approximately 70 basis points year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by higher stock compensation expense related to the performance of stock units or PSUs, that we began to issue on 2013. Costs associated with the PSUs increased in the third quarter of 2014 due to the fact that the company has performed very well this year, as well as to an increase in the number of managers having been included in the program this year. Unallocated corporate cost were up $0.2 million lower sequentially, and we continue to expect these costs to be at or slightly below 6.5% of total revenue in 2014. I will now discuss earnings per share. Third quarter EPS growth of 8.9% was driven primarily by higher sales, as well as the tax rate and the benefit from stock repurchases, particularly the second quarter repurchase activity. The comparison to the third quarter of last year was negatively affected by tax-related items and a limited partnership investment gain that benefited the third quarter of 2013 by $0.02 and $0.05 per share, respectively. A gain a $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2013 related to our limited partnership investments in large life science venture capital funds, which we report in other income. In the third quarter of this year, you should note that we booked a $0.01 loss on these investments. Despite this loss on our limited partnership investments, other income net was $0.3 million in third quarter of 2014 because the investment loss and other miscellaneous items were more than offset by a $2.1 million gain related to the termination of the NCI contract and associated transfer of assets at our RMS facility in Maryland. Since other income is principally driven by investment gains or losses that are largely based on market returns and are difficult to predict, we have not forecast any gains or losses in the fourth quarter in other income. The $0.11 year-to-date gain in 2014 creates a significant headwind for EPS next year. Net interest expense was $2.6 million in the third quarter, an increase of $0.4 million year-over-year due to higher debt balances associated with the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus. However, net interest expense decreased $0.5 million from the second quarter. We now expect 2014 net interest expense to be $11.5 million to $12 million, which is below our prior outlook of $12 million to $14 million, due primarily to debt repayment in the third quarter. This revised outlook includes a small amount of interest expense associated with the ChanTest acquisition for the final 2 months of 2014. The non-GAAP tax rate decreased significantly year-over-year from 31.1% last year to 27.1% in the third quarter of 2014. The decrease was primarily the result of $2 million of additional tax expense in the third quarter of 2013, associated with an ongoing tax audit related to Canadian transfer of pricing. With a year-to-date tax rate of 27.2%, we have narrowed our non-GAAP tax rate outlook to a range of 27% to 27.5% for 2014. Free cash flow was $57.4 million in the third quarter and $122.4 million year-to-date. We currently expect 2014 free cash flow to be in a range of $180 million to $185 million, which represents an increase of $10 million to $15 million over 2013. This is at the lower end of our previous range of $180 million to $190 million, due to higher-than-expected DSOs and additional cash expenses such as severance and acquisition-related cost. DSOs increased to 59 days in the third quarter, 1 day above the second quarter level and 3 days above the year end 2013. We don't believe increase in DSOs represents additional collection risk. However, we are working to improve DSOs in the fourth quarter. We have revised our CapEx estimate to the lower end of our previous range of $55 million to $60 million for the year due to timing. As we reiterated in August, our top priority for capital deployment continues to be disciplined M&A activity, strengthen our early-stage portfolio and drive profitable growth. We will also deploy capital to repurchase shares and repay debt, as we did in the third quarter by repurchasing approximately 380,000 shares of stock, at $20.4 million and repaying $33.2 million in debt. For the fourth quarter, we currently plan to limit our stock repurchase activity due to the completion of the ChanTest acquisition. As a result, we could see the diluted share count increase slightly in the fourth quarter. We paid $52 million for ChanTest with a potential earn-out of up to an additional $2 million, representing a trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA multiple of 7.6x. We financed approximately half of the purchase price using our revolver, and the remainder with cash on hand. ChanTest will become part of our Discovery Services business and be reported in the DSA segment. It is expected to add approximately 1% to annual revenue and be modestly accretive to 2015 EPS. Given the timing of the close, with only 2 months left in the year, ChanTest is expected to provide only a minimal benefit to 2014 revenue, and be neutral to 2014 EPS. As Jim discussed, we updated our 2014 sales guidance to 10% to 11%, or the high end of previous range and raised our non-GAAP EPS guidance from $3.33 to $3.38. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate that normal seasonal trends will result in revenue, operating margin and EPS below the third quarter levels. The softer seasonal sales volume is expected to have a more pronounced impact on the RMS segment, consistent with historical trends. In recent years, the RMS segment's operating margin has dipped below 25% in the fourth quarter, and we also expect this to occur in 2014. In addition, the termination of the NCI contract and subsequent transition of the Frederick, Maryland facility to a commercial research model operation is expected to result in a small and incremental headwind in the fourth quarter. While there could be a slight down -- slowdown in order activity at the DSA and Manufacturing Support segments around the year-end holidays, we anticipate that the robust underlying trends for these businesses will continue to drive our year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter and into 2015. The high end of our 2014 guidance range suggests that fourth quarter EPS will be at a similar level to last year as the benefit from year-over-year revenue growth is expected to be offset by increases in unallocated corporate cost, as well as in the tax rate. Last year's fourth quarter tax rate benefited from several discrete items, resulting in a low 22.8% non-GAAP rate. We expect a more normalized tax rate this year. We are very pleased with our third quarter performance, which has enabled us to increase our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the third time this year. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, I want to ask about some of the gives and takes on the research model business. You talked about North America being a little bit stronger, obviously still some softness in Europe and Japan. But going back to the Analyst Day, when you talked about a path to get back to kind of mid-single digit growth for that business, can you maybe just talk about the trajectory from here? When do you see Europe and international markets getting better? And what's the growth rate you're seeing in the U.S. now for animal model?
James C. Foster: Yes, sure. We -- the U.S. market has stabilized now for a couple of quarters, and we're pleased to see that. It's very much related to consolidation and infrastructure reduction activity, which of course is virtually impossible to predict. But there has been a fair amount of it, plus we continue to get some price. We've historically seen Europe and Japan lag the U.S. for things like infrastructure reductions. We're certainly seeing it this time as well. So there's been more activity there for the last couple of years. Those locales have been declining. And U.S. has been essentially offsetting it nicely. We would expect that at some point, the declines in infrastructure reductions overseas would slow down as well and level off. We do believe that the long term, we will continue to be able to get price in the research model business worldwide. We're going to continue to have some increased growth in China. We can't forget that locale that's a new business for us, which is growing nicely. We're going to continue to have a slight improvement in mix as the models get more valuable: Inbreds and hybrids and transgenic and immuno-compromised animals. And also, yes, remember that part of that segment will be -- is related to the service businesses. And we would expect to see continued growth in all of them. And we at -- GEMS is a little slow this quarter, because of one major client. But we think that genetically engineered models will play a critical role. So modest growth in units, continued growth in improvement in price, continued improvement in mix and some increasing demand for services, pretty much across all 3 service lines that are left in research model. So we feel pretty good that business will track low- to mid-single digits sort of for the long term. And we ought to begin to see that as Europe and Japan stabilize.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. If I could just one clarification for comment and I'll hop off. On capital deployment, you talked about $50 million remaining at the Analyst Day, obviously you've done the deal here. Any change in your target leverage ratio going forward? And should we think about kind of deals being off the table for the first part of next year? I'm just trying to understand here that position [ph].
Thomas F. Ackerman: I don't see any changes in our leverage outlook. We count our stocks historically about being somewhere in the mid-2s. I missed the very first part, did you ask about CapEx or...
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, no, it's capital deployment. So it's the same question, what would you change your target leverage ratios or...
Thomas F. Ackerman: No. I mean, we're -- I think our target would be around the same. And I don't see our outlook for that or our targets for that impacting our M&A, particularly given the sizing of most of the candidates that we've actually look at in the free cash flow that we do generate.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Sandy Draper with SunTrust.
Alexander Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I guess maybe just following up, Jim, on your comment about the strength primarily coming from mid-tier biotech, and a lot of that coming from the investments. As you look at the large pharma guys, do you feel like as they're looking at the early stage is primarily coming from those investments in the mid-tier smaller guys? Or what's your sense of what the actual larger pharma guys are doing in the early stages, and how they're acting?
James C. Foster: Yes, so we would expect -- look, our business with our global accounts is very strong. But that scenario where there are -- there's a lot of consolidation and reduction in capacity. So that's why we're seeing larger revenue in total to biotechs, which of course to a large extent have become a proxy for the large pharma companies, for a lot of the discovery efforts. And it's a more straightforward proposition with the smaller companies to do the discovery work, because while they do, obviously some internally, they're happy to use external resources. We're feeling that as we have a larger portfolio, of course we've been out now since -- we've been out for many years. We've been at it since we did Argenta and BioFocus in April. Meeting with all the heads of R&D for all the major drug companies and most of the major biotech companies about this expanded portfolio. The reception is really quite positive. Companies that weren't even thinking about outsourcing, we've engaged them in conversations. Clients with whom we do some -- do some outsourcing with us are really interested in a larger value proposition. And we feel really good about the fact that ChanTest expands that even further. So we're quite confident we're going to have continued good uptake with biotech companies, and expanded opportunities with Big pharma companies; both those that we already have strategic deals with who want to expand those, others that we're having conversations real-time right now about larger deals to talk about a comprehensive integrated program, to start very, very early and go all the way through drug development that there are significant opportunities with those. And it takes a while to get the story out and clients need to have some confidence in both the depth and breadth of our capability across multiple therapeutic areas. And of course, we now have that both in vivo and in vitro. So it's a more powerful and comprehensive conversation.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The questions relate to your DS&A segment and specifically there's been a lot of consolidation in the industry outside of what you've been doing proactively here. And 2 of your recent large peers recently merged. They've already started closing sites. I'm just curious, does all of this discovery and preclinical, nonclinical M&A activity: How is changing the market environment? Is it changing client decision cycles, changing pricing dynamics, and what might be the impact of some of your peers actually starting the process of closing down facilities?
James C. Foster: Yes, Eric. That activity is continuing. I would say that the amounts of I would say have either been closed or contemplated to be closed are relatively modest. Obviously, the closure of any facilities, assuming they were well utilized previously and one doesn't really know that, but assuming they were, shrinks the overall amount of capacity in the system, which should be beneficial to the rest of we players. So I think directionally, it's obviously a good thing. I do think that this industry has been waiting for and need some consolidation, given the capacity glut that we've had for the last 5 years. But while you have some of that, you also have unquestionably, an increased demand across many of our clients for those that have better pipelines, and those that are shutting down infrastructure. So demand is much better. Our capacity is getting quite full, as we've said in the prepared remarks. We'll be looking to expand capacity in the next fiscal year. The good news with all the capacity we built is that we have space available. And we can get it online relatively quickly. We have other space available that either has been closed or wasn't fully finished that we can get online with some further investment and in validation of hiring of employees. So I think what you're going to see across all of the major players, let's say, the top 6 is, we will all be fuller, clients will wait a bit longer, we should hopefully get some pricing power, because the only difficulty with the preclinical business right now is the price point, which are lower than they ought to be given the complexity of the work. And this whole supply and demand imbalance seems to be improving significantly, and we should see more balance next year.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Jim, could you talk at all -- and I'm sorry if I missed this, but could you talk at all about pricing that you've seen recently in the Safety Assessment marketplace?
James C. Foster: It's pretty modest. We're getting some pricing with certain types of studies across certain clients, depending on the nature and complexity of the work. I would say that the spot pricing scenario that we talked about previously is -- doesn't seem to be very apparent. So while we directionally see the opportunities for additional pricing, I would say that it's still quite subtle, as is still a fair amount of space in the system. But it's unquestionably filling up. We can tell that based upon how long it's taking us to start studies or clients that might otherwise utilize the competitor, and they're calling us because they're waiting too long for a competitor or vice versa. So it's all sort of solidifying and shoring up. And of course, our margins are continuing to improve, as a result to better capacity utilization, as a result of better mix, probably a small amount to price. And also the benefit of efficiency initiatives that we've driven for the last -- we've driven seriously for the last 5 or 6 years and continue to do so.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: My question is where do you see the longer-term potential for margins in Discovery Services? If we're doing the math right, it seems like ChanTest is quite profitable compared to your other legacy Discovery Services businesses. So is there a potential for that to approach some of your higher-margin areas like manufacturing?
James C. Foster: We look at that whole segment from an operating margin point of view, without breaking out the pieces. So as we've said, we are quite confident that we'll get DSA to 20% all in fully loaded. Obviously, we have different margin profiles in different businesses there. We're focused on getting the 20% first. And once we achieve that, we'll continue to drive margins and talk to you about better profitability. We are definitely making great inroads in the safety assessment fees. And the discovery business, I think as we continue to build scale, should help and be accretive to that process.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And Tom, one quick follow-up. It was helpful to have you quantify the FX impact. Next year, I think you said a $0.05 hit. Any other key factors that we should be thinking about as we take an early look at models in 2015?
Thomas F. Ackerman: No, not really. I mean we did mention the FX. And I also noted that we haven't locked into anything at this point. There's just been a lot of chatter about foreign exchange out there so we thought we'd address it head-on rather than Q&A. I did mention that we've reported a lot of other income this year from our venture capital funds. It's an extremely difficult area to predict, and generally, we kind of stay away from that. So that creates a little bit of a headwind as well. But beyond that, I think it's more of about the basic trends, which we did touch on a little bit, but without making too many comments about the underlying trends at each business for 2015, which we'll address in February.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Saurabh Singh - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Saurabh Singh in for Ricky Goldwasser. I was wondering in the DSA business, if you look at the organic growth backing out the Early Discovery, it seems like it's for 4.5%, give or take. I know that your goal is mid- to high-single digits, so what do you think is going to drive that. Is that going to be driven mostly by Early Discovery and cross-selling, or improvement in the safety assessment business as well?
James C. Foster: We've consistently said that we see the Safety Assessment business at the moment has a lot to do with the price paradigm as a mid single-digit growth business, which is essentially where it's at, of course, we had much higher growth for the second quarter. As we explain and nuanced in the second quarter, this business is not linear. The studies starts in the middle of quarters, and some are -- provide higher growth potential over prior years, and sequentially than others. So we have to look at Safety Assessment and we're trying to get you folks to look at it the same way, which is it's on an annual basis. And so yes, we're quite confident on its own as currently structured in price, Safety Assessment will do mid-single. I -- we hope to get that to high single in the not-too-distant future. But we're going to need some price and some further capacity utilization for that to happen.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Sung Ji Nam with Cantor.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Jim, I was wondering, you talked about you're in discussions with some of the large pharma with -- for potential strategic partnerships. And kind of curious as to, given that we haven't heard any recently, just kind of, if you could kind of talk about where the discussions are. And kind of maybe what the biggest hurdles might be at this point, in terms of your customer is kind of moving forward with some of these strategic partnerships?
James C. Foster: So we rarely get to announce them because clients don't want us to go public with those, for whatever reasons. I mean, we've only have one that's allowed that. So we have to talk about them collectively and euphemistically, as we will continue to do. And I wouldn't say there are any hurdles. I mean, different companies have different perspectives on outsourcing, and they have different philosophies on it. And some are aggressively driving it and immediately see the benefit. And that's not -- and some of them are very, very strong companies financially and others aren't. So they come in all shapes and sizes. I'd say that there's a whole group of companies that are sort of trying it, and testing it out. And obviously, we have to prevail upon them by doing really good work to do more of that. And there are a small number of large clients who have historically done everything in-house, and are a bit reluctant and slow to really embrace outsourcing. But I would say that along all 3 of those paradigms, everybody seems to be moving sort of over to the right, which is that they're more open to outsourcing and more interested in it. So it has to do with how much infrastructure they have, what do their pipelines look like, what do their P&Ls look like, how much have they historically done. And what their relationship is with us and comfort level is in our ability to do this sort of work. And on the pure discovery side, which is a big focus of ours. I mean, look obviously, Safety Assessment we have a huge ability, greater than all of our clients. And it's just simply a matter of them deciding that they no longer want to do the work, which most of them have. Discovery, particularly for large pharma, they've done their work inside and as we build a bigger capability, which we're doing as of our announcement yesterday with the further acquisition, I think it's helping to move them along the trajectory as well. So we're quite confident that current deals will expand, and new deals will happen. The receptivity is quite positive with clients and they are really listening and they're -- our capabilities have to be in sync with their desire and need and philosophical openness to do this. And we're seeing that in an increasing number of clients.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Adam Wieschhaus: This is Adam Wieschhaus filling in for Doug. As we think about the medium-term horizon, given you're strong in building Early Discovery portfolio, how are you thinking about potentially gaining more economics from your customers? And will there be opportunities to perhaps leverage strong customer relationships as they go from the Early Discovery work to more downstream in the development process?
James C. Foster: What you're asking -- you're asking about how we're going to get greater pricing out of the clients, or just do more work with them generally, or both?
Unknown Analyst: More of the second question.
James C. Foster: Yes. So we have a large growing portfolio that gives us the capability to provide an integrated service to clients that want it. So certainly, with regard to small molecules, we can actually identify targets, develop -- actually develop the drug for the clients and test it in vitro and in multiple stages of in vivo. All that work has to be done by someone. They can do it all internally. They can use 20 different CROs. They can use 2 different CROs. But we could do it all. And we have competitors in lots of parts and pieces of what we do, but we don't have any competitors across the whole portfolio. So as the clients have a greater interest in this, and our portfolio continues to strengthen, and as we continue to do better -- more work, more expansive work for them, I think that's how their confidence level grows. So our strategy is very clear. We're going to continue to invest heavily in the quality of our staff, most of whom are coming from the pharmaceutical and biotech industries, so that we kind of look our clients. We're going to have greater relationship with venture capitalists and NGOs and academic institutions. And we are going to aggressively buy -- do strategic acquisition to expand this portfolio, and try to buy the best-in-class businesses across multiple therapeutic areas, both in vivo and in vitro, large and small molecules, so that the client can comfortably outsource. And you have to understand, a lot of these companies who -- obviously a lot of these companies we buy are already providing lots of services to lots of their clients. So this sort of preordained, we sort of do -- do very good preliminary due diligence on them. And the aggregation of these companies has just built a stronger capability for us. So we're just going to stay focused on our strategy and continue to drive greater growth, we're having capabilities to support these clients.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
James Clark: This is James Clark in for Ross. I was just wondering on the RMS slide, you talked about some opportunities to get operating margins up into the high 20% range. I was just wondering if you've identified any specific actions that you could talk about. And then how much of that OM expansion is dependent on a pickup in volume?
James C. Foster: We're in a hunt right now to do this. I mean, our operating margins for, I think, last quarter in that sector were like 29%. So they move around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. We have lower volume in research models in Q3 versus Q2, and lower again in Q4. Although the first of those, obviously very strong. So I think as the business is currently, the constituent parts and pieces of this business can very soon deliver high-20s margin, given the margin portfolio of the service businesses and the product business, obviously it depends upon ability to continue to get price, which we think that we can and ability to drive efficiency. We have spent more time driving efficiency in the preclinical business over the last 5 years, and are now getting very serious about doing end-research models, which of course is an older business that we know well, but it's been very, very manual in a lot of ways. And there's lots of specification, and IT initiatives that we are in the process of bringing to that business. So we're going to be driving that harder over the next couple of years. And we're very, very confident that we can have operating margins sustainable in the high 20s.
Operator: We'll go to line of Rafael Tejada with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Derik De Bruin in for Rafael. Can -- I guess at your Analyst Day, you mentioned that in the Safety Assessment business, you felt it was about 70% capacity utilization right now. Is that -- if you still put that number right -- is that still where your same thought right now. And I guess, what do you think that could be at the end of '15?
James C. Foster: That was industry. Yes, we think -- we think industry is around 70%. And I think it can certainly be at 75%, and probably at 80%, given the demand that we're seeing. We have a very strong business, but we have 18%, 19% market share. So we don't have all the work. So 80% of the business is going elsewhere. So everybody has to be filling we all have incremental space. We only know what we -- we only know exactly what our capacity of utilization is. And while we don't put that out there publicly, we obviously know what it is, and we've said publicly that it's higher than the industry. So we expect everyone is filling, and while we all probably have space that we can, will and should open, we're going to be really careful. I think I can speak for everyone, we'll be really careful about how we do that. So we don't cause a glut on the market again. By the same token, it's actually good for our clients that we have space to do that, so they don't have to wait unnaturally long periods of time. So I think that we've seen the market expansion in the industry about 1,000 basis points for the last 2 years. That's possible we can do that again this year. But sure, we'll get to the mid to high 70s, I would imagine by the end of '15. And that would be...
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great.
James C. Foster: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just one question. I know we always talk about pricing and talks in Safety Assessment. But what's going on in the animal model side of business? Are you still getting pricing on the -- your rodent models?
James C. Foster: Yes. We're getting about 2% to 3% net. Prices -- price lift increases are higher, but we have lots of clients that are price protected, lots of big deals, et cetera, et cetera. But on a global basis, we're getting about 2% to 3% net.
Operator: And we'll go to line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a question on Argenta and BioFocus. That duo has outperformed the revenue expectations, at least we had in the first couple of quarters. I wondered if there's any seasonality in their businesses relative to kind of how I think about their contribution trending sequentially in the fourth quarter?
James C. Foster: We're just pausing, because we don't think so. That's a business that has lots of long-term -- some of this -- some of this stays out longer in nature, some are multiyear contracts. So we target IV for instance. Some are shorter in nature, but a lot of that work is contracted early on, on an FTE basis, in particular. They have a very good visibility, and I think it sort of falls the way it falls. It falls the way it's contracted from year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter. So it sort of feels like it's more consistent throughout the four quarters than some of our other businesses are. But it could probably last [ph] a little bit longer to, as we put it together with our business to know that categorically. But I would suspect it's going to feel a little bit like some aspects of Safety Assessment and some of our other services. So probably less impacted by holidays and year's step in the research model.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on sticking with DSA, I apologize again if you may have covered a little bit of this. But I want to understand the dynamic of Argenta and BioFocus coming in, supposedly having lower margin, maybe it's the difference between gross and net -- gross and operating margin that I don't fully understand. But DSA gross margin was better, despite organic growth being kind of low. And Argenta and BioFocus, I thought, would kind of drag down margin on margin at the margin. And so could you help me understand the mix issues that are going on in that segment that are affecting both gross margin and operating margin line with those 2 now in there?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes. We're just speaking to the operating margin line, Dave, which we had touched on, which is fine. It actually did create a headwind. I think we said it was 70 basis points in DSA, and 30 basis points at the bottom line at the OI level. So clearly, while it's contributing an additional or incremental operating income in sales, at this point in time, it does create a little bit of a drag on those respective margins. But it did improve from Q2 to Q3. And as we talked about before, it is our objective to. And we believe we can continue to improve those margins over time.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And Tom, does it have a higher gross margin but a higher SG&A load? Or is that not the case?
Thomas F. Ackerman: No, I don't think it's anything out of the ordinary, Dave. I mean, I think their SG&A is somewhat in line with the overall or the other businesses. It's a typical service business where the margin -- gross margins are different from a product business. It's reliant on people in space and things like that.
Operator: [indiscernible]
Unknown Analyst: Jim, I know we touched on tox in the outsourcing. I know a bulk of that is already outsourced today. And you've made references to some large pharma that may be still are reluctant to embrace outsourcing. I was just curious if there's any kind of factors you look at in the marketplace that you think could trigger more of that outsourcing, or more of that work coming into the outsourcing space to create an opportunity for Charles River. And I guess along those lines, are there any large asset transfer deals still being shopped around the marketplace today?
James C. Foster: Yes to the last question. But there are always are. And we look at the model with some reluctance, given the amounts of space that we have, and given the nature of those facilities from an efficiency point of view versus ours. But I think those are always kind of out there. You sort of have to look, depending on where they are geographically and what sort of business comes, or doesn't come with. Outsourcing is only about 50%, maybe 50 -- sort of 45% to 55%, so it's about half outsourced. There's a lot of work still done internally. There's very few companies that do all of their long-term tox internally, just a few. And there are some smallest -- kind of smaller pharmaceutical companies that historically have done majority of their work internally. So it's cultural and it has to do with their financial pressure from drugs rolling off patent up pipelines that kind of causes them to focus in on an area that they've been comfortable doing internally, and have to take a look at outsourcing capabilities. And of course, when they the do that, seriously they find out that companies like us have capabilities that far exceed theirs and the value proposition is quite good, or companies that have just managed their P&L extraordinarily well and have to continue to drive additional EPS and understand the power of outsourcing. So we feel it's quite inevitable, particularly with Safety Assessment that the vast majority of all this work is going to be outsourced. They need to retain a very small internal capability to manage us and to manage conversations with the FDA. And we've certainly seen that with the biotech companies. And so, there's not much that we can do to trigger that, except be out there, do good work, execute well, and have a good reputation, and continue to call on these companies and tell them about the benefits of outsourcing. But you can see more and more companies being open to it, virtually every quarter.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Hagan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Stephen Hagan on for George. Kind of a similar follow-on question. You mentioned that you're looking -- seen more kind of partnerships from the larger strategic clients. I'm wondering what's driving that, instead of them trying to keep most of the capabilities in-house?
James C. Foster: What's driving that is necessity on their part to improve their internal value proposition, refine their infrastructure, reduce cost and invest their money, where they can get the best return. A lot of them are still doing discovery internally, but even that is beginning to be outsourced. Then most of the development efforts can be done well externally. So I think it's a fiscal need, and it's the growth and evolution of the drug industry that's gotten them to the point of having to -- having in line to utilize outsourcing as a lever, providing leverage to utilize their cash and people better. And as long as companies like us continue to invest in infrastructure and science and execution and IT interface, more work is going to come outside.
Stephen Hagan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then as kind of that grows, are you seeing a mix shift in terms of your customers? Or are you still seeing a fairly consistent mix between large customers, midsize customers and then small biotech?
James C. Foster: We've seen our mid-tier clients, which is primarily the biotech industry as of the last 12 to 18 months be a larger proportion of our revenue than large pharma, which is exactly what you would expect to see, given that they net outsourcers, and given the fact that pharma is the bank rolling them to fuel other discovery work.
Operator: And at this time, there are no questions in queue.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 18:40:08) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexander Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Chris Lin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, to Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our second quarter results and update guidance for 2014. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844. The access code in either case is 324004. The replay will be available through August 22. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 25, 2014, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results on future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Information link. Before turning the call over to Jim Foster, I'd like to mention our upcoming Investor Day on August 12, in New York. If you would like to attend, please call or send an e-mail. My contact information is on the press release. Jim, Please go ahead.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd Like to begin by providing a summary of our second quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. My comments address the new business segment, on which Tom will give you more details shortly. We reported sales of $341.2 million in the second quarter of 2014, a 15.9% increase over the prior year. The acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus contributed 8% to second quarter revenue and foreign exchange, 1.4%. All 3 business segments reported sales increases. In constant currency, RMS gained 30 basis points, DSA gained 31.4% and Manufacturing gained 15.2%. In addition to the benefit of the acquisition, we saw improved sales to many of our global accounts. And as they did in the first quarter, mid-tier clients again generated a double-digit sales increase. Sales to academic and government clients also increased, primarily due to Research Model sales in China. I'm very pleased to tell you that year-over-year, the consolidated operating margin improvement -- improved by 170 basis points to 19%. Margins increased in all 3 segments, due primarily to a combination of leverage from higher sales and benefits from our efficiency initiative. Earnings per share were $0.97 in the second quarter, an increase of 32.9% from $0.73 in the second quarter of 2013. Our limited partnership investments contributed $0.04 in the quarter. Once again, we are increasing our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance by $0.10 to a range of $3.25 to $3.35. This increase reflects both the outstanding second quarter performance, as well as the gain from our limited partnership investments. We remain confident that successful execution of our sales strategies and integration of Argenta and BioFocus will enable us to achieve this guidance. Like the first quarter, the second quarter results continue to demonstrate 3 over-arching strategies that are fundamental to the positioning Charles River -- to positioning Charles River as the partner of choice for outsourced drug research services: Productivity and efficiency initiatives, portfolio expansion and sales strategies. The productivity and efficiency initiatives have enabled us to maintain and enhance Charles River's leading market position as a premier provider of essential drug discovery in early-stage development solutions. We can provide cost-effective solutions tailored to meet each client's specific need, and because we operate more efficiently, we have been able to meet our client's needs without compromising scientific expertise or client service. This, in turn, has provided clients with the resources they require in lieu of in-house capabilities and supported their goal to increase the use of outsourced services with a reliable scientific partner. The acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus is a prime example of growth through our portfolio expansion strategy. We are extremely pleased with the progress we have made to date. The 90-day integration plan was completed successfully, and second quarter revenue was slightly ahead of our acquisition plan. We have also made significant progress on our outreach to heads of R&D and other decision-makers at the leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as many of the larger mid-tier companies. We are meeting with these companies to discuss our ability to provide early Discovery Services including target discovery, medicinal chemistry and complex in vitro biology, and to continued to support research programs as they move downstream through in vivo discovery and safety assessment. Clients are evaluating the placement of additional work streams with us, which will enable them to outsource integrated drug discovery and early-stage development programs to a single provider. We believe our value proposition is resonating with many clients, which we believe will result in the expected sales synergies in 2015 and beyond. The second quarter results also demonstrate the effectiveness of our third strategy. Targeted sales efforts. We have developed specific plans for each of our clients' segments, global BioPharma, mid-tier biotech, and academic and government. Our strategic relationships with global clients are continuing to evolve and the introduction of early discovery capabilities is enabling these clients to work more closely with us. After a slow start in the first quarter, several of these clients significantly increased their spending with us in the second quarter. However, the high-teens sales growth of the mid-tier clients outpaced the other segment. We have increased our focus on mid-tier, not only because these clients are benefiting from robust funding, but also because they are the ideal clients for our new early discovery capabilities. Many of the mid-tier clients do not maintain infrastructure, and in some cases, they are virtual. Outsourcing to a partner like Charles River who can work with them at the earliest stages of their molecule and stay with them throughout medicinal development, preclinical development, meets their need for scientific expertise and continuity of service. I'd like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment performance. I'll begin with the RMS segment, which now includes both small and large research models, as well as GEMS, RADS and outsourcing solutions. Sales were $133.1 million, a 30-basis-point gain in constant currency. Consolidation of the biopharmaceutical industry, closure of biopharmaceutical facilities and the evolution of drug development to eliminate molecules earlier in the process are resulting in continuing soft demand for Research Models. Sales of models declined by 70 basis points in constant currency year-over-year. The impact is now most evident in Europe and Japan, which tend to lag the North American market. Sales in North America increased as did sales in China. This marks the second consecutive quarter that we have seen improvement in commercial sales in North America, and we are optimistic that market share gains, particularly in the mid-tier and academia, will enable us to continue to drive growth. Our service businesses reported higher sales in the second quarter primarily due to our GEMS business. Because of the importance of translational medicine, researchers are developing more complex models of human disease. Producing these models is quite complicated, requiring expertise, which most organizations do not have in-house. As a result, they are turning to us for the scientific knowledge required to manage their model colonies. We expect GEMS, RADS and IS to benefit as global biopharmaceutical companies increase the use of outsourcing at the earlier stages and mid-tier biotechnology companies utilize higher funding to invest in their pipeline. I want to take this opportunity to discuss the recent news that the National Cancer Institute canceled the contract with Charles River. Initiated in 2006, this was a 10-year $112 million contract for our Insourcing Solutions business, which had only 2 years remaining. Under the contract, we produced NCI research models for academic and government researchers. Because we will continue to produce the same models, there will be very little change to Charles River's business and the transition will be seamless for researchers. We launched an outreach program to inform researchers that they can continue to obtain the NCI models from us with no change in initial pricing or logistics. From a revenue standpoint, we received between $10 million and $11 million annually to produce the model and expect that we will retain only half of that amount from sales to researchers. That would mean a revenue shortfall in the fourth quarter of only about $1.5 million. Primarily as a result of our efficiency initiatives, the RMS operating margin increased by 150 basis points to 29% in the second quarter. I want to point out that we achieved this improvement independent of the profitable EMD business, which was formally included in the RMS segment. As you know, our efficiency initiatives are focused on various areas including capacity utilization, inventory management and automation to improve data access and reduce manual workload. We are continuing to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operation, and we believe that an annual RMS operating margin in the high 20% range is achievable. DSA sales were $142.6 million, a 31.4% increase in constant currency. This segment is comprised of all of our Discovery businesses, including Argenta and BioFocus and the Safety Assessment business. Argenta and BioFocus, which are now referred to as Early Discovery, contributed $23.5 million in the second quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations. The Safety Assessment business was the other significant driver of sales growth. For the first time since 2008, sales growth exceeded 10%. We were extremely pleased with its performance, which resulted from our intense focus on scientific expertise and client service and market share gain. However, demand is variable on a quarterly basis, and you should not expect to see this level of growth consistently. I remind you that our annual guidance for DSA sales in 2014, excluding Argenta and BioFocus, is mid-single-digits. It's likely that we will see quarters of higher and lower growth, but on a year-over-year basis, we expect to achieve our targeted growth rate. As a result of leverage from higher safety assessment sales, the U.K. tax law change and foreign exchange, the DSA operating margin increased by 360 basis points to 17.1% in the second quarter. I remind you that operating margins for Argenta and BioFocus are below the segment average, but we expect to improve them. Efficiency gains resulting from initiatives we put in place over the last few years are enabling us to accommodate the increasing volume of studies on a relatively stable infrastructure and generate an improved operating margin. We are focused on standardization and harmonization of processes, on creating centers of excellence rather than recreating expertise in every location, and utilizing technology to provide clients with access to the data in real-time and on efforts to ensure that the client experience is the same high quality no matter at which of our facilities they place work. As a result, we have improved our ability to manage the workload while using fewer study rooms and fewer personnel. This outcome has enabled us to provide scientific expertise efficiently and at a reasonable price, which appeals to all clients. I previously mentioned that we opened additional space in Edinburgh last year to absorb the volume from new strategic relationships, and we recently opened a few study rooms at our Ohio facility. As clients increasingly choose to place work with Charles River, we will continue to add the required space with little or no impact on margin. We are careful about adding space, because despite the fact that our capacity is nearing full utilization, pricing will not improve significantly until industry capacity has filled as well. That said, we have won proposals where we are not the lowest bidder. When scientific expertise is a critical criterion, Charles River is often the preferred provider. The Manufacturing Support segment delivered sales growth of 15.2%, with each of the 3 businesses EMD, Biologics and Avian contributing. The EMD business was largest driver of the segment sales increase, reporting exceptional sales growth of nearly 20% in constant currency. The PTS franchise continued to exhibit strength as we sold additional instruments and cartridges and continued to take share in the conventional testing market. As I've noted previously, the ease-of-use, accuracy of results, and processing speed make the PTS an ideal instrument for endotoxin detection. Because of these capabilities, we are converting clients who use our traditional LAL testing method to the PTS and taking market share as new clients make the change from other providers. Accugenix has been an excellent addition to the portfolio, not only because it is a leader in the field of microbial identification, but also because it allows clients to test for and identify contaminants with a single provider. We expect that EMD will continue to deliver at least low double-digit organic sales growth for the foreseeable future as new products are introduced, and as we to continue our efforts to convert large biopharmaceutical manufacturers' central laboratories to the PTS cartridge technology. I want to describe our biologics business for you because this business has become more important to our portfolio, as large molecules increasingly represent a more significant proportion of drugs in development. Biologics provides all testing services required to bring large molecules to market, including cell line characterization and banking, assay development and testing, and viral clearance, recognizing that large molecule drugs were becoming more important, we undertook an initiative to become the leader in biologics testing. We have expanded our portfolio with the acquisition of new labs and through internal development. We strengthened our organization by deepening our management team and adding scientific expertise. We built the state-of-the-art facility to provide capacity for new business, and throughout, we maintained our focus on efficiency so that we could drive margin expansion. As a result of our efforts, we believe we are well positioned as one of the 2 market leaders in the large molecule testing space, and we intend to pursue our goal of becoming the clear market leader. The Manufacturing segment second quarter operating margin was 33.4%, a gain of 230 basis points year-over-year. The improvement was due to the biologics business, the result of both leverage from higher sales and increased capacity utilization of the new building. We believe that a margin in the low 30% range is sustainable and are working on improving efficiency in these businesses as well. All the actions we have taken in recent years have been focused on differentiating Charles River as the preferred provider for early-stage drug development and positioning us to compete effectively when new opportunities become available. You are familiar with many of these actions: Expanding our broad early-stage portfolio through internal development and selective strategic acquisition; maintaining and enhancing our extensive scientific expertise; improving our operating efficiency; providing best-in-class client service; developing state-of-the-art data systems and portals, which offer clients real-time access to data; and structuring flexible, creative solutions that support each client's drug development goals. We will continue to pursue strategies to enhance our position as a leading early-stage CRO. Perhaps the most important initiative now underway is to identify additions to our portfolio. Acquisitions have always been a critical component of our growth strategy because they enable us to enhance the support we can provide to clients. With the acquisition of the early discovery assets, we believe our portfolio is the strongest it has ever been. We can support clients at the earliest stages of their research with our integrated drug discovery capabilities and stay with them for the entire early-stage process, a capability that no other CRO can fully match. We believe the value of a single provider for the complex challenges of early-stage research resonates with clients and reinforces our strategic relationships. The importance of strong client relationships is fundamental to our ability to drive sales, cash flow and earnings growth in the coming years. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like Tom Ackerman to give you additional details on our second quarter results.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. Before discussing the business segment revisions, I will provide a brief summary of the financial results of our former RMS and PCS segments, so that you're able to compare your models. Going forward, we will not provide financial results for our former segments. On a constant-currency basis, legacy RMS segment revenue increased 3.5% in the second quarter, while the former PCS segment gained a robust 11.2%. This performance was driven by a particularly strong quarter for our Safety Assessment business, on which Jim has already commented. The non-GAAP operating margin also expanded in both of our former segments, as the legacy RMS margin increased 90 basis points to 30.9% and PCS gained 600 basis points to 18.2%. Following the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus on April 1, we reviewed our financial reporting segments to ensure alignment with our view of the company. As a result of this thorough review, we determined that we should report 3 business segments. Research Models and Services, Discovery and Safety Assessment, and Manufacturing Support. We believe that, in aggregate, the business and financial profiles, end customers and go-to-market strategies are now more closely aligned for the businesses within each segment. The RMS segment now consists of the Research Models in Research Models Service businesses, including GEMS, RADS and Insourcing Solutions. All our Discovery Service businesses, including Argenta and BioFocus, are now being reported in the Discovery and Safety Assessment segment or DSA. The segment also includes our Safety Assessment business, which Wall Street commonly refers to as toxicology or preclinical services. The third segment, Manufacturing Support, is made up of Endotoxin and Microbial Detection business or EMD, as well as our Biologics Testing Solutions and Avian Vaccine Service businesses. The Biologics Testing Solutions business was previously known as Biopharmaceutical Services or BPS, prior to its re-branding initiative. By revenue, the DSA and RMS segments are the 2 largest segments, representing 42% and 39% of second quarter revenue and 29% and 45% of second quarter non-GAAP operating income, respectively. Manufacturing Support represents 19% of revenue and is expected to be our fastest-growing segment due primarily to the strength of the EMD business. Also due to EMD, it will likely be our highest operating margin segment. At 33.4% for the second quarter, the Manufacturing segment represented approximately 26% of total non-GAAP operating income. In addition to our reportable segments, we will continue to provide sales of Research Models, Research Model Services and EMD in our quarterly filings. For the full year 2014, our outlook for the new segments is as follows. we expect approximately flat sales in the RMS segment, as price increases are expected to largely offset the ongoing impact from biopharmaceutical consolidation. The DSA segment is expected to increase more than 20% in 2014, driven by the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus, which will contribute more than 15% to DSA revenue growth. This equates to mid-single-digit growth for our legacy Discovery and Safety Assessment operations. Manufacturing revenues are expected to increase more than 10% in 2014 as a result of continued double-digit growth in the EMD business and improving trends for our Biologics business. We expect the operating margin in each segment to improve in 2014 due to a combination of our productivity and efficiency initiatives and higher sales volumes. Margin improvement will be partially offset by higher corporate cost, which is expected to result in a consolidated margin that will be similar to or slightly higher than last year's level of 17.3%. I will also remind you that Argenta and BioFocus' operating margin is below the corporate average so it is slightly dilutive to the consolidated operating margin. The business currently has a low- to mid-teens margin, which we expect to improve over time. With regard to the DSA segment, the U.K. tax law change in 2013 and foreign exchange benefited the DSA operating margin by a combined 222 basis points in the second quarter of 2014 when compared to the prior year. These items will benefit the full year DSA operating margin, but are expected to provide less of a year-over-year benefit in the second half as we anniversary the adoption of the U.K. tax law change in the third quarter. I will now discuss the nonoperating items that affected the second quarter performance. Unallocated corporate costs increased $3 million year-over-year to $20.1 million in the second quarter of 2014, but declined by $2.3 million on a sequential basis. We expect unallocated corporate cost for the year to be at or slightly below 6.5% of total sales. Net interest expense was $3.2 million in the second quarter, an increase of $0.6 million from the first quarter 2014. This was driven by higher debt balances, principally associated with the completion of the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition. For the year, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $12 million to $14 million, which is below our prior outlook of $14 million to $16 million because LIBOR rates remain essentially flat and favorable to our forecast. We reported $2.7 million in other income in the second quarter or a $0.04 gain related to our investment in a large life sciences venture capital fund. Our 2014 EPS guidance has been adjusted for the $0.12 year-to-date gain, but not prospectively for any gains and losses which might occur in the second half of the year. As I have previously mentioned, we do not forecast other income since gains or losses are primarily derived from market-based returns on investments. In the second quarter, the non-GAAP tax rate of 27.2% declined slightly on a sequential basis and was in line with our guidance range for the year. We continue to expect our non-GAAP tax rate for 2014 to be in a range of 27% to 28%. We previously updated our tax guidance in May to reflect the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition and associated legal entity restructuring initiatives. As a result of the strong operating performance, free cash flow increased by $8.5 million to $47.7 million in the second quarter. CapEx was slightly lower at $9.3 million. We continue to expect free cash flow in a range of $180 million to $190 million in 2014, and CapEx of $55 million to $65 million. Our top priority for capital deployment is disciplined M&A activity as we continue to strengthen our early-stage portfolio and drive profitable growth. Major uses of capital in the second quarter were the completion of the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition on April 1, and the repurchase of approximately 1.5 million shares of common stock for $80.5 million. We accelerated a meaningful portion of our planned 2014 stock repurchase activity into the second quarter due to our belief that there was an attractive entry point for our stock. We anticipate a more modest level of repurchases for the remainder of the year, in line with our stated goal to offset dilution from option exercises. As a result of the timing of the stock repurchases, we now expect an average diluted share count for 2014 of slightly higher than 47.5 million shares. At the end of the quarter, we had $48.8 million remaining on our stock repurchase authorization. At the end of the second quarter, our total debt was $803 million, an increase of approximately $163 million from the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, we borrowed approximately $116 million to finance the acquisition through our euro-denominated revolver. At the end of the quarter, our pro forma leverage ratio was within our near-term targeted range of 2.5x and 2.75x. Debt repayment for the remainder of the year will be primarily related to the scheduled installments on a term loan. I would like provide some additional details with regard to our updated guidance. Our sales guidance of 9% to 11% is the same for both reported and constant currency because we continue to expect foreign exchange to provide only a small benefit in 2014. In addition, we lowered our GAAP EPS guidance by $0.04 to a range $2.60 to $2.70, primarily as a result of additional restructuring charges that we expect to incur as a result of our global efficiency initiatives. In addition to earlier actions in North America and Europe that we've previously discussed, we also implemented a plan in the second quarter to consolidate the number of facilities in our Japanese Research Model operations in 2015. This project, coupled with our other global initiatives is expected to further enhance the efficiency and operating margin in our RMS segment. Following the extremely robust second quarter performance, our second half outlook assumes more normalized results due to a combination of factors. Normal seasonality affects the RMS segment in the second half of the year. The result of lighter order activity during summer vacation and winter holiday periods. Because of the volume sensitivity of Research Model production and the importance of production to the RMS segment results, we expect the new RMS segment's operating margin to decline sequentially in the second half of the year, similar to last year. In addition, we anticipate a modest sequential decline in Safety Assessment revenue in the third quarter, reflecting normal fluctuations in client demand. As Jim said, safety assessment sales growth is not linear quarter by quarter, but we do expect annual increases. We recorded a gain of $0.12 in the first half of 2014 related to our limited partnership investments and have not forecast any gains in the second half of the year. Based on these factors, we believe that third quarter revenue growth will be in the low double digits on a year-over-year basis, including the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be similar to last year's third quarter level of $0.79, which equates to EPS growth of approximately 10% when excluding $0.07 of investment gains and tax-related items in the third quarter of 2013. We are pleased with the robust second quarter financial performance and successful completion of the Argenta and BioFocus acquisition. Revenue and earnings may vary quarter by quarter based on client demand, but we are confident that our financial performance for the year will show signs of sustained improvement in our business, resulting in 2014 EPS growth above 10%. We also remain focused on driving continuous improvement in our business to further enhance shareholder returns. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to David Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I want to focus around DSA in the Safety Assessment business. I'm, first of all, curious if your views on the second half and comments on the third quarter are based on kind of a level of caution after a really strong second quarter? Or are they driven by kind of actual bookings in hand and level of backlog? Are you seeing some moderation in the bookings activity for Safety Assessment headed into the second half?
James C. Foster: Dave, we're seeing pretty much all of that. So the second quarter was, obviously, a terrific quarter, it was particularly strong. So kind of all things hitting on multiple cylinders. Lots of studies with larger animals, a fair amount of specialty work and a fair amount of long-term work. Some work which happens often, but you never know when. Some large studies that were originally contemplated for the first quarter ended up moving into the second quarter. So we had a big bolus of work. The margin, obviously, is driven by having a great quarter, having a great mix of work like that and that's driving efficiency. So the margin is a combination of all of the above. We're expecting a really good third quarter and fourth quarter, where as we step back from the second quarter and kind of look at industry and the demand and the competition, and particularly the pricing, we're very cognizant of the fact that this is feeling, at least at the moment, very much because of the price, like kind of a mid-single-digit growing business for us. And maybe we'll get to high single, but that's not what we're guiding to. So we're expecting a strong quarter that will appear to moderate off of the second only because it was unusually strong. We're trying to get others besides us to look at the Safety Assessment business on an annual basis, because as you know pretty well, since you're familiar with the space, studies don't start and conclude commensurate with our corporate reporting quarters. They have different durations. And so taking a holistic view of it -- notwithstanding the quarterly conversations like this one -- we just think is a much better view. So we don't feel -- just to get to the essence of your question, we don't feel like we are being inappropriately or overly conservative. The back half of the year for all of our businesses tends to be somewhat adversely impacted by the holidays and summer slowdowns and sometimes running out of budget. It's not some overly cautious response. It's just cognizance of, while demand is very good and obviously we had a really strong quarter and so have others in the industry, and all systems point positively, given the fact that there's still a bit too much capacity in the system, we still don't have the level of pricing that should be commensurate with the volume and demand. And if and as we do, both the top and bottom line will begin to move much more quickly. So I guess, in a lot of ways, we continue to be cautious about pricing, and while we're delighted with the quarter, I would say that studies are still quite competitively bid and, yes, we talked about the fact that we win some studies where we're not the lowest price point, but price is still an important part of the evaluation process.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And my follow-up is kind on the same topic and on capacity that you just touched on. The demand does seem to be rising around the industry. It seems that all the major competitors' capacity is filling, at least, if not full. And there is some discussion of trying to move price up a little bit. So I'm curious about your comments about efficiency initiatives to stretch your existing capacity and openings and just your thoughts around how much additional work can you take on by squeezing work into your existing footprint versus your thoughts about further additions to capacity?
James C. Foster: So first off, we don't think that the dialogue that you're hearing in any way jives with day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month pricing negotiations that we have with clients when other competitors are at the table bidding. And trust me, as soon as that changes, you'll be one of the first to know. Because we still don't feel that we're getting paid well for the quality of our services, although we're trying to make up for that by being as efficient as possible. But clearly it will have some pricing -- obviously will have some significant relationship to capacity being very utilized. So I suspect there's more capacity in the system than people are letting on. In our case, we are getting full, and we said that now several calls in a row. We have, depending on the quarter you speak to us, a facility or maybe a couple of facilities that are functionally full. For us, that means 85%-ish. We have a little bit of space at several sites that we have and will continue to open. And by that, I mean, a room that's built and not caged, a room that's shelved but not totally finished. Not major happenings to get it done. At multiple sites we'll be able to subtly bring those online. When I mean subtly, without adversely impacting our operating margins but providing additional capacity for our clients, which of course, is our job. So I think we could do that for 1 year or 2. Could be 1 year, but 1 year or 2. We're concluding a 5-year strategic plan. We're talking a lot about capacity. We have several buildings, like one in Canada in Sherbrooke, which was built for the express purpose of continuing to add onto it. It was built in a modular fashion, to sort of break out a wall and add on to it, and the HVAC is large enough to support the additional space. So we can do that whenever we want. You obviously know that both Reno and Shrewsbury have fallow space, probably in the aggregate over 300,000 feet. That's just shells, that would take a significant amount of time and money to finish. But we own them and they're part of our facility. So even those will be -- kind of give us a leg up. And of course, we want to open Shrewsbury as soon as rationally possible. It's a big facility, it's close to the major research center in the world. And we're going to wait for some significant client commitments, but we're starting to hear a lot of noise about -- from clients that they'd like to see Shrewsbury open. And there are probably ways to open it and do multiple things in it. Like you go to safety assessment, in vivo pharmacology and some variations of those themes. So without going out and adding additional capacity through M&A or green-fielding. We have a really good portfolio. Some, literally, immediately available. Some is available over the next 2 to 3 years, if we want to push out walls and do some construction, and of course, we aspire to get Shrewsbury done. And, obviously, if demand increases in a really significant way, that we have many more large pharma companies, for whatever reason, begin to close down their own facilities, then we'll do things more quickly.
Operator: We'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Jim, can you talk about the historical correlation, if any, that you've seen between your core model business and the tox business? And the real question here is, as the tox business begins to gradually get better, do you think that will eventually be enough to sort of cause the model business to flatten out and start to grow again on a unit basis?
James C. Foster: Really good question. The answer is we would have thought so, historically, for sure. So here's the facts. I was thinking about this kind of last 24 hours in preparation for this call. Demand is definitely better for everyone in the CRO safety assessment space, particularly for us, but it's just better. Our North American Research Model business has had 2 good quarters in a row. Not increasing sales but flat sales as opposed to declining sales, and escalating operating margins. So 2 really good metrics. And we used to talk a lot about the correlation that you're asking about and so, on the one hand, there obviously is a correlation. Outbred rats are the model of principal, small animal model of choice and the Charles River CD rat is the principal model of choice within the outbred rat. So, yes, we should see it. I think we're actually not seeing it yet, and I think what's happening is the following: One, is that you have an overall focused reduction in the number of drugs in the pipeline. So that drug companies can spend more money getting the ones with the highest probability of getting to market, to market. So that's definitely a significant issue. The other is that a lot of the work that we're doing, and I suspect that our competitors are doing, used to be done by our clients in their facilities. So they're not doing the work. We used to sell them the animals, now we sell them to ourselves or we sell them to our competitors. So you have a net increase in work. I would just say, anecdotally, and then we should watch it and you can ask me again in 1 year, a lot of people at Charles River are spending a lot time with clients. And I've been spending a lot myself, including a couple last week. And I do ask every client -- and they're all senior R&D people and often the head of R&D, is your discovery spending beginning -- are you beginning to shift more of your spending back towards discovery as opposed to disproportionately feeding the clinic? And many of them are saying, yes. So if that's true, I would say that there is the real potential in 1 year or 2 or 3, depending on what the hit rates are, that we'll see more compounds with more promise beginning to come through the development process without this imbalance that we've had. And of course, the imbalance, if it persists too long, is going to have a really negative impact on drugs getting to market in the future. So I hope that answers your question. Not seeing it now for some very good reasons, but it's better. Even when our competitors win the studies, they often use our rats. So we get a little piece of their work. But on the margin it's really a trade-off between the work being done formally, internally and now externally, using the same animal.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm going to take that to 2 questions. I have many, actually. But first, with Research Models. You kind of hit on this with John, but North America flattish for 2 quarters, China up, Europe and Japan tend to lag. You've lagged for a couple of quarters now. Are you getting any signs in Europe and Japan that perhaps demand could pick up? And I guess as a corollary to that, you're consolidating some sites in Japan. That might be your signal that you really haven't, but I'm curious on the reasoning for the consolidation of the facilities there now.
James C. Foster: Great question. Historically, for whatever reason -- you're a student of the pharmaceutical industry as well -- geographically, Europe and Japan have always lagged the U.S., pretty much with regard to everything. All the ways that we've interfaced with them, we see this. So we're not surprised. Europe tends to come right after the U.S. and then Japan typically follows. It tends to be a more insular environment, obviously. So it looks like the U.S., at least for the moment, has kind of stabilized from their capacity reduction. And of course, we have reduced our capacity both in California and currently at our Michigan facility. And so we feel really good about utilization of capacity and the resulting margins that will be derived from there in the States. And we're trying to manage that same process overseas, so we will continue to look carefully at the capacity that we have and refine it as necessary, commensurate with the demand. And we're in the process of doing some of that refinement, a little bit in Japan right now. So no, I wouldn't say that we've seen it stabilize, but we expect that it will -- probably going to be another year, maybe another year or 2. But I would continue to point you and everyone else listening to the fact that while sales have not been increasing in that business, we have some very creative, very aggressive initiatives in process right now to drive efficiencies through capacity utilization, automation and doing things much less manually. And we, like we just showed this quarter, believe we can and intend to continue to drive operating margins up in that business. And we will continue, definitely, to take share in the U.S. in the mid-tier and academics. And we do think that China will obviously grow indefinitely, given how nascent that market is.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And I'm going to ask a follow-up or shift gears a little bit. You've talked about seasonality for the firm in total, and the major themes, which is a recurring theme. No surprise there. But with the new reporting structure, the 3 segments and some of the mix shift, could you speak specifically to the segments in terms of whether Manufacturing Services, perhaps, has a different seasonal pattern now than we might see in Safety Assessment or Research Models? Just trying to get a better sense of the revenue and EBITDA flow by new reporting segment based on the changes in mix.
James C. Foster: Well, it's a good question. I would say that Manufacturing is probably slightly less seasonally impacted. So it's got 3 pieces, it's got the EMD business, the Avian business and Biologics. I would say that the EMD business is pretty much not impacted by the season. I would say that the Egg business, where we have, I'm knocking wood, historically been sold out of eggs year after year after year, is pretty much not seasonally impacted. I would say Biologics could be. That's a really tough business for us to call. It's very short-term work, and you don't have much backlog, you don't have much predictability. Although the business is doing much better, very much tied to large -- entirely tied to large molecules. So I'd say that will probably follow some of the ebbs and flows in just the pharma and biotech industry spendings. So somewhat in Manufacturing Support, but less impacted by the seasonality that we're seeing in kind of classic RMS or in the Safety Assessment business.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Eric, I would add to that one comment, because we don't think about it in those seasonal terms. But in the vaccine business, we have several clients who peak production around the vaccine periods, which tend to be oriented at different times of the year. So we actually do see a little falloff in the second half of the year because it's lower [ph] , and given overall demand, we do try to place those eggs at many other customers and sometimes we're successful and sometimes we're not. So it's a little different from other seasonal trends that we talk about, that are more related to summer vacations and things like that. This relates to some of our clients' productivity cycles.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Tom, going to the -- I know we're not going to be talking about this on a go-forward basis. But just given kind of the very exceptional results this quarter for legacy PCS, I think you had mentioned a 600-basis point rise in legacy PCS operating margin to around 18.2%. Can you give us a sense as to how much of that was driven by the tax credit, as well as FX and then just what the underlying kind of pull-through margin was from just the general improvement in volume?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes. We did say, in DSA I believe, that it was about 200-plus basis points for those couple of items. So it would probably be a little bit more than that in the legacy PCS business because it's a smaller size versus adding the Discovery Services to it. So clearly a good percentage of it, probably around half or better, really driven by volume and the flow-through of operating margin, contributed margin, however you'd like to state it, that you guys have sort of been asking about. So we did see a nice flow through of incremental margin on the pickup in volume.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then, Jim, just thinking about your comments on the North American outbred rat market -- outbred model business. I guess as you think about the spot pricing market for that particular model, your CD rat. I guess one of your primary competitors has kind of gone through some changes. And I guess one of the things that I was wondering is -- is there any indication that the pricing for that particular model is starting to get somewhat of a lift after say, 9 to 12 months of maybe some irrational behavior by some of your competition? Is there any indication of that at all?
James C. Foster: No. This is not a model or price sort of variable and changing from time to time anyway. We have an annual price increase that affects different clients in different ways. Sometimes our competition follows us, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they're higher. It's a bit unpredictable. Notwithstanding whatever your conclusions are about the volumes, the volumes are still very significant for this animal model. I suspect they're still the highest of anything we do just in terms of share unit. The margins are very, very good just because we produce so many and we're so efficient. And we do get a meaningful price increase throughout the world. And I think we'll be able to continue to do so just because of the fundamental importance of the animal model. We're not seeing anything particularly unusual from a competitive point of view. And even if we did -- even if competition were to be aggressive in a positive way -- in other words, raising their prices. We would do what made the most sense for our clients, given the relationships that we have with them. But that's a product line that we're still really happy with.
Operator: We'll go to line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Want to understand some of the gives and takes on the margin line, in particular, just sustainability of the tox margins. You obviously had a onetime benefit from the U.K. tax law change and then some from FX, and I know tox margins are going to be down a bit, sequentially. But what do you think the underlying run rate is on tox margins over the next couple of quarters? And then similarly, where do you see Argenta and BioFocus margins going from here?
Thomas F. Ackerman: We did say that the Argenta and BioFocus to work [ph] Backwards [ph] , Tycho, we're sort of in the mid-teens. We don't necessarily see that changing a lot this year. We are working through the integration, efficiencies and what not. But really, we're looking to leverage that as we exit 2014 and into 2015 and beyond. Whether we can get there or not, our target would be to really try to get that up in line with our corporate target, somewhere up in the 20% range. So that would be our objective. We have reasons to think that that's possible, but obviously that's not a commitment that we would make at this particular point in time. I think we basically want to raise them as much as we can without impacting the business negatively from a quality of service standpoint. And with regard to sort of the legacy PCS, I think, the overall DSA, we'll continue to see it move sideways, I think, in the mid-teens to maybe a little bit better than that. Which is sort of where the legacy PCS business has been and it's kind of where AB is. So I think mid-teens to slightly better is probably a good number to be looking at for DSA.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow up on Jim's comment earlier about capacity. I'm just trying to put the comments on Shrewsbury in context. I mean, have you had discussions with clients about potentially opening that in the coming year? And how do we think about how you would potentially do that? Would it be in pieces or -- I'm just trying to understand how actively you're thinking about taking that step.
James C. Foster: I wouldn't say we're having serious conversations. What I did say is, I've had a whole range of Cambridge, Boston-based biotech, large and small, ask me recently about what our plans are for Shrewsbury. So they're starting to think about how they could benefit from that being open. And as I said earlier, that was built as a very sophisticated toxicology facility and could be reopened as one. But I think it's more likely to be reopened with several different services going on at the same time, perhaps regulated safety assessment, some sort of in vivo pharmacology, DMPK, maybe, activity. And then some vivarium utilization by clients, where either we manage or they manage some combination of those. But in any event, we would want some commitments by clients in advance. And I think, typically, at least the last half dozen years or so, people are reluctant to give those commitments. But as they run out of their own space or get out of their own space or failed to want to increase it, we're likely to be able to negotiate some deals like that. And when we do, we'll be happy to open it.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any discussion of dedicated space? I mean, this was a topic 10 years ago, but we haven't heard about it a lot recently.
James C. Foster: Yes. And that would be exactly the sort of conversation that we would want. The perfect scenario that we always thought is that we'd have 3 kind of big biotech companies take a third, a third, a third or small pharma take a third, a third, a third. And kind of own the corridors, own the space and get to know the people and have them be dedicated. I don't think that's an impossibility either. So we have a team working on this right now in terms of what do we need financially, what are the best combinations, what are the most likely clients and we're working this because Cambridge continues to expand. Big pharma is adding buildings all the time, there's more biotech companies with [ph] rodents [ph] Et cetera, et cetera. It continues to flourish, and we put that site there for a reason. We wanted to be proximate to where all the work is being done. So we're really desirous of getting it open. But the clients will have to drive that.
Operator: And we have a question from Jeff Bailin with Crdit Suisse.
Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jim, you mentioned earlier that you're not quite yet satisfied with the prices you're getting on the safety assessment side. But could you give us any color on you'd characterize the spot pricing environment right now? Are you seeing any increases and are there any geographic differences worth calling out? I know one of your primary competitors has discussed the trends in European being a little softer, so curious if that's similar to your experience?
James C. Foster: I would say that the geography is not particularly relevant. It's very client-dependent. We have clients where we have the enterprise deals. We have clients that are one-offs. We have clients that are very price sensitive and some that will pay up for great science. So it's all over the place. We don't think we're even close to being paid for the quality of work or the level of investment that we're making. Having said that, because capacity is filling, because the mix of work is being enhanced, the margins are improving, and we're proud and pleased with that trend. But we're pretty full. And we're running pretty lean and doing really great quality work and the clients are experiencing a 30% to 50% reduction in what they would be spending internally, at least. And so there's definitely -- and if you consider the fact there we're still probably 25% or 30% below 2008, which was sort of the industry high. There's a lot of room for pricing improvement where the client still feels good about the value that they are getting, and that we feel a lot better, the work that we're doing. And the other thing that's going to invariably happen here is that clients have gone from literally waiting 6 months. In other words, calling us up and they say, how fast can you start the study? And we tell, them 6 months; and they say, okay. And they plan for that, they get their molecule in the queue. Literally, for the last 4 or 5 years, clients could start a study in less than a month or sometimes in a couple weeks. They've grown accustomed to doing that, which I think is not good for any of us. I don't think they plan well, it's really difficult for us to plan. And trust me, they plan better when they did all the work internally. So what's going to happen, putting the price conversation aside just for a moment and then I'll come back to it, is that relatively soon if you believe the anecdotal input from our private competitors, clients are going to have to start to wait. We're all going to say, even as we bring on new space, sorry, we can't start your study in 2 weeks. It's going to be 2 months or 3 months or 5 months. They will get accustomed to that. They will wait in line, that will be fine. And depending on their sense of urgency they may very well be happy or insistent on paying more. And we used to experience that in 2007 and '08. And I do think there's a sort of allocation of capacity, particularly where the client deems that to be really high-quality and they really want it. And they want it and they don't want another client to get it. The people will begin to pay up for that. But there's a lot of reluctance. And I would say the thing that puts a pall over the whole pricing thing is that you have, particularly in big pharma, you have big strong purchasing organizations that have mandates to save billions of dollars. And they pretty much try to do that across-the-board. And so there is a culture in big pharma of trying to get the lowest prices possible. And I do think that that's -- so I get that. That's, I guess, good business, but there has to be some balance between that goal and buying really high-quality science. And in some cases we have that and in others we don't.
Operator: And our next question will go to the line of Sandy Draper with SunTrust.
Alexander Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Maybe just a general observation, and Jim I'd love to get your comment on this. When I listened to your commentary about where you are, talking about where you'd be, your portfolio, the way the market is. If I rewind 12 months ago, I would look at it and say your tone sounds more positive. You feel better about where Charles River is sitting today than 12, 18, 24 months ago. But when I look at the sort of your full year guidance this year in the 3 segments versus last year, if you exclude the acquisitions, there's not a whole lot of difference from the growth rate. And I'm just trying to see if I'm misreading anything about your overall positive tone. As you said, we need to focus on this stuff annually, not quarterly, which I can appreciate. But just trying to see if you really do feel that better, but you're just trying to keep a conservative outlook. You said not overly conservative but just generally, due to the lumpiness, you want to make sure that you're not getting ahead of yourselves. Just would love some comments on that.
James C. Foster: Tom and I could both take shot at this, I guess. Again, we don't feel that we're being conservative. We really are trying hard to be realistic. Yes, obviously, some of the history is in our present, of course. And there's some unpredictability in this marketplace and availability of funds, and the competitive scenario continues to be challenging. It's okay that it's challenging. But it's more challenging than it was many, many years ago. Having said that, we're quite pleased with the growth rate in the preclinical business versus the last few years. We're very pleased with the engagement with many more clients. We're very pleased with our facilities filling and the mix of business. And the only thing that we're not pleased with is price point, and it sure feels like we ought to be getting some level of relief in the not-too-distant future -- although that continues to be elusive from our ability to call that. With regard to growth rates elsewhere besides our most recent acquisition, the Research Model business has flattened but operating margins are growing. Our Discovery businesses are growing, our EMD business is growing very rapidly, as we reported, for I dunno how many quarters in a row, and we just finished almost a 20% growth quarter -- last 2 quarters we're almost 20%. And we've kind of showcased biologics as a business, which we've been growing and investing in for several years now, and it's beginning to kind of break out and make a difference. So we're generally pleased with the overall demand for our businesses. It's becoming a big complex portfolio. The acquisition the we just did should grow faster than many of our other segments. It should continue to enhance our top line growth. And we think, with some modest amount of M&A going forward, we can get the company back to double-digit growth, which is our goal.
Alexander Y. Draper - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, just to add to that. If you think about our guidance this year, excluding the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus, we're essentially in the mid-single-digits. Last year, we grew low single-digits. So, clearly, the topline numbers on a "pro forma" basis will be better. That's really being driven principally by the Safety Assessment activity. What we're now calling Manufacturing Support, which includes EMD, continues to grow quite nicely. I think the in-life/safety assessment is actually going to be up year-over-year in terms of the growth rate, which we've talked about. And the new or the old RMS segment, principally the models area itself, continues to be challenged, as we talked, by in large part the consolidations that we continue to see in the industry. So, overall, I do think we're in a better environment, particularly in the in life. I think the businesses that have been doing pretty well continue to do well, like EMD, in life's doing better. And we're continuing to work through challenges in the models business.
Operator: And we'll go to Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, just on the RMS side, Jim. The efficiency efforts there, you obviously continue to pay dividends on the margin side of that business. And yet, on the top line, and you guys have touched on some of the challenges here, it looks like, on a constant-currency basis, it's been relatively flat. So I guess just 2 quick ones, how much room is left on the efficiency side to kind of improve operations? And then on the top line, you've called out a few specific things. But I'm just wondering from a higher level, how much of this slowdown, if you will, in growth there do you characterize as structural versus more market-specific in the current environment?
James C. Foster: So I think it's early days on driving efficiency. We said on several calls, this is an old business that we've been in for a long time. We're the world's leader. We're really good at it. The margins are terrific, and things are way too manual. And we're rethinking everything that we do. And we're driving efficiency all over the world in multiple aspects of this business. So I'm quite confident that the operating margins will continue to expand in a meaningful way. So that's really good news. I think that we can and will continue to grow our share in the academic and the mid-tier sectors in the U.S. And I think we can continue to grow share once things stabilize overseas as well. And, certainly, China will continue to be a high-growth vehicle for us. So we've been saying for a couple years, the business will probably shake out as a low single-digit growth business. We're saying that the products and services piece now are high-20s margin. And we'll continue to drive that as hard as we can, try to get it as close to 30 as possible. And it's a very big business. It provides an entre to literally almost every research enterprise in the world. It helps us build the rest our businesses. It's an extraordinary source of free cash. And we do also have some continuing opportunities to participate by creating or licensing in or somehow getting access to specialty models. Which has been our goal for a long time, which should help enhance the value proposition even if the units are relatively small.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then I guess just one quick follow-up and don't want to be a spoiler here. But looking ahead to the Analyst Day next week, curious if you'll be providing an update on the long-term targets, particularly on the margin side, in light of the change to the reporting structure that you guys gave today.
James C. Foster: We'll take that under advisement.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Rafael Tejada with Bank of America.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick one here on an earlier question. Just for the full year guidance on operating margin. Can you just comment on how much is really being driven just by the business improvement factors as opposed to the other charges that are being recognized?
Thomas F. Ackerman: That would be looking at the whole year or the rest of the year?
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, the whole year.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Well, if we go back to our original guidance -- we obviously increased guidance for Argenta and BioFocus. We increased it for a combination, both venture capital money and performance of the business, and then we've just increased it again. If you think about the second quarter, we outperformed by -- by consensus I guess, to use that data point by $0.15, $0.16, we had $0.04 from venture capital. Everybody's got a different take on whether the shares were a little bit better or not. I mean, they were marginally better. Obviously not meaningfully, same with the tax rate. We did mention a couple of hundred basis points with foreign exchange and the tax pickup versus last year. Although, from a perspective basis, I mean we knew about the tax change so we had kind of put that into our forecast, and the currency worked to our favor. So the truth of the matter is, without scratching it out on paper there's a good portion of it that's clearly from operations, clearly some of it is from venture capital. We talked about that being $0.12, and some of it's clearly from the acquisition. Not much I would say, really, from one-time activity at this point in time. Other [indiscernible] activity.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up to that then, just thinking -- and maybe this is something you'll discuss next week. But longer-term, on the potential EPS growth, I think I'm just trying to get a better handle on the contribution from efficiency savings since these have been changing a bit on a quarterly basis. So what sort of non-GAAP EPS growth do you think is realistic on a year-over-year basis once you're still factoring in all these charges? I mean, can we -- is it something in the high single-digits, low double-digits? And that'll be it for me.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thanks for the clarification to your question. And what I would say is as Jim just mentioned in reference to a question a few moments ago. We are planning to give a little bit more color on our longer-term growth rates next week at the Investor Day. But in terms of your question now, we still think there's room to improve, relative to efficiencies. We do have a robust program working on that. We've worked through a number of businesses historically, particularly, probably the in-life Safety Assessment business. And as we talked about earlier in the call, we did take some charges relative to our business in Japan. We hope to yield results from that starting next year. So, as Jim said, I think there's a lot of room still to make improvements in efficiency in a number of our businesses. And we continue to do that so that we do think that we can continue to grow earnings as well as the top line going forward.
Operator: And we have time for one final question, and we'll go to Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Chris Lin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: This is Chris on for Doug today. So maybe a longer-term strategy question. Drug development in China continues to grow at a rapid pace, but I think your presence there is largely limited to Vital River. Can you talk about if expanding services and products to China is priority for Charles River and what steps are being taken to drive growth?
James C. Foster: Sure. Good question. Our goal is to do as much of our current portfolio -- provide as much of our current portfolio in China, probably for China, as quickly as possible in the areas that makes sense. So, for instance, we've already opened and closed a GLP tox facility that we opened in Shanghai in 2006. And there was insufficient business to warrant using it. Also, we opened it at a time when there was too much space in the U.S. and Europe at low price points. So, at some point, we want to back in the Safety Assessment business, but I can't see that for a while. We have a small EMD business that we've had there for a long time. We sourced a fair amount of our larger animal models from that geographical account [ph]. And obviously we have a robust growth engine with our animal business, which will have a related diagnostic laboratory and probably GEMS business associated with it. So we're looking at that locale for possibly doing everything else we do. So that would be our avian business. That would be in vivo pharmacology, that would be in vitro pharmacology. That could always be chemistry. So we want to be able to participate in that market, which is growing disproportionally fast from a funding point of view to the rest of the world. And we think we have a lot to offer. But we're going to do that cautiously, and we're continuing to assemble a strong management team in China as we do that. So we're looking at several acquisition opportunities and several organic growth opportunities. And depending on priorities around here and what deserves the most funding and where we think we get the best returns, we'll continue to proceed on those. But China remains an important part of our growth strategy.
Susan E. Hardy: There were a few more people in queue today, we'll follow up with you. But for the time being, this concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Roberto Fatta Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division George Hill - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2014 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our first quarter results and update guidance for 2014. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is 3203653844. The access code in either case is 324004. The replay will be available through May 15. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 25, 2014, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our first quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of $299.4 million in the first quarter of 2014, an increase of 2.8% over the previous year or 2.4% in constant currency. Both the PCS and RMS segments contributed to the increase, gaining 3.9% and 1.5%, respectively, in constant currency. Our mid-tier clients were the primary driver of the first quarter sales increase. Improved access to funding and our targeted sales efforts combined to yield a 10% increase from the first quarter through the mid-year. As we anticipated, when we gave guidance in February, our key global accounts started the year slowly. However, bookings accelerated significantly in March, which we believe provides an early indication of a better second quarter for these clients. Year-over-year, the consolidated operating margin improved by 20 basis points to 17%. The PCS operating margin drove the increase, gaining 230 basis points year-over-year due primarily to the foreign exchange benefit from a weaker Canadian dollar, the 2013 U.K. tax law change, which reclassified research and development tax credits, and leverage from higher PCS sales volume. The RMS operating margin was 31.7%, a gain of 20 basis points, as the benefit of our efficiency initiatives offset lower unit sales of research models. Earnings per share were $0.82 in the first quarter, an increase of 18.8% from $0.69 in the first quarter of 2013. Our limited partnership investments contributed $0.08 in the quarter. First quarter results continued to demonstrate the benefits of the actions we have taken to position Charles River as the partner of choice for outsourced drug discovery and development services. Our efforts to create a more streamlined and efficient operation without compromising scientific expertise or client service have enabled us to maintain and enhance Charles River's leading market position as a premier provider of essential early-stage drug discovery and development solutions and to provide those solutions tailored to each client's specific needs. This, in turn, has provided clients with the resources they require in lieu of in-house capabilities and supported their goal to increase their use of outsourced services with a reliable scientific partner. The acquisition of BioFocus and Argenta, which we closed in April -- on April 1, is a pivotal building block in our expansion of services. With this acquisition, we now have expertise to provide early discovery services, including target discovery, medicinal chemistry and complex in vitro biology. This expertise will enable us to engage with clients earlier in the drug discovery process, enhancing the value we can provide by allowing them to outsource integrated drug discovery and early-stage development programs to a single provider. The acquisition is precisely in line with our strategy to build a broader portfolio of essential products and services to support the drug discovery and development continuum and the increasing virtualization of the bio-pharmaceutical industry. Immediately following the close, we implemented a plan to contact the majority of the heads of research and development and of discovery at the leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to inform them of our enhanced service offering. We are now working with many of them to explore an expansion of the services we can provide and are optimistic that many of these clients will choose to utilize Charles River for early discovery services. As result of the acquisition, we are raising our 2014 sales guidance to 9% to 11%. We are increasing non-GAAP earnings per share to a range of $3.15 to $3.25, reflecting both the acquisition and the first quarter gain from our limited partnership investments. We are confident that successful execution of our sales strategies and integration of Argenta and BioFocus will enable us to achieve this guidance. I'd like to provide you with the details on the first quarter segment performance. RMS segment sales were $185.6 million, a 1.5% gain in constant currency. The revenue increase was driven primarily by 3 areas: EMD, Vital River and Research Model Services. As a result of sales growth and efficiency initiatives, the RMS operating margin was 31.7% in the first quarter, 20 basis points higher than in the first quarter of 2013. We credit our efficiency initiatives with enabling us to offset lower sales of Research Models, which continued to be impacted by consolidation in our global key accounts. These initiatives are focused on various areas. Some are directed at improving our capacity utilization, whether by reducing our footprint as with the closure of our Michigan facility or by evaluation and realignment of production to better utilize our existing capacity. Other initiatives are focused on automation to improve data access or reduce manual workload. We are continuing to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operation, which we believe will enable us to achieve our goal of maintaining an RMS operating margin at or above the 30% level. Despite Vital River's higher sales, Research Model sales declined by approximately 3.5% in constant currency year-over-year. The continuing consolidation of the bio-pharmaceutical industry, the closure of bio-pharmaceutical facilities and the evolution of drug development to eliminate molecules earlier in the process have caused softened demand for our Research Model. We have offset some of that decline with market share gains, particularly in the mid-tier and academia. We were encouraged to see the sales of Research Models to commercial accounts in the U.S. were stable in the quarter. Although in Europe and Japan, which tend to lag the U.S., pharma industry consolidation led to lower demand. I believe that Research Models will continue to be a critical component for drug research is unchanged, and we are committed to our goal to gain additional share with our global biopharma, mid-tier and academic clients. Our GEMS and Discovery Services businesses delivered solid growth in the first quarter, the result of increased outsourcing, as well as our targeted sales efforts to gain market share. We expect both of these businesses to benefit as global bio-pharmaceutical companies increase the use of outsourcing at the earlier stages, and mid-tier biotechnology companies utilize higher funding to invest in their pipeline. And with our expansion into early discovery, we expect to be able to capitalize on demand as it continues to emerge. EMD business was the largest driver of the RMS sales increase, delivering an exceptional sales growth of 18% in constant currency. Every area of the EMD business reported higher sales. The PCS franchise continued to exhibit strength, as we sold additional instruments and cartridges, continued to take share in the conventional testing market. Accugenix performed very well, as clients increasingly utilized our services. The acquisition of our distributor in Singapore last year was reflected in the first quarter results, as was some fourth quarter sales, which was deferred to the beginning of the new budget year. We continue to expect that EMD sales growth will be in the low-double digits in 2014 as new products are introduced, and we continue our efforts to convert large pharmaceutical manufacturers' central laboratories to the PCS cartridge technology. PCS sales were $113.8 million, a 3.9% increase in constant currency. As I mentioned, growth was driven primarily by our mid-tier clients. Over the last few years, we have invested significant resources in building a stronger presence for these companies. As our market shares increase, we are establishing the same working relationship with many of our large and mid-tier clients as we have with our global key accounts. These relationships, combined with greater access to funding, are resulting in higher demand for these premier clients. And although their pipelines are smaller, mid-tier clients tend to stay with the CRO with which they have a relationship. We have seen many of our mid-tier clients return to us as their next molecule reaches the in vivo stage. Now that we include target discovery, medicinal chemistry and in vitro biology services in our portfolio, we believe that these clients will choose to work with us at the earliest stages of their molecule and stay with us through preclinical development. Our global key accounts, which include approximately 25 of the largest bio-pharmaceutical companies, started the year slowly. We had anticipated that this would be the case, and that demand would improve in the second quarter of the year. Bookings in the month of March were significantly higher than in the previous 2 months, which we believe provides an early indication of improved sales in the second quarter. The 230-basis-point operating margin gains to 12.9% was due primarily to the impact of the weaker Canadian dollar on the PCS-Canada margin, as well as to the 2013 U.K. tax law change. Higher sales also contributed to the margin gain because the mix included a greater proportion of specialty toxicology services. Higher sales are resulting in improved preclinical capacity utilization. In fact, demand for our services has increased to the point where we have selectively begun to open new capacity. We opened a small building in Edinburgh last year and are in the process of opening a few rooms in Ohio. We are opening capacity judiciously because we want to ensure that we can fill any new capacity with only a minimal impact, if any, on operating margin. Furthermore, we do not want to impact pricing, which has generally remained unchanged. As industry utilization approaches more optimal levels, we are confident that pricing will eventually improve. However, we continue to believe that while price is an important consideration, expertise and quality are most often considered more critical. We continued to win RFPs, for which we are not the lowest bidder, because as global bio-pharmaceutical companies reduce their infrastructure in favor of reliance from CROs, they do not want to compromise on scientific expertise. When that criterion is critical, Charles River is the preferred choice. Our sales strategies have been very effective in enabling us to gain market share, and we continuously to evaluate those strategies to identify areas where we can enhance our performance. The culture of continuous evaluation and enhancement, which we are promoting at Charles River, also applies to our operation. As you know, from our guidance, we expect $25 million to $30 million in incremental savings in 2004 (sic) [ 2014 ] from our ongoing process efficiency initiatives. These savings are derived from a combination of projects in various areas, including rightsizing capacity, inventory management, logistics, reduction of our energy footprint and purchasing initiatives. We are also using automation and technology to enhance our efficiency. Some of our most exciting innovations have come from the implementation of technology, which can provide benefits in a broad range of areas, from access to information to employee job satisfaction. We remain committed to driving efficiency throughout our global organization and continue to evaluate additional initiatives. I'd like to comment on the recent speculation on consolidation in the bio-pharmaceutical industry. Consolidation in our client base has been ongoing for the last decade, and we take that into consideration as we construct our annual financial plan. Our experience has been that consolidation often causes short-term disruption in our business, but ultimately results in more outsourcing as the acquirer looks to gain efficiencies and cost savings. Although we have been the beneficiary of the outsourcing trend and the trend to place more work with a select number of CRO preferred providers, our largest commercial clients still represents less than 4% of total revenue. We believe that our diverse client base helps to mitigate the effect of consolidation. All of the actions we have taken in recent years have been focused on differentiating Charles River as the preferred partner for early-stage drug development and positioning us to compete effectively when new opportunities become available. You are familiar with many of these actions: expanding our broad early-stage portfolio through internal development and selective strategic acquisitions; maintaining and enhancing our extensive scientific expertise; improving our operating efficiency; providing best-in-class client service; developing state-of-the-art data systems and portals, which offer clients real-time access to data; and structuring creative, flexible solutions that support each client's drug development goal. We will continue to pursue strategies to enhance our position as the leading early-stage CRO because in doing so, we enhance our abilities to support our client. Although it's challenging to anticipate the impact of further consolidation they have on the CRO industry, we believe that there will be numerous outsourcing opportunities. With the acquisition of early-discovery assets, we believe our portfolio is the strongest it's ever been. We can offer support to clients at the earliest stages of drug discovery and stay with them throughout the entire early-stage process, a capability that no other CRO can match. We are continuing to pursue opportunities to expand existing client relationships and forgo and forge new ones, which we believe is fundamental to our ability to drive sales, cash flow and earnings growth in the coming years. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like Tom Ackerman to give additional details on our first quarter.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. Let me begin with the operating margin, which improved 20 basis points year-over-year to 17%. Improvement in both segments was partially offset by higher unallocated cost. PCS operating margin improvement was driven by 2 primary factors: The first was foreign exchange, which benefited the margin by more than 100 basis points due to the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar on our PCS-Canada operations. You may recall that because we invoice PCS-Canada clients in both U.S. and Canadian dollars, but incur most of our cost in Canadian dollars, we do not have the same natural hedge that we do in our other foreign locations. PCS operating margin also benefited by approximately 90 basis points as a result of the U.K. tax law change in 2013 that changed the treatment of R&D tax credit. We expect a similar benefit in the second quarter of 2014, but will anniversary the tax law change in the third quarter of the year. Unallocated corporate cost increased $2.4 million year-over-year to $22.4 million in the first quarter of 2014. This was primarily driven by higher compensation cost. For the year, we expect unallocated corporate cost to be slightly below 6.5% of total sales. This is less than our prior outlook of approximately 6.5% of sales due to the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus, which adds sales without meaningfully increasing corporate costs. In the other income category, the most significant item was a gain of $6.1 million or $0.08 per share on a limited partnership investment. This gain was related to our investment in a large life science venture capital fund. Our primary purpose in partnering with life science venture capital funds is to enable us to access a group of more than 100 emerging biotech companies at an early stage and offer us the opportunity to become the preferred provider for their drug discovery and early development needs. The investment returns, while attractive, have always been a secondary element of these relationships. Since our first limited partnership investment in 2009, we have invested $13.8 million in several venture capital funds, for which we have recorded a carrying value of $19 million on our balance sheet and have already received dividends of $6.5 million in cash and securities. To date, we have committed to invest up to $35 million. We anticipate that we will continue to pursue this strategy and are targeting total commitments in a range no higher than $50 million to $75 million at any one time. However, given the typical life cycle of these funds, we expect that our actual cash investments will not exceed more than half of this total commitment amount at any one time. Other non-operating factors, including interest expense, tax rate and share comp, did not collectively have a meaningful impact on the first quarter EPS. Net interest expense was $2.6 million in the first quarter, which was unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2013, but declined by $1.8 million from $4.4 million in the first quarter of 2013. The year-over-year decline reflects the amendment to our credit agreement and subsequent refinancing of our 2.25% convertible notes in the second quarter of 2013. For the year, we now expect net interest expense to be in a range of $14 million to $16 million or approximately $2 million higher than our prior outlook. The increase is due to higher debt balances related to the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus on April 1. In the first quarter, the non-GAAP tax rate increased by 70 basis points year-over-year to 27.4%. The increase was primarily the result of a reduction in the benefit of Canadian R&D credits and the U.K. tax law change, partially offset by a favorable earnings mix. However, first quarter tax rate of 27.4% was below our prior outlook of 28.5% to 29.5% in 2014. Due to the lower first quarter rate and the addition of Argenta and BioFocus, which are taxed at a lower rate in the U.K., we expect our non-GAAP tax rate in 2014 to be in a range of 27% to 28% or approximately 150 basis points below our prior outlook. We have also implemented legal entity restructuring initiatives, which are expected to benefit our 2014 tax rate. There is potential legislation in certain foreign jurisdictions that could modestly increase our tax rate in 2014, but this has not been included in our guidance range because the outcome remains uncertain. Free cash flow declined by $6.3 million to $17.3 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by a $4.8 million increase in capital expenditures to $11.2 million. This was in line with our expectation, which was for CapEx to be in a range of $50 million to $60 million this year compared to $39 million in 2013. The acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus will increase our capital spending for the year, so we now expect CapEx in the range of $55 million to $65 million. Also, as a result of the acquisition, we are increasing our free cash flow guidance to a range of $180 million to $190 million in 2014 from our previous range of $175 million to $185 million. Since the acquisition was completed 1 month ago, we have been focused on implementing our comprehensive integration plan. While in the early stages, the integration has progressed well, and we remain confident that Argenta and BioFocus will contribute 6% to sales growth and $0.10 to non-GAAP EPS in 2014. We expect to incur charges totaling approximately $0.16 in 2014 related to the acquisition, which will be excluded from non-GAAP results. These charges include $0.11 of amortization of intangible assets and $0.05 of acquisition and integration-related costs. The $0.05 charge is associated with the cost incurred to evaluate the acquisition, including the engagement of banking, legal and accounting advisors, as well as integration cost. We believe that the acquisition of Argenta and BioFocus was not only outstanding from a strategic perspective, but also because it enabled us to further optimize our capital structure. We were able to partially finance the transaction using foreign cash that accumulates overseas, as well as foreign debt that can be repaid with foreign earnings. We borrowed EUR 85 million or approximately $116 million on our euro-denominated revolver and used approximately $75 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries to complete the transaction. This equates to a purchase price of approximately $191 million, including payment for estimated working capital, which is subject to final adjustment. At the end of the first quarter, our total debt was $640 million. This does not include the $116 million of financing for the acquisition, which was completed in the second quarter. Following the acquisition, our pro forma leverage ratio is expected to be between 2.5 and 2.75x, and we intend to maintain the leverage ratio for the remainder of the year. We plan to repay debt throughout the year, consistent with the scheduled installments on the term loan. We also intend to continue to repurchase stock with the goal of offsetting dilution from option exercises this year, as well as modestly reducing our share count. We now expect an average diluted share count of slightly below 48 million shares in 2014, which is slightly higher than the outlook we provided in February due to the timing of repurchases. We repurchased approximately 183,000 shares for a total of $9.8 million in the first quarter of 2014. And at the end of the quarter, we have $129.3 million remaining on our stock repurchase authorization. I would like to provide a few other details with regard to our updated 2014 guidance. Our sales guidance of 9% to 11% is the same for both reported and constant currency because we continue to expect foreign exchange to have only a small benefit for 2014, as the sharp movement in the Canadian dollar has been largely offset by changes in other currencies, such as the stronger euro and pound. We now expect that the consolidated operating margin will be about the same as the 2013 margin of 17.3%. This is below our prior outlook because Argenta and BioFocus' operating margin is below our corporate average. The business currently has low- to mid-teen margins, which we expect to improve over time. In addition, I would like to remind you that we have not re-forecast any investment gains or losses in the remaining quarters of 2014 since the performance of our investors and venture capital limited partners -- partnerships is largely based on market returns and, thus, unpredictable. This creates a $0.08 headwind in the second quarter when compared to the first quarter of 2014. Looking at the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be similar to the first quarter level of $0.82 despite the $0.08 headwind. Our favorable outlook for the second quarter is driven by higher sales and operating margins in our legacy RMS and PCS business segment on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. The improved demand in bookings in March provides an early indication of a stronger second quarter. In addition to growth in our legacy businesses, we expect Argenta and BioFocus to add $20 million to $25 million to second quarter sales, which is in line with our acquisition plan. We believe that we are well positioned in 2014 to generate meaningful benefits from our ongoing efficiency initiatives and successfully execute our sales strategies in the integration of Argenta and BioFocus. Therefore, we are confident in our ability to achieve our financial guidance for the year. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. The operator will take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll go to Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I want to talk about mix of tox in your portfolio and as it relates to your guidance. So the checks in that we continually -- that we are doing continually bring up this idea that IND-enabling studies are really starting to ramp, and that, obviously, I think, makes sense, following the abundance of non-GLP studies, dose range findings, if you will, over the last year or 2. When you think about your guidance, do you model in any type of divergence from status quo just in terms of the mix of toxicology studies that you're going to be conducting this year? And Jim, if you could maybe just share with us your view on the trend that you guys have been seeing on the level of IND-enabling studies that are being conducted.
James C. Foster: We're talking to a lot more clients who are indicating that they have multiple IND programs to put in place this year. As we've said in our prepared remarks, the first quarter was pretty much as we had predicted and very much the way it has been in the prior years. It's a slower sorting-out process to determine what drugs will be worked on at all and what drugs will be worked on internally versus externally from a Big Pharma, where they'll go, if it's biotech. And as we've said, March was a much stronger month, particularly the global. So we anticipate a stronger second quarter sequentially. We would expect to see an improvement in mix between specialty and general tox, which we're beginning to get some evidence of in March. We would begin to see more of the early work moving into more of a balance between the early work and the late-stage work, as you posed the question. We would begin -- we would expect to see biotech continue to be strong, and we expect to see pharma continue to strengthen, given the sorting-out phenomenon that we saw. So we're optimistic about the strengthening balance between long and short at specialty and gen tox by going forward.
Thomas F. Ackerman: And Greg, we are optimistic about our margin. To your more specific question about IND-enabling studies and our forecast, et cetera, we do factor that into our forecast, but more to the extent of what we have in our backlog and with a little bit less emphasis on what might occur a little bit later, given directional indication. So it's somewhat taken into consideration, but not exclusively based on what our clients might be saying, "for the latter part of year," for instance.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. In PCS, I know it's really difficult to talk about utilization. But on a global basis, where would you say Charles River's global capacity utilization is in toxicology? And then as a follow-up to that, historically, at what levels of capacity utilization have you begun to see more stable and, perhaps, even accelerating price increases? And then I'll have a follow-up to that.
James C. Foster: Okay. So without giving the exact number, Eric, which you know, we can't and -- for competitive reasons. Our capacity is improving as we said earlier. We have begun to open new space. That's really a positive thing. We still have some sites that are full. That means 85% or greater capacity utilization. We have others approaching that. So we're in the midst of our strategic planning process. And obviously, our internal dialogue is a lot about what will our space needs be for the next 3 to 5 years. That's a complex scenario. So we have a very good sense of what we'll need and what we're running out of and what clients we're engaging with. We only have anecdotal information about what the competition is doing. But suffice it to say, everybody's space appears to be filling, even if they're not quite as full as we are. Pricing just will not materially improve because pricing stable with some periodic aggression based upon how full people are at the end of a particular quarter, a fair amount of that in the fourth quarter. But pricing will probably only moves in a material way if everybody's pretty full. And we are slowly opening space, and the clients are waiting in line. And there's more of a balance in terms of supply and demand. But we certainly can see it. We can see it on the horizon, and we are winning space, where we're absolutely not the lowest price, not even the second-lowest price provider in something that we bid on. And so there appears to be some rush to quality in science and an acknowledgment, even if it's not verbalized, that pricing is pretty good right now, and clients don't want to push any of the CROs that have to cut any corners. And so I think it's all progressing well in the right direction.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Great. Just a quick one on Research Models. Hoping you could give us a greater sense of the performance across your catalog lines. In other words, safety versus humanized or immuno-deficient, et cetera, models. And then also, large animal models. At the SOT conference, a few of your competitors and other vendors in the market were talking about seeing an increase in nonhuman primate demand. You have pretty easy comps there. I'm just curious if you can give us an update on if you're seeing yourselves an increase in nonhuman primate with a higher biotech funding and a greater focus on biologic development?
James C. Foster: Well, we look at that business as primarily -- while we have still some commercial space, we look at that principally in terms of our ability to supply ourselves. So it's really an increased emphasis in demand for the large animals from a biotech client, so working with large molecules. That probably will persist. So we're working hard to make sure we have physicians in an appropriate and timely supply. On the core rodent business, I guess I'd say a couple of things, but we're seeing an increased demand from CROs. So that's our competition in the CRO industry, and that would track with the fact that we're seeing increased demand for toxicology services, and business is growing. Immunocompromised mice sales are doing well. And all of that is overshadowed a little bit by the fact that because of the consolidation and interest cost [ph] reductions, the total unit numbers are down. But if you try to normalize that, we're getting some price. We have some unit increase in some of the other models. And we saw our North American business stabilize, which had been down in the prior quarter. So that's actually really good signal. So there's some strengthening of demand.
Operator: We'll go to Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Jim, following up on that last. The 3.5% RMS or models decline in the context of your comment that U.S. is stabilizing. So is 3.5% better than it has been? I don't think you've given us quite as precise an estimate in prior quarters.
James C. Foster: Yes. We're seeing a bit continued decline -- stronger decline in Europe and Japan. It tends to lag the U.S. So our stabilization is domestic, it's a U.S. stabilization. It's a really good sign. It was declining last year. And we're getting some price and still the global number is down 3.5%. So that's the impact of lots of space having come off-line and continuing to come off-line over the last few years. Though, in the midst of that, we've been taking share in the mid-tier and some in the academic marketplace, and we have very, very big R&D facilities that no longer exist. So if that will continue to put pressure on the core business, if we continue to see major reductions today or if we don't or if it slows down in Europe and Japan, we're likely to see more of a global stabilization, and we might even see some upside benefit for the pricing, because we wouldn't have to offset unit decline.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If I could sneak one in, would you mind giving us an update on your activities on the global productivity?
James C. Foster: Oh, sure. We're -- we have a host of projects, many, many dozens of projects with team leaders in each one of them. We continue to have teams both in the U.S. and Europe at different levels in the organization look at new areas to pursue. We have multiple facilities that we're looking at to improve our efficiency. We're looking at automation. We're looking at procurement. We're looking at a host of technologies to employ. I'd say it's going at least as well if not better than we have anticipated. We're not quite ready to sort of pronounce what we see for 2015. But we certainly believe it will be a meaningful number. And it really feels good in terms of lots of things that we've been doing for a long time that we can just do more efficiently as that should help drive margin. So we're focused on that. We have a group that's working on that daily at the executive committee, which are the top 6 senior people in this company. We review current projects weekly. So we're shining a really bright light on this one. And given the challenge of getting pricing, particularly in the preclinical business, obviously, driving efficiency is essential to our goal of improving our operating margin. So it's going quite well.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, I just -- I want to get more comfortable with the decision to open up new capacity. I mean, we've all kind of lived through these cycles, and you're still sitting on the Shrewsbury facility. So can you maybe just talk us to whether some of this initial capacity is already spoken for? And how do we reconcile all this with the proposed pharma M&A that's undertaken, assuming there's a lot of capacity that will be coming out of pharma if these deals go through?
James C. Foster: A really fair question there, Tycho. We have several sites where we have really great demand, and we have the ability to open relatively small amounts of space without impairing margin and keeping clients, who for whatever reason, prefer those sites, happy and not causing them to have go to other Charles River sites, which would be okay, but maybe not preferable. And certainly, we don't want them to elsewhere. So Edinburgh's has been pretty well utilized in certain species. We opened some space there last year. We've had some really great demand by global clients at that site over the last couple of years, and we think that will continue. I mean, that's our only European site. Ohio is a very, very efficient, low-cost facility with great expertise in general tox and certain specialty areas. And we had built -- you may remember this. We had built the building, but stopped 80% through. It's actually a very flexible, efficiently designed building. So we're kind of finishing that just kind of just in time, just -- yes, we do have our clients for the space at both of those sites. We had -- we didn't talk about it in this call, but we had finished, I don't remember, 30-or-so rooms in Reno that really weren't operational and really weren't caged, and we can kind of stage those and utilize them as we need them. So it's really more a swing space at sites with specific expertise as with the client base, not going to have margin impact, really isn't -- it doesn't sort of get in the way or have much to do with if and when and how we open Shrewsbury. It's certainly something we want to do, but that's a very big site. It's a different order of magnitude decision. And I think that we will have to sort of steadily, carefully and thoughtfully and judiciously, as we've said, open space, a small amount of space. We have multiple sites, as I've said a few minutes ago. We are in the midst of our strategic planning process. And obviously, one of the issues that we're grappling with is where to open space and when and that -- I have to tell you, that feels very good given the last 4, 5 years where we had way too much excess space, and we have a lot less of it right now, putting Shrewsbury aside, putting the Dallas space and Reno aside. The big locations that we have are moving towards the point they're being all well utilized. So we feel comfortable that we're doing this in a thoughtful way that's not going to impair our ability to get priced. It's going to be a competitive -- provide competitive strength for us and keep our clients happy.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on a recent acquisition, it's early days, obviously, but any customer feedback you can share? And any additional thoughts in your ability to cross-sell within their existing customer base?
James C. Foster: I've never seen an acquisition of us quite this synergistic from a revenue point of view. So I was just there last week. We spent a lot of time on the go-to-market aspects of this. We have a -- we immediately upon -- actually, before close, but we immediately got clients -- their clients to work with us and, more importantly, our clients to work with them because they wanted a broader offering. We have dozens of really high level meetings set up with a whole bunch of senior people in this organization, have larger strategic conversations to advance current strategic conversations and to expand current strategic deals. I'd say the feedback from clients has been exceptional, not unanticipated, but very, very positive. And it really feels like we are in a very strong competitive position. We're going to be driving those conversations really, really hard for the balance of this year.
Operator: And we'll go to John Kreger with William Blair.
Roberto Fatta: This is actually Robbie Fatta in for John. The first one is on your client segmentation. I know you gave us global key accounts and then the mid-tier clients split out. Could you give us any more detail on the mid-tier, maybe tell us which ones are -- at what percentage are self-financed versus which ones rely on the public markets for funding?
James C. Foster: Certainly, I couldn't do that off the top of my head. It's a very large client list. It's big biotech, but mostly mid and small. I would say many of those companies are getting funding directly from Big Pharma. And obviously, some are getting money directly from the capital markets. And obviously, lots have got a lot of money over the last year from there. We have a bunch of VC deals, as you know. So we know those companies, while they're getting money directly from venture capital firms, who have had some stunning liquidation events, including a couple of ones that we work with. And they're out now raising funds again, and I think that there's going to be a significant amount of money for early-stage biotech, notwithstanding -- without any need for the capital markets. So I mean, I think the mid-tier marketplace is extremely well financed. If you are concerned that the window is going to close or is closing in biotech funding, as you know, there's extraordinary money raised in 2013 and in the first quarter of this year, so there's lots of cash to drive the growth and development in R&D for a long time forward. I think it's still clearly and increasingly the place where drug discoveries are best made or most quickly made in biotech. And so if there's any shortfall from capital markets, we suspect that the pharma companies will make that up.
Roberto Fatta: Got it. That's very helpful. And one other one, back on the RMS topic, and this might be a difficult question to answer. But in the absence of internal capacity closures, do you have an estimate of what model usage would be? And I guess what we're trying to -- or what I'm trying to get at is whether you feel like there's a structural decline at all in model usage or if this is merely the transitory impact of consolidation?
James C. Foster: I mean, I think it's more the latter, so obviously, a tough question to answer because the infrastructure decline -- the infrastructure has step down for the past several years. So it's kind of difficult to find sea level here. Pricing puts us this sort of overall unit numbers for Research Models have been declining for 2 or 3 decades. So it's not new. There's a more judicious use of them, which is appropriate. There are better animal models, which is appropriate. They're more expensive, which is great for us. They're more translational in terms of the information they give, which is good for everyone. There are more compromised animals, and we all see animals being used. So I think it's more a shift in mix type of animal models with some overriding significant reductions in utilization because you have the big site close, while there are probably more to come. And there are obviously a finite number of those facilities. So at some point, that stops. And the companies who are left, along with their biotech and academic partners, I think will need to use more of these early specialized models, and I think we have a very good footprint in the Research Model business. And I think we are managing our capacity really well, and we're doing a very, very good job taking an old, extremely profitable business and looking at it with fresh eyes and driving multiple efficiency initiatives through that, which should be able to actually improve the margins. So it's a change in capacity that we have our arms around.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on PCS and the margin, just trying to understand some of the moving pieces a little bit better. It looks like the 230-basis-point increase year-over-year was helped by the U.K. tax change and FX. The remaining maybe cost 40 basis points in core expansion, probably less than what I would consider, given the nice growth you saw there on the top line. I'm just curious if you can maybe comment around the incremental margin that we should be thinking about today as we think about the revenue trajectory from here?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Bob, is that a question about the whole year?
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, just -- Tom, just like on the drop-through. I think, I would have thought given the revenue increase in PCS that the core margin would've expanded more. So I'm just wondering, is there anything at play, any dynamics worth calling out this quarter that we should think about in subsequent quarters?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Not in particular. I mean, as we've talked about this in the past, we would expect, on a normal basis, a drop-through of anywhere from 20% to 30% or more. I mean, before the dynamics changed in the last few years, we used to talk about a higher flow-through than that. But as you know, the prices have come down and things like that, so I think it sort of compressed that. Mix is always an issue, both in terms of study type, as well as client mix. So in some regards, it's always a little bit unpredictable if we do more work with a given client or more work in a specific area or site. Directionally speaking, I do think the trends are positive. We did get out of the gate a little bit slower in the first couple of months, as Jim mentioned earlier, with a strong uptick in March both internally in revenue in business, as well as in booking, indicating a stronger second quarter. So I do think we'll see the margin come up as we move through the year. And some of those particular items were always a little bit difficult to predict, as I had said. But there's really no underlying -- there's really nothing underlying it dramatically that I would say that on a downside, it sort of grows into the equation, so to speak.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. No. Understood. And I guess just maybe for the year, trying to understand bigger picture the operational view post this quarter, if I take into consideration the benefit from the limited partnership and then, obviously, the addition of the acquisitions of Argenta and BioFocus, it seems to me, and I know there's a number of moving pieces at play, that the core EPS guidance has actually reduced slightly. Am I missing any moving pieces there? And if that is the case, I guess what specifically changed post-1Q that would have you thinking operationally a little bit different for the rest of the year?
Thomas F. Ackerman: We don't feel any different about our guidance for the rest of the year than we felt when we gave it. We increased the guidance $0.10 because of Argenta and BioFocus, which is what we have said earlier. And we essentially raised it $0.05 for what was a $0.08 gain on the limited partnership. We really did that for simplification purposes. I mean, we've rounded it up $0.05. Those partnerships can be volatile. So in the second or third quarter, we could always be $0.01 or $0.02 on the downside from those, which has happened before, and we wouldn't want to lower guidance for that. But going to our core base businesses, we don't have any different view on the outlook for the rest of the year as we did when we gave our guidance. And I would attribute the delta and the MPM really to just rounding and the vagaries of what could be additional volatility going forward.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on that question about the drop-through. Can you help us just understand, Tom, why the drop-through, even without pricing, wouldn't be higher than 20% to 30%, given kind of the underutilized capacity situation?
Thomas F. Ackerman: It really goes back, Tim, to really what I said. I mean, I think we have seen drop-through in a given quarter a little bit higher than that, and I think we've seen as other comps that drop-through be a little bit less. It depends on what sites clients are using. Not all our sites are at optimal capacity. It depends on the study mix. And it depends on the client. So I do think we've seen, in particular instances, nice flow-through. In other instance, that's -- I would say that in a more competitive situations, the flow-through isn't as great, as Jim had said. Also, we are looking to continue to grow the business and gain market share around some of the situations are a little bit more competitive than others.
Operator: We'll go to Jeff Bailin with Crdit Suisse.
Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Now maybe just to follow-up on the Argenta and BioFocus deal and positioning in Discovery Market. That market being a little bit less mature. Are there any geographic or pricing considerations that we should be considering as you grow bigger in that market, either from variations on labor, supply, different geographies, and how that might ultimately impact the margin of that businesses over time?
James C. Foster: Not really sure how to respond to that. I think we have extremely efficient operations, the deep -- the wide and deep clients. I think cost structures were actual clients, so from everywhere, so both Europe and U.S., a few from Asia, supporting clients everywhere. We have a limited number of competitors, and we have enormous synergies with the rest of our service offering. So I don't think where we're doing it or who we're supporting geographically is rather that relevant. We do think we have some opportunities through efficiency, scale, and the size of our strategic deals to drive margin. And I'm very, very pleased to be able to access market that's essentially internal with the opportunity because we have a portfolio that clients will be interested in to piece more of this work outside. And a lot of it could be done externally.
Operator: And we'll go to Rafael Tejada with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Derik De Bruin in for Rafael. I have 2 questions, and they're both related, and they're addressing the question about sort of discussing potentially the question -- maybe what if the Research Models business is more -- are you going to the point -- the question is, is it a secular decline? And both of these are -- looking at some of the other businesses you have in the Research Models business. So the first question is, the PCS business has done really well for you guys. It's been a good grower. Where are we sort of in the penetration of that market? And how much more shift is it going from traditional methods to that? What's the runway there?
James C. Foster: So that's a business that notwithstanding the fact that it's growing really well, given the products that we're in the process of launching and the markets we're in the process of accessing, I think the last estimate we had was probably around $650 million. We give indications of the size of this business it's about 10% of our revenue. So we have a lot of runway left. We do think that the margins, while we don't disclose them, you all know they're attractive, sustainable. And our IP is pretty deep, and we're staying well ahead of the competition and moving -- especially moving into additional markets. So we would be very surprised and disappointed at this business if it doesn't have long-term, sustainable, low double-digit growth potential. And obviously, if it gets larger -- as it gets larger, it has bigger impact on the total.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then you've done a great job in sort of building out your early discovery assets. And I'm just curious from the area of genomics, I mean, we've seen some of your competitors buying, some of your competitors selling. I guess, is this an area that you need to expand in or think it's attractive? Are your customers even asking for more just genomics work as part of the package from you?
James C. Foster: It's something that we're going to have to continue to look at, Derik, as we look at our M&A pipeline and think about the services that we'll bringing online. I would say it's not a primary topic of conversation with most of our clients, I think there are some other things that are more short term -- of greater short-term need to continue to expand and fill out our portfolio that we'll likely to look at first.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Actually, maybe a sort of quick follow-up to Derik's last question, not necessarily genetic or sequencing tools, but Bristol-Myers recently announced an acquisition of a company, which uses induced pluripotent stem cell technology to discover novel drug targets and therapies. Is this an area that you're interested in, and something that you might be investing in more, as you try to diversify more into nonanimal models for discovery tox purposes?
James C. Foster: Clearly, stem cells are getting increasing attention, and some of the methodologies to produce them are looking to be more efficient, cost effective, and they're going to, obviously, continue to play a larger role of discovery efforts. And let's just say it's an area that we're going to continue to get smart. And if appropriate, and appropriate means we could find a strategic way to do this, we'd be interested in moving more into that area. But I would say it's early days for us, and we're more in the educational mode and really determining which technologies are practical and can be used in a promotional setting or not. But we're certainly interested in that space.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's interesting and helpful. And Tom, I guess 1 unrelated follow-up, and it's really just trying to get a little bit more help on some math. You did get a question on EPS earlier, and it does seem like you increased full year EPS guidance by about $0.125 at the midpoint, and that is less than the combined $0.15 to $0.18 benefit associated with Argenta and BioFocus and the limited partnership gain. So with that in mind, I went back and went through your prepared comments on mix pricing capacity again. And it all seems relatively encouraging. But then I look back at what you talked about in terms of margins for Argenta and BioFocus and factored in the FX benefit, which seems incremental at the operating line. And all of this leads me to, in a long-winded way, the question, which is, did you guys actually lower operating margin guidance on a core basis for the year, maybe by as much as 50 basis points? I think you guys had originally talked about that being up 50 basis points year-over-year. Are you now factoring in something less than that?
Thomas F. Ackerman: No. No, we're not. I know we'd probably have to corroborate around some of the numbers. And then originally, we talked about margin being approximately the same to up slightly and what we said now, of course, with Argenta and BioFocus, which does have a lower margin than Charles River corporate. It takes a little bit off on the margin. But our underlying guidance, as I said to, I think, Tim's question a couple of moments ago, I mean, our underlying guidance is about the same. We do have a $0.10 range. There are always some things that move around there a little bit. Tax rate is benefiting a little bit from a couple of things, including the tax break from our Argenta, which was included in our $0.10 guidance with regard to that. So without going through with line by line, I mean, the easiest answer I'd give you is that we haven't changed our assumptions for base Charles River business before or after Argenta or before or after MPM or anything else like that. I noticed some of you guys with the different modeling, you end up at different spots in the range. I mean, that tends to happen. We tend to look at not what everybody's doing, but what some of you guys are doing, and we kind of see how different people get different ends of the range depending on your underlying assumptions. So -- but there's nothing in the base business, for instance, that we feel different about than we did when we gave our original guidance.
Operator: And we'll go to Sung Ji Nam with Cantor.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Was wondering, Jim, if you could give us more color. You talked about bookings accelerating for your top mid-tier accounts significantly in March. Was wondering, are they largely kind of short-term projects? Or is there increasing appetite for longer-term project from these guys?
James C. Foster: Both, but there's definitely -- we're definitely seeing some longer-term studies. We definitely see more specialty work. We're seeing more, and we see more IND-enabling packages. It's exactly what we've said we're seeing, the result of sorting out, making decision in March and kind of placing the bets on what molecules they want to work on this year. So we're pleased to be -- we're pleased to see it where we had anticipated seeing it. It's increasingly the way the big drug companies have been working vis--vis their external CRO partners. And we should see a pretty good mix and balance of work going forward, both as the second quarter continues and the balance of the year continues.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Great. And then just one quick one. Just was wondering, just out of curiosity, what you're seeing -- obviously, you're seeing really strong growth from mid-tier clients. From a competitive standpoint, what you might be seeing for some of your midsize to smaller competitors? Are they also faring well with this market? Or are you pretty much disproportionately taking a lot of the growth from this segment?
James C. Foster: It's always tough to say because so many of our competitors are private out there, and the information is anecdotal. But I would say that, as I commented earlier, pricing's basically stabilized with a little bit of aggression fourth quarter. I think there's more work out there for everybody, though I would suspect that everybody's space is filling more rapidly than perhaps it did. I think everyone's space was filling in '13 and that's continuing in '14. Certainly, well above 2012, so I think that's a positive thing. And I think there's an increasing amount of work out there and increasing reliance by the big clients on external resources as they decidedly and aggressively close internal space. So as we've said before, I think the only thing we don't love about the tox business is the level of price. And this, too, will change. And in the meantime, while pricing's still a little bit of a challenge, we're going to continue to work on driving efficiency. And when there is an opportunity for positive mix, given the nature of our portfolio, we tend to get it. So we feel good about the trajectory in that business.
Operator: And we have time for one final question, and we'll go to George Hill with Deutsche Bank.
George Hill - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I got on late -- to the call late, so I apologize if this question was already touched on. But are you starting to see pressure on competitors to exit the Research Models business, given the weak demand environment?
James C. Foster: No. There are a very small number of people left in this industry, if you can call it that. There's basically half a dozen other players up now Japan, 1 or 2 in Europe and a couple in the U.S, one of which was a not for profit. I would imagine everybody is shrinking infrastructure. We know that everybody is pushing prices as much as they can. We're largest -- we're larger, and we've historically been the supplier to Big Pharma. So we see things more clearly than perhaps they do. But I don't think -- and we have one of our large competitors, the private equity owner that's apparently for sale, but we don't know that for a fact. But I don't think it's foreseeable at all that anybody's going to go out of business.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to the speakers for closing comments.
Susan E. Hardy: We know that there are some more questions on the line. We apologize. We don't have the time this morning to get to them, but we will follow up with you. That concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Foster - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Ackerman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee Douglas Tsao - Barclays Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Bair Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities John Kreger - William Blair Dave Windley - Jefferies Jeff Bailin - Credit Suisse Ross Muken - ISI Group Steven Valiquette - UBS Sung Ji Nam - Cantor
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings and 2014 Guidance Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to turn the conference over to Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter 2013 and 2014 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our fourth quarter results and provide guidance for 2014. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 315893. The replay will be available through February 26th and you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2013, as well as other filings we made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our fourth quarter results before commenting on our 2014 guidance and business prospects. We reported sales of $289.2 million in the fourth quarter 2013, an increase of 3.2% over the previous year. Excluding the negative effect of foreign exchange, sales increased 3.7%. PCS segment was the primary driver of the increase at 8.2% in constant currency. The fourth quarter sales increase represented the highest growth rate we reported in the last five years. As expected, PCS sales declined slightly on a sequential basis due primarily to seasonality. We were exceptionally pleased with the PCS performance, which reflected our market share gain as well as improved demand from both large biopharmaceutical and mid-tier clients. Year-over-year the consolidated operating margin improved by 50 basis points to 16.4%. The UK tax law change, which shifted R&D credits to PCS segment operating income, provided a benefit of approximately 40 basis points to the consolidated margin. Tom will provide additional information on this change shortly. Higher PCS and EMD sales, the acquisition of Vital River, and improved operating efficiency contributed approximately 50 basis points to the operating margin increase, which was effectively offset by higher corporate costs. Earnings per share were $0.73 in the fourth quarter, an increase of 14.1% from $0.64 in the fourth quarter of 2012. We continued to return value to shareholders in the fourth quarter through our share repurchase plan for the purchase of approximately 1.5 million shares with $77.2 million. In total, we repurchased nearly 3.5 million shares in 2013, which effectively enabled us to achieve our goal of offsetting dilution from stock compensation and the exercise of stock option. We were generally very pleased with the fourth quarter results, which demonstrated the benefits of the actions we have taken to position Charles River to be the partner of choice for outsourced drug discovery and development services. Our efforts to create a more streamlined and efficient operation without compromising scientific expertise or client service have enabled us to maintain and enhance Charles River's leading market position as a premier provider of essential early-stage drug discovery and development solution and to provide those solutions tailored to each client's specific needs. This in turn has provided clients with the resources they require in lieu of in-house capabilities and supported their goal to increase their use of outsourced services with a reliable scientific partner. I'd like to provide you with details on the fourth quarter segment performance. RMS segment sales were $172.3 million, a 1% gain in constant currency. The increase was due primarily to the acquisition of Vital River, which continued to exceed our original expectation. In addition to the acquisition, both our GEMS and EMD businesses performed well. The main offsets to growth were research model production and the termination of the two long-term European contracts, which we've discussed in previous quarters. Those contracts, which totaled approximately $5.5 million in the annual revenues, included at the end of 2012, as a result they will not impact 2014 comparison. The RMS operating margin was 27.1% in the fourth quarter, thats 20 basis points below the fourth quarter of 2012. Lower legacy sales and research models significantly impacted the margin, which is extremely sensitive to changes in volume. This is particularly true in the fourth quarter of the year when, as you know, normal seasonality reduces unit volume. We mitigated some of the impact as a result of efficiency initiative implemented earlier in the year. Through our ongoing focus on efficiency, we are continuing to work diligently to enhance the operation of our production business and are reaffirming our goal of maintaining an RMS operating margin at or above 30% on an annualized basis. Excluding Vital River, sales of research models declined by approximately 5% year-over-year. The continuing consolidation of the biopharmaceutical industry, the closure of biopharmaceutical facilities, and the evolution of drug development to eliminate molecules earlier in the process have caused softened demand for our research model, which more than offset our market share gain. We believe that research models will continue to be a critical component of drug research, and based on our position as a market leader, we will gain additional share with our global biopharma, mid-tier, and academic clients. We also expect that demand for our models will continue to grow in China, a market which is developing well and in which we have established Charles River as a premier provider. However, we also believe that the factors I mentioned will continue to impact demand in 2014. We have a number of sales initiatives in place to enable us to gain market share, particularly in the academic sector. And as I mentioned, we implemented specific efficiency initiatives focused on research model production. We've evaluated our production infrastructure to determine optimal capacity and determined that we could reduce capacity in North America. This led us to the decision implemented last week to close our Michigan facility in late 2014. We will continue to provide our clients with research models from our other facilities without compromising either availability or on-time delivery. Research Model Services were effectively flat in the fourth quarter with gains in DRS and GEMS offset by the impact of the European contract terminations. We were very pleased with the solid growth in both DRS and GEMS, increased outsourcing, combined with our market share gains that is driving growth for these businesses as well as for Preclinical Services. In DRS, sales increased year-over-year and also continued the positive trajectory we saw through our 2013 with sequential growth in the fourth quarter. Our expertise in oncology and CNS is widely known, and we intend to expand our therapeutic area expertise to other disease areas in order to enhance our value to clients. Because we believe that the majority of discovery work is still done in-house and the outsourcing opportunity is significant, this is one of the areas for which we are pursuing acquisition opportunities. We are focused on expanding upstream to enhance our discovery expertise, as clients continue to look to partner with CRL in the earlier stages of their R&D program. We believe that by providing support for a larger portion of the discovery process, we can enhance the value of our portfolio to our clients. The GEMS business also reported sales growth in the fourth quarter, predominantly in the US, as researchers continued to develop more complex models of human disease to use in translational research. They're outsourcing services to us in order to access expertise they no longer have in-house or perhaps never established. Genetically-engineered models present unique set of challenges in research, which are not easily solved. Given the expertise we have developed over our long history, we believe there is no CRO better able to address these challenges than Charles River. The EMD business delivered a very good performance, highlighted by sales of testing products outside the US and Accugenix service sales. The PCS franchise continued to exhibit strength as we saw additional instruments and cartridges and continued to take share in the conventional testing market. Sales in the US was slightly behind our fourth quarter plan, primarily as a result of product introductions, which occurred later in the year than anticipated. However, we expect that sales growth will be in the low-double digits in 2014 as new products are introduced, and we continue our efforts to convert large pharmaceutical manufacturers central laboratories to the PCS cartridge technology. As I mentioned on our last conference call, Accugenix marked its one year anniversary as part of the Charles River portfolio at the end of August. We continue to be very pleased with the integration and our efforts to expand sales. Cross-promotion of the legacy portfolio and Accugenix services has enabled us to take market share as clients recognize the value of doing both microbial testing and identification through one provider. We intend to continue investing in both product extension and acquisitions like Accugenix in order to drive the EMD growth. Strengthening demand for outsourced services and our market share gain drove an impressive 8.2% increase in the fourth quarter PCS sales in constant currency. At $117 million, sales was just below the third quarter level, which was the highest level in any quarter since the first half of 2010. As I mentioned, the slight fourth quarter decline was expected, as launches often delay steady starts during the holiday. Growth was driven by the continued benefit from market share gain as well as the increased steady starts and steady volume versus last year, which we believe is indicative of improving demand. As was the case in the third quarter, mixed results are favorable. The improvement in volume and mix as well as the benefits of efficiency initiative generated a significant increase in the fourth quarter PCS margin. At 13.3%, the operating margin was 320 basis points higher than in the fourth quarter of the previous year. The increase was driven primarily by operating factors, which contributed 230 basis points of the improvement. The change in R&D credits accounted for only 90 basis points of the margin gain. As a result of improved demand, our preclinical capacity is continuing to be better utilized. Pricing has generally remained unchanged, although intermittently there is aggressive pricing by all of our major competitors who have more unused capacity. As the industry utilizing approaches more optimal levels, we are confident that pricing will eventually improve. While price is an important consideration, expertise and quality are most often considered more critical. We have continued to win RFPs for which we were not the lowest there, because as global biopharmaceutical companies reduce their infrastructure, they were reliant on CROs. They do not want to compromise on scientific expertise. And that criterion is critical. Charles River is their preferred choice. We believe that the strategic relationships we have won with global biopharmaceutical companies demonstrate that as these companies increasingly choose to build strategic relationships with a smaller number of partners, our unique early-stage portfolio, our scientific expertise and our flexibility are recognized as key competitive differentiators. Now that the first group of strategic relationships we won in insuring and the logistics of working together are established, the opportunities to expand the relationships with these clients are becoming more numerous. This has been the key tenet of our strategy that as the relationships strengthen and the clients use us as colleagues on the same side of the table, they will expand the scope of products and services they purchase from us. PCS sales to our global key accounts, which comprise approximately 25 of the largest biopharmaceutical companies, increased 5%. This is primarily the result of new agreements signed in 2012 and 2013, as well as the expansion of services under existing agreements. In 2013, sales from strategic relationships represented slightly more than 25% of total sales. Discussions with these clients are ongoing, adds to our discussions with other biopharmaceutical companies about new strategic relationships. We believe that as large clients continue to rationalize capacity, they will select Charles River to provide outsourced services, relying on us for the expertise they are no longer maintaining in-house. Furthermore, they will look to purchase products from their outsourcing partners in order to achieve their goal of reducing the number of suppliers and maximize favorable pricing. We are focused on goal of winning a majority of share of these opportunities. And based on our discussions with clients, we believe the outlook for these relationships remain good. The same attribute that convinced large biopharmaceutical companies to partner with Charles River also resonate with mid-tier biotech companies. As global pharma increasingly partners with these companies, it is imperative that the biotech companies an expert CRO, which can provide the critical services they need to ensure their partners can meet pharma's standard. Many of them have chosen Charles River as their principal early development partner, which was reflected in an 11% increase in PCS sales for these companies in the fourth quarter. In 2013, for the first time, total sales to our mid-tier biotech clients were greater than those to global key accounts. This is the result of biotech's improved access to funding from both large pharma and the capital markets and our targeted sales effort to win businesses for these companies. Sales to academic and government clients declined slightly in the quarter, but higher sales to academic clients offset primarily by soft sales to the US government clients. For the year, the impact with sequestration in the US remained approximately $3 million. And although the government shutdown did not have a significant effect on fourth quarter sales, we believe that some of our academic clients took a more conservative approach to purchases. We also believe that the recent announcement of $1 billion increase in NIH funding will have a positive effect on 2014's spending. It may take some time for the funding to play out, but ultimately this should enable our clients to resume or expand research that was restrained during sequestration. As successful as our sales strategies have been, we believe we can improve our effectiveness by coordinating the dialog between large pharma, biotech, academia, non-governmental organizations and venture capitalists. As these groups increasingly rely on one another, it's essential that we continue to develop deeper strategic relationships with each of these constituencies and assist them in working together. We've already begun to make progress towards this goal as our VC partners are now helping us to enhance our relationships with pharma as well as with their portfolio of companies, many of which are virtual and require a CRO partner for almost everything they do. We will continue to work towards establishing ourselves as the hub with relationships between all of these groups. With our sales strategies firmly in place, we view 2014 as a year of continuing improvement. We expect sales growth at Charles River to be in the range of 3% to 5% and expect both business segments to deliver growth rates within the consolidated range. We expect that almost all businesses will contribute to sales growth, although closure of pharmaceutical facilities will continue to impact our research model production business. We expect both RMS and PCS operating margins to improve as a result of operating leverage from higher sales and the improve capacity utilization as well as from ongoing effort now firmly embedded in our culture to improve efficiency. As I'm sure many of you know, we made organizational changes at the beginning of December and assigned Dr. Jorg Geller, one of our most seasoned operating executives, to head our efficiency effort. Jorg and his dedicated team are in the process of identifying efficiencies, which we expect will generate some savings in 2014 and more significant amounts in 2015 and thereafter. We expect that the efficiency initiatives will push the RMS margin back above the 30% level in 2014 and continue to generate improvement in the PCS margin. Corporate costs will increase slightly to approximately 6.5% of sales, but we expect that the consolidated margin will increase by up to 50 basis points. Taken all these factors into account, we estimate 2014 non-GAAP earnings per share to be in a range of $3 to $3.10. Tom will give you more details about this guidance in a moment, including guidance on the cash flow. Many investors asked us if we think that the preclinical demand has turned. We believe demand is certainly picking up. There's more of our global biopharma clients making decision to outsource in lieu of maintaining in-house infrastructure. It's our goal to be ready to win work when it's outsourced. Toward that end, we have undertaken targeted initiatives that will focus on differentiating Charles River as a preferred partner for early-stage drug development, expanding our broad early-stage portfolios to internal development and selective strategic acquisitions, maintaining and enhancing our extensive scientific expertise, improving our operating efficiency so that we can cash the savings on to our clients, providing best-in-class client service, developing state-of-the-art data systems and portals which offer clients real-time access to data and structuring creative solutions that support each client's drug development goal. We believe these actions have been crucial to our success in persuading clients to work with Charles River and will continue to drive our future growth. But as our clients continue to evolve, we must evolve with them. We continuously assess our organization and identify actions we can take to enhance the value we provide to clients. Just within the past year, we have globalized and unified our RMS and PCS operations under Dr. Davide Molho, added the scientific bench strength, taken our efficiency initiative to the next level and continued to invest our capital in strategic acquisitions to expand our unique portfolio. We will continue to embrace change, because in doing so, we enhance our ability to support our clients, which is fundamental to our ability to drive sales, cash flow and earnings growth. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their support. And I would like Tom Ackerman to give you additional detail on our 2014 guidance.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. First, let me remind you that I will speak primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude acquisition-related amortization, charges related primarily to our global efficiency initiatives and certain other items. This morning, I will also focus my discussion on our 2014 financial guidance. For 2014, we expect sales growth of 3% to 5% on both the reported and constant currency basis and non-GAAP EPS of $3 to $3.10. We expect only a small benefit from foreign exchange at this time, despite the favorable FX movements in recent weeks. As Jim said, we expect sales growth of both RMS and PCS to be within the 3% to 5% consolidated guidance range in 2014. For RMS, a notable improvement in organic growth in 2013 is a result of a number of factors. These factors include anticipated increase in average realized pricing of 2% to 3% compared to 1% to 2% in 2013, more stable demand from large pharmaceutical and government clients and low double-digit sales growth for the EMD business. In addition, we have anniversaried the termination of two long-term contracts for certain services in Europe. As we previously noted, these contracts concluded at the end of 2012 and represented approximately $5.5 million in annual revenues. Favorable PCS sales growth trends are expected to continue in 2014. We will anniversary several large strategic relationship wins and the corresponding sales ramp under these agreements would expect to continue to execute on our goal of expanding the range of products and services we sell to these clients beyond the initial scope of the RFP and entering into strategic relationships with new clients. We also expect growth from our mid-tier clients as we continue to benefit from a combination of market share gains and an improved funding environment for biotechnology companies. We have also forecasted an approximate 1% increase in PCS spot pricing for 2014, which is similar to the 2013 increase. We intend to generated consolidated operating margin expansion in 2014. This did not occur in 2013 due primarily to the impact of biopharmaceutical facility consolidations on our research model business, which is very sensitive to client changes. In 2014, we expect that the consolidated operating margin will improve by up to 50 basis points from 17.3% in 2013 with improvements in both segments. Annual cost increases, including wages, are expected to increase 2% to 3% in 2014, but will be more than offset by the fixed cost leverage from higher sales, price increases primarily in RMS, and our continued focus on operating efficiency. We remain committed to driving efficiency throughout our global organization. We have identified $25 million to $30 million of incremental sales in 2014, which are already included in our guidance. These savings are derived from a combination of projects that were implemented within the last year and new projects that were identified through our ongoing global efficiency initiatives. We continue to evaluate additional initiatives, which when finalized we expect would generate greater savings in 2015 and beyond. In the RMS segment, the primary drivers of the margin expansion are expected to be the 2% to 3% average price increase and our global efficiency initiatives. As Jim mentioned, we plan to close our research model production facility in Michigan by the end of the year, which will generate savings beginning in 2015. Once this is completed, we will have consolidated approximately 8% of our global research model production capacity, including the three rooms in California last year. And payments, severance and related charges associated with the Michigan closure are expected to total approximately $4 million to $5 million in 2014 or $0.05 to $0.07 per share, which will be excluded from non-GAAP results. We have only included charges related to the specific action in our 2014 GAAP EPS guidance. In 2014, we also expect to generate operating margin improvement in the PCS segment due primarily to increased study volume, favorable study mix, and the benefits of our global efficiency initiatives similar to the trends in the third and fourth quarters of 2013. Because it was affected for the last three quarters of 2013, when you take tax law change, we'll only have a small 20 basis point incremental benefit to the PCS operating margin in 2014. The 2014 PCS operating margin guidance implies that the margin on incremental sales will be higher than these segment average as it was in the second half of 2013. This incremental margin assumption depends on a more optimal sales mix, fixed cost leverage from increased study volume and stable pricing, but will vary based on the strength of these factors. It can also be affected by the addition of capacity and staff in order to accommodate higher demand. In aligning with our prior outlook, unallocated corporate cost totaled $72.1 million in 2013 or 6.2% of sales. We expect unallocated corporate cost to be approximately 6.5% of sales in 2014, a slight increase from the 2013 level due primarily to modest investments in IT as well as performance-based compensation expense. We expect higher sales and the operating margin expansion of up to 50 basis points due to primary driver of the 2014 EPS increase. In total, below-the-line items are expected to have a minimal effect in 2014 as the higher tax rate and less favorable other income, which we do not forecast, are expected to be partially offset by our slightly lower share comps. I will now discuss these items in more detail. Net interest expense is expected to be relatively flat in 2014 in a range of $12 million to $14 million compared to $13 million in 2013. This represents slight increase in the second half run rate after we refinanced our convertible debt last June, in part due to our assumption that LIBOR rates will be slightly higher in 2014. Other income totaled $7.2 million or $0.l1 per share in 2013 due primarily to gains in our investment in a large life science venture capital fund. Several of the portfolio companies cleared their IPOs and their market performance resulted in investment gains. Since the impact of these investments is largely based on market performance, we do not forecast this item. As a result, other income has been forecasted [ph] zero or an $0.11 headwind to our 2014 EPS guidance. Excluding this $0.11 from our 2013 results, our 2014 EPS guidance will represent a growth of 6% to 10%. The 2014 non-GAAP tax rate is expected to increase approximately 200 basis points to 300 basis points to a range of 28.5% to 29.5%. This is an increase from 26.6% in 2013, which was lower than our prior outlook in October due to several discrete non-recurring items. The 2014 tax rate increase will primarily be a result of tax law changes in Canada and the UK, which reduce the benefit of R&D tax credits. These tax law changes will contribute approximately 120 basis points to 2014 increase. The UK tax law change that we discussed in detail last quarter represents only 30 basis points to the increase, because the law was effective three quarters in 2013. The remainder of the 2014 tax rate increase is primarily related reduced benefits from our European debt structure. The higher tax rate and unfavorable other income are expected to be partially offset by a slightly lower share comp in 2014. Our guidance assumes an average share comps of approximately 47 million to 47.5 million shares in 2014, reflecting both the full year benefit of repurchases in the second half of the 2013, as well as continued stock repurchase activity in 2014. In 2014, we expect our repurchase activity to primarily offset dilution from option exercises and equity grants. For the full year 2013, we repurchased 3.5 million shares for a total of $165.7 million, including 2.9 million shares in the second half of the year. At year-end, we had 139.1 million remaining on our term stock repurchase authorization for $1 billion. In addition to stock repurchases, our capital priorities for 2014 include debt repayment and potential strategic acquisitions. Given our favorable capital structure with a leverage ratio of approximately 2.5 times and an expectation of continuously low interest rates in the near term, we plan to repay debt in line with or slightly ahead of the schedule installments in the term loan. We also continue to rigorously evaluate acquisition candidates and intend to pursue additional M&A opportunities in 2014. Timing of acquisitions is always difficult to predict, but it's our strategy to continue to supplement our organic growth of disciplined strategy acquisitions that are accretive to earnings. I'll now provide an update on our cash flow. For 2013, we generated free cash flow of $169.9 million or $3.50 per share compared to $160.5 million or $3.82 per share in 2012. Capital expenditures in 2013 were lower than previously expected at $39.2 million due to the timing of expenditures in the fourth quarter and lower capital requirements on some smaller projects. However, the benefit of lower CapEx to free cash flow was offset by an increase in DSOs at year-end of 56 days from 54 days at the end of the third quarter and 51 days last year. We previously expected a slight decline in DSO from the third quarter level, but do no anticipate any credit risk related to the two day increase. 2014, we expect free cash flow to be between $175 million and $185 million or approximately $3.75 to $3.95 per share. We will continue to focus on receivables and working capital management to improve our DSOs in 2014, but have not forecast a meaningful improvement in this metric. CapEx is expected to be between $50 million and $60 million in 2014, which is slightly higher than in recent years due in part to the carryover projects from 2013. Both projects are expected to represent approximately 40% of CapEx, including further investment in our EMD business and our growing RMS operations in China. The remaining 60% will be spent on maintenance of our global infrastructure. In the first quarter of 2014, we expect a meaningful sequential increase in consolidated sales. The increase primarily reflects higher sales in the RMS segment compared to the seasonally slower fourth quarter, and order activity for small models is lighter during holiday periods. As a result of higher sales, the RMS operating margin is expected to rebound above the 30% level in the first quarter. PCS sales and operating margin are expected to be modestly lower in the first quarter on a sequential basis, which is consistent with seasonal trends as there're typically fewer study starts during the holidays. However, on a year-over-year basis, we expect PCS sales and operating margin to be above the first quarter of 2013. The benefit of higher sales in the first quarter will be primarily offset by a higher tax rate, which is expected to be an approximate $0.06 headwind compared to the fourth quarter tax rate for the 22.8%. This is expected to result in first quarter EPS to be similar to the fourth quarter level of $0.73, which would represent a year-over-year increase of approximately 6% from the first quarter of 2013. To conclude, we were pleased with our performance in 2013. We achieved financial results that exceeded our original guidance range for non-GAAP EPS and were within the targets for constant currency sales growth and free cash flow. In addition, we also continued to deliver value to our shareholders, resulting in a 50 basis improvement in our free cash flow return on invested capital to 13.1% or further improvement expected in 2014. We also made significant progress on many critical initiatives to strengthen client relationships and gain market share to enhance our focus on operating efficiency and to expand our leading early-stage portfolio. We believe these efforts position us well for 2014 and beyond.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. We'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go to the line of Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee: Just looking at 2013, Jim and Tom, finished the year around 5.9% constant dollar revenue growth in PCS, and you're talking about kind of 3% to 5% for both segment growth and 2014, but just kind of targeting on PCS for just two seconds, what's assumed there? Is it same-store sales growth from your existing strategic partnerships, and that's kind of the primary pillar for growth? Is there any assumption for further market share gain or acceleration in the trends that we've seen over the past six to nine months for the underlying ties for demand and for outsourced preclinical services? Maybe if you could dig a little bit deeper, that'd be great.
Jim Foster: First, I would remind you that thats the range. Second place, I would say that it assumes similar market metrics, which are space selling in the industry, but not full pricing, a little bit of spot pricing, but still pricing being tough. We said in the prepared remarks that we are intermittently seeing aggressive pricing from virtually all of our key competitors, so that may or may not continue. We're assuming strong sales from the clients with which we have large strategic deals. We're assuming robust sales in the mid-tiers. Of course, in the mid-tiers, there's is a little bit of churn in that sector given that those companies get bought, sold, merged, or go bankrupt, so we're doing very well. You heard the 11% growth and we actually have more revenue than large pharma, but it's a little bit difficult to call. So what we haven't built into that is the significant new strategic deal or multiple new strategic deals. We're certainly pursuing those. We certainly have conversations in place. It appears that we have clients that are interested and ready, but we don't control the extent of their readiness, and the other big driver of course is infrastructure reductions which while they are a little bit tough on the core animal business, tend to be very beneficial to the service businesses, and it is virtually impossible to predict any of that, so I would say that we give you that range with knowledge that we'll be able to perform well within that range with the opportunities of larger deals, I suppose to improve that, but it's impossible to call, so we just think it's irresponsible to do so.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee: You guys alluded to mix being a little bit better in PCS in fourth quarter. We have heard, though, from a couple of players that there was an elevated level of non-GOP studies in the fourth quarter, so higher animal costs. So I guess as you think about the mix, Jim, just given the current capacity utilization, is the mix where you'd like it to be or was maybe there a little bit of an unfavorable -- maybe less than optimal mix than you'd have liked to have seen in the fourth quarter, or no?
Jim Foster: Well, the study start issue was always a complex one, particularly with our large animals, so there can be a significantly higher cost as a result of that. So I think we had some of that in the fourth quarter. Having said that, the mix is slightly better in terms of long and short-term studies, theres a better balance. There tends to be a mix in terms of our whole portfolio of general versus specialty stocks as well. Obviously, nuancing and emphasizing mix as it becomes more specialty, and as there is more primate work work that actually gets going as opposed to just get started, the opportunities are obviously there that drive higher top and bottomline growth. But we're happy with the general trend and the trajectory. We're happy with the way the space has been selling. We're definitely happy with the huge increase in mid-tier client sales, and generally our engagement with the drug companies as a whole. So mix is definitely something that we hope to get some benefit from. I will just remind you that predicting that, how it's going to fall, when it's going to fall, continues to be a little bit of a challenge.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Tsao with Barclays.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays: First, just curious on the Vital River acquisition, which has performed quite well, what's the typical mix of models that you are seeing in terms of demand from China? Is it largely on the outbred side or are you're seeing demand for the specialized models?
Jim Foster: Well, we are very pleased with the trajectory of growth in top and bottomline from that business. There is really opportunity to educate the marketplace, and I think performs well versus mostly governmental competitors. We have a relatively small portfolio of most of the big outbred strains and the big inbred strains and a little bit of immunocompromised strains. So I do think that over time, there's an opportunity to sell increasingly more complex models, and that allows us to be beneficial for the margin. But even more than that, there's just an overall opportunity to sell significantly higher volumes to other parts of China, so while we have a big Shanghai sales contingent, this is a Beijing center facility, and so we tend to sell to that marketplace first in Shanghai, second Tokyo as we continue to build out capacity and geographically expand the reach. There's opportunities to sell both, kind of the bread-and-butter core models in time, add the more sophisticated. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays: In terms of the PCS market, do you have a sense of the lag time for study starts now for clients? I mean are they having to wait meaningful period, and is that sort of the inflection point for any kind of opportunity to become a little bit more aggressive on price?
Jim Foster: We're seeing relatively swift study starts, I would say. A month or more as opposed to months or more, so while space is selling to the industry and it's not start of the study next week, like we have seen for last few years, there's still enough space where clients were not necessarily all that discerning about quality and science and just want to move quickly, we'll move quickly. So I would say we haven't reached an inflection point yet, Doug. There's a coordinated opportunity between waiting longer.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Bair.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Bair: Talking about research models, I knew you're seeing good growth in China and obviously very focused on market share gains, but also going through a lot of efficiency programs to pare back infrastructure and maintain that strong 30% margin. I guess the question is there appears to be possibly a structural or even a secular shift in demand for the legacy core models, the rodent models. At the same time, we're seeing more evidence of the pickup in areas like fish, for example, and even some comments that rabbit demand has picked up recently, other animals strains. So the question is do you consider shifting your mix of model sales, do you look for targets perhaps in some of these other categories that appear to have more momentum in the future? Or do you think you'll stick with your core book presence just focusing on doing what you do better in the future? And I guess there's kind of maybe an acquisition or a strategy question there as well?
Jim Foster: So the change in demand is nothing new. It's been happening for a long time. It started with a more responsible use of laboratory animals and an effort to drive the three Rs. And I think that has continued to happen significantly and consistently, but more subtly. The lack of settlement has appeared in the last three years, as we have seen big R&D facilities be closed. And last year was really dramatic. We saw multiple facilities reduced or shut down in Japan, also one in the States and so the beginning of the some infrastructure reductions in Europe as well. So I would say that a drug company is going from, let's say, six or seven or eight R&D centers to one or two or three has had the largest impact on all of this. Some of the models that you talk about are very interesting. I don't think they're going to be big revenue contributors. We look seriously at fish business for years. We went over that on several side of our business. It's an interesting model, but it's going to be a low contributor to revenue and profitability. And of course, we are already in the rabbit business. So I don't see more likely continued increase in complex animal models, more immunocomprised models, more multi-genetic, more humanized animal models and some stabilization of the core model, because obviously a lot of discovery and basically all of safety assessments are still predicated on the use of animals. And I think they are markets of prominent scale profitability and there's enhanced initiative to drive efficiency should hold us in good stead. So the biggest wildcard to that business, particularly 2014 or '15, is what will be the additional significant infrastructure reductions. And the answer to that is we don't know. We're assuming something in our plan. There's also some noise around the edges as to who is going to do mergers. And the reality of this is there's no way to predict it except that the industry has to get more refined and has to do more outsourcing. And of course, that will impact their pipelines as well. And we do continue to think as I think the fourth quarter really showed 1% on asset and over 8% in preclinical sort of the best preclinical numbers that there's a corresponding relationship between the shutdown of these big sites, a reduction in research model business and an increase in service revenues. And of course, I don't know the numbers, 70% of our revenues is service related. And so at the margin or greater than the margin, that should benefit us.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [ph] Chris in for Doug today. On PCS margin, I guess you (inaudible) various one-time items. Is it sure to say PCS margin performance is good in 2013. Can you just give an update on where do you think PCS margins can go over the next few years and how many more levers can you pull on your side in terms of implementing various operating efficiency? And do you think we can get more leverage to get internal controls versus improve the pricing or volume from customers?
Tom Ackerman: As you mentioned, we have improved the margin in 2013 up just over 14%. Some of that was contributed with the tax change in the UK that we talked about. But even excluding that, we improved the margin going into 2013. And in remarks, in regard to 2014, we indicated that we thought the margin would also improve slightly in 2014. So it seems like we've been really grinding and not making much progress in margin, the reality is margins up come kind of nicely over the last couple of years from a range of 11% to 12%. And that's an environment where we haven't seen really much or any price increase. So we're going to keep working the efficiency initiative side of the table. We have a number of ideas that we're looking at in 2014 to help provide lift. The market seems to be in a little bit better spot. And I think if we can continue to drive topline growth and volume and have better demand from our clients overall, I think we'll start getting a little bit more priced in with and talking about over the last couple of years, '13 and '14 where we're really talking about 1% spot pricing. So I think we'll continue to look at efficiencies. And as the market improves, I think we'll do a little bit better on pricing, capacity utilization. And I think those things will be what would allow us to continue to improve the margin beyond mid-teens and up into the high-teens over the next couple or three years.
Jim Foster: And the other thing I would emphasize there is there are some opportunities within that. We think the capacity is a big issue for us and for the industry. Capacity utilization appears to be better. It's higher for the whole sector. Latest estimates are around 70%, were higher. That's good for us. It's good for everyone. And we do need a rebalance between our available capacity and the planning metrics of our clients. So we have to get the extra time for the last minute stuff. That ought to get a little bit more price. Obviously none of us are going to run out and build new space or hold a lot of new space anytime soon. So we're all very focused on filling that space, but also using it well for the highest margin business that we can generate. So I'd say that all the factors are lining up well. We're very pleased with the margin profit in the fourth quarter. But to have it get us to the high-teens, which is certainly a goal of ours, we're going to have to see some price.
Operator: We'll go to line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities: I want to talk a little bit about the corporate overhead. Over the past seven years or so that's gone up from the levels of 3.5%, now it's going to be 6.5%. Is that increase permanent? Is it going to go higher? Are there opportunities to bring it back down in the future? Maybe just some long-term commentary there would help a little bit.
Tom Ackerman: I think the seven year historical reference and that increase has a lot to do with how we've aligned some things in IT, for example, where it expanded globally, but have done that through the corporate group and therefore are sort of varying a little bit and moving that to corporate number. It's an area where we looked at keeping cost in line with our sales growth and some relation to our sales, which I think over the last couple of years have been a little bit more on the 6% range. IT continues to be an area that we need to invest in for competitive reasons as well as for our back-office systems and what not. So I think we need to put a little bit of pressure on the number. Our global efficiency initiatives that we talked about today, corporate overhead is a focus of that, as are all of our business segments, so that's an area where we'll look to try to get more efficient, more open services that we buy and how we manage ourselves globally in SG&A. The idea going forward would be to try to at least have that number remain constant, but ideally generate some leverage from it. That'll continue to be a focus of ours.
Operator: And we'll go to John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair: Just going back to Eric's question a bit, you talked about some of the longer-term downward demand trends within the models business. But I thought I heard when you talked about guidance for '14 that you assume there's only some stabilization. So can you just clarify that a little bit? Are you expecting demand to kind of bottom-out in '14, and what drives that confidence and give a view of what that underlying unit growth goes longer term?
Jim Foster: So we'd say that all things being equal, in 2014, we should have more stable demand. We should get more pricing. We should get maybe 2% to 3% net price than 1% to 2% that we had in '13. And that would be just the core research model. And of course, if you look at the whole sector, you got EMD on top of that and discovery, et cetera. We'd say that all things being equal, there's likely to be some stability, but the wildcard just continues to be what is the extent of infrastructure reduction. And we had an awful lot in '13 and we have to expect something in '14. So that has just an undue impact on driving units down. The good news is we have the primary share in the big pharmaceutical companies. The bad news is whey shut facilities, that has an undue adverse impact upon us. So it just feels kind of irresponsible to just assume that there'll be none of that. Obviously if it was more subtle or less pronounced or they took a year off, whatever, we could have better numbers. But for now, we're assuming sort of overall stability it'll better price and some inevitability of additional infrastructure reduction.
John Kreger - William Blair: So longer term, do you view that as sort of a flattish business or do you think it can have underlying growth?
Jim Foster: If and when the infrastructure reductions start, we think that's a business where we can continue to get price, we can continue to build share for sure in the academic marketplace, but we're doing a lot better I'd say in the last three or four years, given the lack of substantial premium of our price versus the competition. We've actually been picking up a little bit of share in big pharma in places and a few clients where we don't have that much share and new biotech companies as well. But having said that, just thinking about that globally for a moment, it's probably the core, the business is going to be low single-digit grower. I do think that we're going to spend in significant efficiency initiatives that we have in place, while the company will focus more directly on RMS. So we do think that it's not going to actually expand operating margin in what is already an extremely high operating margin business.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Dodge with Jefferies.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: Hi, it's Dave Windley. I wanted to try to get into your growth assumptions here on topline. So if I understood correctly, you're saying that your kind of mid-tier client base is driving greater amount of revenue now than your strategic clients would, so greater than 25%, I presume. And you've talked about that number being in the fourth quarter like 11%. So I guess if I extend that out and assume that growth rate continues, that mid-tier client base alone gets to the low-end of your revenue growth assumptions. What about that framework is incorrect? Follow me? I'm saying greater than 25%, maybe 30% of your business growing at 11% gets me to 3%, gets me to the bottom end. So seems like a 3% to 5% is pretty conservative.
Jim Foster: We're not going to acknowledge conservative or not. We're going to acknowledge that we have a range that we have certain uncertainty from clients, could be better than we think, sure, as well as could not. We had an uptick in the fourth quarter in the big global accounts, of which we have 25% all over, about 5% in mid-tier, about 11% talking about preclinical now. Those are obviously very good metrics. We have big strategic relationships and several that we are in discussions with now. Again, we don't control the decision-making timeframe. But we like the way those are moving. Look, there's just so much inherent uncertainty related to continued availability of space and so there is periodic very low price metrics that we see sort of from everyone all of a sudden. It's directly related to how our competitors' desire and needs to fill the space. So if the incrementals are conservative, fine. We're not going to use that, because we've been doing this for too long and the predictability is too difficult. Look, all we can say is demand is definitely better, it's more consistent, it could be very well accelerated by the multiples or clients at the same time saying, yeah, we're ready to outsource. So the conversations are great, but we've learned from several of them in the past that sometimes it's a matter of months and sometimes it takes a year or two. So it's not in our best interest to predict that. Having said that, we're obviously very pleased with the fourth quarter, both margin and topline and there's a lot more work out there. And we don't mean to be difficult or evasive. We just want to give as much clarity as we can to how the world and the business occurs to us, the demand occurs to us. I would say that bidding on large pieces of work is still highly competitive and a challenging environment.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: When I think about your commentary on the mid-tier, I'm thinking about companies that are maybe increasing their activity more because their pipelines have grown or their funding situation has improved, a lot of the recent IPO window, and that that demand would be a reflection of kind of organic demand or activity increase as opposed to just a shift in venue, say, insourced versus outsourced. And if I'm right on that, should that also have a knock on benefit for models demand?
Jim Foster: I think that's right. The difference is this that as we talked about big pharma clients, it's clear that an increasing number of them always choose to work on coming from outside of their companies, principally from biotech. So a lot of our increase in biotech, a lot of money coming in from capital markets. And so maybe a compound that they couldn't afford to develop. But a lot of it's coming in from big pharma, as it always is. And so I do think to some extent, there's a shift in works that have historically been done in big pharma on the discovery side. And now since the biotech colleagues or partners are doing the discovery for them, we're seeing a big uptick there. And so the animals that would been utilized in big pharma and now being utilized by biotech. I think it's unlikely that there's a net add-on effect, although it's possible that you could have both with certain clients. But depending on who you talk to between 40% to 70% of these drugs that they're working on are licensed in, maybe the average is 50%, that's a lot. And I think it's growing substantially. And so we would expect biotech to be effortless, but there is a real distraction of for that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Bailin with Credit Suisse.
Jeff Bailin - Credit Suisse: The benefit of another year in the rear-view mirror, thoughts on some of the key strategic partnerships that Charles River disclosed, do you offer any high-level commentary on how these performed relative to expectations maybe in terms of volume and profitability and then looking forward to how meaningful the potential upsell opportunity is?
Jim Foster: As we said many, many times, they take a multiplicity of sizes and shapes and forms on the long-term contracts and some of short-term. We get a quintile weekly of margin by clients and there's a fair amount of variability, although most are moving in the right direction. I would say that by and large, we are pleased with all these relationships without strategic feels regardless of the contractual nature. We're pleased with sense of true partnership, their respect for our science, them sooner than later treating us like they were themselves and not as a third party. As the volume increases and productivity improves, in many of them, the margins have improved significantly. I can take one or two where we've been disappointed with the revenue contribution vis--vis what we were told, not to say contracted for, but vis--vis what we were told. I do think we know how to do these deals and we do really listen closely to the clients and we try to design a structural relationship that works for them. And as we did say, I believe, in the prepared remarks, may have bee lost in there, one of the strongest aspects of these deals is regardless of how the conversation initially starts, we tend to almost always inevitably get additional business contemplated by the first conversation, which increases the size and scope and often in profitability of those relationships. So a little bit higher than 25% of total sales. It's not an insignificant number in terms of predictability of top and bottomline. We're going to continue to drive as many of those as clients are interested in talking to us about. But it appears that an increasing number are seeing their way to wanting to work on that basis and they definitely want to reduce the number of research partners that they have.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: I just wanted to touch again on the labor piece of PCS just in terms of where staffing is. And should we see sort of the inflection point, what needs to occur in order to make sure you can sort of efficiently meet any incremental change in demand that could happen, as this biotech environment continues to be robust?
Jim Foster: That's constant issue for us. We feel that our facilities are in good shape in terms of having excess space and we actually could bring on more as necessary with some advanced planning, which of course we're doing. I'd say the senior scientific staff is quite deep as our study directors are quite strong across all sites and our pathologists are as well. So as we continue to take on additional work, we will have to add direct labor, which we do all the time. We did it in 2013. We'll certainly do it again this year. We're thrilled to be hiring people back. Some of our marketplaces are easy to recruit in than others. All of our jobs, no matter how basics require fair amount of training, so we have to hire people slightly in advance of when we need them, but not a year in advance of when we need them. So we think we're all over that. We're a good place to work. And our business model certainly on the preclinical side is more stable than has been historically. So we feel that we'll be able to manage our headcount in a way that we're able to do great work for our clients and stay slightly ahead of the demand.
Ross Muken - ISI Group: And you had such an experience with a few recent acquisitions. As you look at that environment, obviously you're going to be still generating a fair amount of cash flow, how would you characterize kind of the tuck-in M&A activity out there and tertiary spaces that you guys may look to, to kind of supplement what you already have?
Jim Foster: The deal flow is particularly good at the moment. It's a combination of we're doing a better job at it and more assets are available particularly from venture funds that have owned them and invested in for a while, even pretty clear. So let me reemphasize the fact that we're looking primarily upstream. We want to engage with our clients as early on in the process as possible and help them with multiple steps, some of which are earlier than what we do now. We are looking at several companies with several technologies and service businesses that would incorporate that description. We're also looking at expansion of our current therapeutic areas as well as expanding into additional therapeutic areas. And I would say, thirdly, we're looking at some geographic expansion. I would list them and prioritize in the way that I just described them. And as we continue to say on our calls, we can't promise that we can deliver any of these deals, because they're not done till they're done. But we have both the end straps, the finances and the strategic need and opportunity to broaden our portfolio or engage with our clients. So it's an important focus of us at the moment.
Operator: We'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is (inaudible) for Tycho this morning. Just had one quick one on PCS margin. Can you share any color on how you see them trending sequentially in 2014? I mean should we expect more of a back-end-loaded or is that just quarter-to-quarter variation that's hard to predict?
Tom Ackerman: My comments is that as is typical in the first quarter, we expected to see it seasonally down a little bit. But beyond that, I think it should be somewhat steady. I don't think it'll be dramatically back-end-loaded or whatever. So I take a little bit slower start in the beginning. And then it'll be steady for the remainder of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And can you comment quickly on your outlook for the genetically-engineered models business within RMS for 2014 and what you're seeing there?
Jim Foster: We're optimistic about our GEMS business. It had a very good fourth quarter. The demand for these models continues to increase more, are being made by our clients and academic institutions. They continue to be an important translational vehicle for drug discovery. So we would expect to see a increase again in 2014.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steven Valiquette with UBS.
Steven Valiquette - UBS: I just wanted to quickly question on seasonality pattern in the PCS side of the business. In this call, you definitely sound optimistic around PCS overall for overall 2014. But again, you just mentioned for 1Q that you're guiding for PCS sales and margins to be down sequentially. And while it is consistent with your historical patterns, probably I think it gets you worried about. And it does seem that one of your peers does have a more optimistic sequential outlook for their comparable business. So just trying to triangulate all those data points. I guess the main question might be is your guidance for PCS in 1Q, based on what you're seeing in the first half of the quarter to mid-February or is it based more on previously established budgets and historical patterns?
Jim Foster: We're going to say what we're seeing so far in the quarter, because it's often misleading. And January has become an increasingly funky and complex month with clients not getting back to work and taking a lot of time to figure out what drugs they're going to work on what drugs they're going to outsource. It's possible that different commentaries from us and other people in the fields, both public and private, just has to do with our specific client footprint. So that wouldn't necessarily jive. I would say that on a positive, if you roll out everybody's comments, the demand is generally better across both big pharma and biotech. Pricing is challenging, but basically stable. Margins have been improving. And we're optimistic about that business for next year. Some of our commentary does have to do with the history, which is that Q1 is usually a little bit slower. Q2 and Q3 and stronger in the preclinical business. Q4 usually is slower because of the holidays, but not always. So some of those historical seasonal factors are pretty much uncertain.
Operator: The final question will come from Sung Ji Nam with Cantor.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor: I just have a quick one. Was wondering if you might be able to comment on what percent of your research model production revenues came from pharma in 2013?
Jim Foster: We don't really spend time anymore parsing it that ways, sorry. It's a very large percentage, possibly a slight majority, I would sort of guess. But we have pharma starts, biotech starts and it's sort of blurred for us, I would say, in the last five years, because they work so closely together. If you think it's important, it's important. We're just saying it's a distinction we spend less time on. So if you take those as a whole, if you take pharma and biotech, are not for process footprint is 24%, 25% of sales and the rest is industrial. The other is low medical device and ag, farm. A vast majority of that is pharma and biotech with biotech going up faster.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our third quarter results and review guidance for 2013. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844. The access code in either case is 304430. The replay will be available through November 13. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2013, as well as other filings we made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our third quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of $292 million in the third quarter 2013, an increase of 4.8% over the previous year. Excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, sales increased by 5.6%, with both the RMS and PCS segments reporting mid-single-digit growth for the first time since 2008. PCS segment reported another strong quarter, with 6.3% constant currency sales growth. On a sequential basis, PCS sales increased 4.2%, representing the second consecutive quarter in which sequential growth exceeded 4%. We are encouraged by the sales progression over the first 3 quarters of the year, which certainly reflects our market share gain, as well as improved demand for both large biopharmaceutical and mid-tier clients. As was the case in the first half of 2013, the acquisitions of Vital River and Accugenix and a strong performance from the legacy EMD business drove RMS sales growth, which increased 5.1% on constant currency. Year-over-year, the consolidated operating margin improved by 150 basis points to 18.5%, while earnings per diluted share increased 21.5% to $0.79 in the third quarter. Several tax-related items and a limited partnership investment gain were the largest contributors to the year-over-year improvement in the margin and EPS. These items contributed approximately 150 basis points to the consolidated margin and $0.07 to earnings per share in the third quarter. Tom will provide additional information on these items shortly. Excluding these items, the consolidated margin was similar year-over-year. Higher sales yielded 150 basis point improvement in the PCS margin, which was effectively offset by the 30 basis point RMS margin decline and higher corporate costs. Earnings per share were $0.79, including the $0.07 of special items. Excluding the items, higher PCS operating income was the primary driver of earnings increase. We continued to return value to shareholders in the third quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 1.4 million shares for $65.5 million. We are narrowing our sales growth guidance for 2013 to the low end of our prior ranges or between 4% and 4.5% in constant currency. This is consistent with our year-to-date growth of 4.3%. The continued success of our targeted sales efforts has reinvigorated growth in the PCS segment this year, which we will -- which we expect will result in PCS growth above the consolidated range. Because of the impact of global biopharmaceutical companies' facility rationalization on demand for research models, RMS segment sales growth is expected to fall below the consolidated range for the year. However, the strong PCS performance, as well as our continued focus on operating efficiency and stock repurchases, is enabling us to narrow our non-GAAP EPS range to the high end of our previous range or $2.85 to $2.90. I'd like to provide you with details on the third quarter segment performance. RMS segment sales were $173.5 million, a 5.1% gain in constant currency. The increase was due primarily to the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River, which continued to exceed our original expectations. In addition to the acquisition, a strong performance from our legacy EMD business also contributed meaningfully to RMS sales growth in the third quarter. Sequentially, sales declined nearly 4% as expected due to normal seasonality in the small models business during the second half of the year. The RMS operating margin was 29%, a decline of 30 basis points from the third quarter of 2012 due primarily to lower legacy sales of research models. Pricing gains of 1% to 2%, strengthening demand from mid-tier clients and market share gains, particularly in the academic sector, did not offset reduced sales of research models to global biopharmaceutical clients. Although lower volume can have a significant effect on the operating margin, we intend to maintain the RMS operating margin at or above 30% on an annualized basis. Therefore, we are continuing to work diligently to enhance the operating efficiency of our production business. The consolidation of 3 production rooms at our facility in California, which we discussed on our second quarter call, is one example of initiatives we are undertaking to improve the RMS operating margin. The EMD business again delivered an outstanding performance, with year-over-year sales growth of approximately 25%, including the acquisition of Accugenix. The PTS franchise exhibited strength across all geographic locales, as we increased sales of instruments and cartridges and continued to take additional share in the conventional testing market. We are driving growth through a number of approaches, with the most significant opportunity being in the large central laboratories. We are in the early stages of converting large pharmaceutical manufacturers' central laboratories to the PTS cartridge technology, so expect that we will be able to drive growth in this market for the foreseeable future. Accugenix marked its 1-year anniversary as part of the Charles River portfolio at the end of August, and we are very pleased with the status of its integration. One of the reasons that Accugenix is performing ahead of plan has to do with the fact that we are successfully leveraging cross-selling opportunities. Aside from promotion of the PTS family of products to Accugenix's existing clients and the Accugenix microbial identification capabilities to Charles River, we are selling a combined package to all clients. We've also expanded Accugenix's global reach with new facilities in France, Korea and India, either opened or scheduled to open this year. We intend to continue investing in both product extension and acquisitions like Accugenix in order to drive EMD growth. Sales of research model services declined approximately 2% in the third quarter due primarily to the expiration of 2 long-term contracts for certain services in Europe at the end of 2012. As we previously noted, these contracts represented approximately $5.5 million in annual revenue. However, a portion of this amount has been offset as some of our clients have increased their reliance on outsourcing of early in vivo research. DRS sales have improved in each quarter in 2013, as clients increasingly chose to utilize our expertise in oncology and CNS in lieu of maintaining internal capabilities. We have continued to win new business with both large biopharmaceutical and mid-tier clients and are working to build the flexible relationship which we believe is best suited to each client's individual needs. Because we believe that the majority of in vivo discovery work is still done in-house and the outsourcing opportunity is significant, we are enhancing our capabilities and strengthening our management bench. I am very pleased to announce that Dr. Emily Hickey recently joined Charles River from Merck Research Labs to lead our in vivo discovery operations. We believe that under Emily's leadership, we will enhance Charles River's position as a leading provider of in vivo Discovery Research Services and encourage clients to rely on us instead of their in-house discovery capabilities. Although third quarter sales for GEMS outside the U.S. were down slightly, the U.S. business had a strong third quarter. U.S. researchers are continuing to develop more complex models of human disease for use in translational research, and given the challenges of working with these specialized models, are outsourcing services to us in order to access expertise they do not have in-house. In addition to our scientific expertise, clients are choosing to work with us because of other competitive differentiators such as the Internet Colony Management system, or ICM, which allows clients to have real-time access to data about their colonies. Strengthening demand for outsourced services was also evident in our third quarter PCS sales, which, at $118.7 million, reached their highest level since the first half of 2010. We were very pleased with growth of 6.3% year-over-year and 4.2% sequentially. Growth was driven by the continued benefit from market share gains, as well as increased study starts and overall study volume versus last year, which we believe is indicative of improving demand. Mix was also a factor in the improved sales and operating margin. There was notable increase in specialty services in the quarter. This favorable study mix and increased volume led to a significant improvement in the third quarter PCS margin. Third quarter margin also reflects the benefits of efforts we have undertaken to streamline operations and drive operating efficiency and best practices across the organization to enhance profitability. In combination, these factors increased the operating margin by 150 basis points year-over-year and 230 basis points sequentially. The tax-related items contributed 370 basis points to the margin gain. As a result of improved demand, our capacity is continuing to be well utilized. As industry utilization approaches more optimal levels, we are confident that pricing will eventually follow. This will enable us to continue to increase the operating margin. Third quarter spot pricing was relatively stable at approximately 1% in the third quarter, consistent with our experience throughout 2013. Furthermore, we have recently won RFPs for which we are not the lowest bidder. As global biopharmaceutical companies reduce their infrastructure in favor of reliance on CROs, they do not want to compromise on scientific expertise. While price is an important consideration, expertise and quality are most often considered more critical. When those criteria are critical, Charles River is the preferred choice. Our mid-tier clients increased their purchases across our broad portfolio of products and services. And PCS sales to global biopharmaceutical companies also increased in the third quarter. Our targeted sales efforts have been very successful, enabling us to gain market share. Revenues from strategic relationships continue to represent approximately 25% of total sales, which gives us improved visibility and predictability. In addition, we are also executing well on our goal to cross-sell services beyond the initial scope of the RFPs. As large clients increasingly view us as an essential element of their R&D teams and more fully understand our capabilities, working together, we are identifying additional opportunities for outsourcing. Now that the first group of strategic relationships we won is maturing and the logistics of working together are established, the opportunities with these clients are becoming more numerous. Discussions about these opportunities are ongoing, as are discussions with other biopharmaceutical companies about new strategic relationships. We believe that as large clients continue to rationalize capacity, they will select Charles River to provide outsourced services and rely on us for the expertise that they no longer are maintaining in-house. It's our goal to win a majority share of these opportunities. Sales to academic and government clients increased slightly in the quarter, with softness in global government sales more than offset by strong sales growth for academic clients. In the U.S., we don't believe that the impact of sequestration intensified, so we are maintaining our estimate that the impact in 2013 should be approximately $3 million. We have also evaluated the extent to which the government shutdown may impact fourth quarter sales and believe that the effect will not be significant. In the academic sector, we continue to gain market share as a result of targeted sales efforts. Many of the more prestigious academic institutions are being funded by global biopharmaceutical companies and recognizing the value of our expertise and the quality of our products are choosing to work with Charles River. For the last 5 years, we have focused on positioning Charles River to be the partner of choice for all of our clients: global biopharmaceutical companies, mid-tier biotechnology companies and academic and government institutions. Towards that end, we undertook multiple initiatives that were focused on differentiating Charles River as the preferred partner for early-stage drug development; expanding our broad early-stage portfolio through internal development and selective strategic acquisitions; maintaining and enhancing our extensive scientific expertise; improving our operating efficiencies so that we could pass the savings onto our clients; providing best-in-class client service; developing state-of-the-art data systems and portals, which offer clients real-time access to data; and structuring creative, flexible solutions that support each client's drug development goals. As a result, we believe we are extremely well positioned at this particular moment in time, when the search for novel therapeutics is accelerating across a broad spectrum of R&D engines. Global biopharmaceutical companies are making the critical decision to outsource larger tranches of their drug development efforts. Mid-tier biotechnology companies are using new funding from both the public markets and global biopharmaceutical companies to advance discovery efforts. And academic institutions are playing a more important role as a source of new molecules for global biopharmaceutical companies. Each of these discovery engines needs a CRO like Charles River. We have a unique and diverse early-stage portfolio and the scientific expertise to support their drug development efforts, and the ability to tailor a solution, which meets each client's individual needs. We believe that our market share gains are evidence that clients view us as a trusted partner. And we were very pleased to be ranked as the best-positioned CRO to provide both Discovery and Preclinical Services by 2 recent surveys undertaken by analysts. We will continue to execute our strategy and maintain our focus on driving sales, cash flow and earnings growth. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and to our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like Tom Ackerman to give you the third quarter financial details.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. I will begin by providing additional details on the tax-related items and limited partnership investment gains that contributed to the significant increase in third quarter PCS operating margin and EPS. These items were included in our non-GAAP results, but we believe that the magnitude and timing of these items warranted more specific disclosure. There were 4 tax-related items, 3 of which impacted the PCS operating margin, as well as an investment gain that benefited other income. In the aggregate, these items benefited the PCS operating margin by 370 basis points, the consolidated operating margin by 150 basis points and added $0.07 to EPS in the third quarter. Regarding the tax-related items, we adopted the U.K. tax law change in the third quarter related to the treatment of R&D tax credits. Under the new law, existing enhanced R&D tax deductions are replaced with a refundable tax credit that is recorded as a benefit to PCS segment operating income instead of income tax expense. In the third quarter, we recorded a $1.7 million or 140 basis point benefit to PCS operating income, which was largely offset by the corresponding 220 basis point increase to our tax rate. As a result, the impact to EPS was neutral. These third quarter amounts also include a true-up for the second quarter since the law was retroactive to April 1, 2013. Going forward, the U.K. tax law change is expected to benefit the PCS operating margin by approximately 70 basis points per quarter and increase our tax rate by approximately 120 basis points, but have no impact on EPS. The second item also occurred in the U.K. where we received a favorable property tax abatement related to our PCS Scotland site. This resulted in a benefit of $1.1 million to PCS operating income and 90 basis points to the PCS margin in the third quarter and added approximately $0.01 to EPS. The third tax-related item involved a multiyear settlement reached with the Canadian tax authority related to R&D tax credits associated with PCS Canada. As a result of this favorable settlement, we recognized a benefit of $1.6 million to PCS operating income and 140 basis points to the PCS margin, a reduction of approximately $700,000 in interest expense and a benefit of approximately $200,000 to income tax expense. In total, the Canadian tax settlement benefited third quarter EPS by $0.05. The final tax-related item was associated with an ongoing tax audit related to Canada, Canadian transfer pricing. In the third quarter, we decreased the tax asset by $2 million, which reduced EPS by $0.04. However, unlike the first 3 tax items that I discussed, this tax adjustment did not affect operating income. In addition to these tax items, we also recorded a gain of $3.5 million or $0.05 per share on a limited partnership investment. This gain which was reported in other income. Related to our investment in a large life science venture capital fund, several of the portfolio companies have completed their IPOs and the gain relates to their market performance in the third quarter. In addition to the favorable performance of the portfolio investments to date, we are also the preferred provider of Discovery and Preclinical Services to many of the portfolio companies. We have also entered into smaller relationships with other venture capital firms. These relationships enable us to access a group of more than 100 emerging biotech companies at an early stage and offer us the opportunity to provide them with our products and services to fulfill their drug discovery and early development needs. As Jim discussed, our strong third quarter performance was largely driven by higher sales and PCS margin expansion. I will now provide additional details on the nonoperating items that affected our results. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $1.8 million year-over-year to $17.7 million and were $0.6 million higher sequentially. The year-over-year and sequential increases were primarily driven by various expense categories, including unfavorable changes to health and fringe-related items and performance-based compensation expense. We now expect unallocated corporate costs to be slightly more than 6% of sales for the full year compared to our prior outlook of approximately 6%. Net interest expense was $2.2 million in the third quarter, a decline of $1.6 million from the second quarter. The significant decline reflects lower interest rates as a result of the amendment to our credit agreement and subsequent refinancing of our 2.25% convertible notes at the end of the second quarter, as well as the approximate $700,000 benefit in interest expense related to the Canadian tax settlement. We now expect 2013 net interest expense to be approximately $13 million to $13.5 million, which is below our prior outlook of $15 million to $17 million. Other income was favorable at $4.1 million in the third quarter compared to $1 million in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, $3.5 million of income was related to a gain on a limited partnership investment. The remainder of the income was primarily related to investment gains associated with our deferred compensation program. Since these items are principally driven by market-related returns, we do not forecast any amounts for the other income line item, thus creating a sequential headwind for the fourth quarter. The non-GAAP tax rate increased significantly on both year-over-year and sequential basis at 31.1% in the third quarter. Excluding the items I mentioned earlier, which added 450 basis points, the non-GAAP tax rate would have been essentially in line with our expectations. We now expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28% for 2013, including the third quarter items, which are expected to have a 180 basis point impact on a full year basis. This compares to our previous range of 25.5% to 26.5%. Free cash flow was robust in the third quarter, largely driven by our strong operating performance. In the third quarter, we generated $58.5 million of free cash flow, an increase of nearly $8 million from last year. As a result, we now expect free cash flow to be $170 million to $175 million in 2013, which is at the high end of our previous range. DSOs remain flat sequentially at 54 days and were 2 days higher than the third quarter of last year. However, we continue to expect an improvement in DSOs by year end. CapEx was $9.1 million in the third quarter and $25.3 million year-to-date. Despite the lower year-to-date run rate, we continue to expect CapEx of approximately $50 million in 2013 based on anticipated timing of capital projects. We continue to balance our capital priorities between stock repurchases and debt repayment, as well as targeted acquisitions. As we noted on our second quarter call, we plan to repurchase more shares than our previously expected range of 1 million to 1.5 million shares in order to help offset the dilution from option exercises. We have already repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for $88.5 million in the first 9 months of 2013 and expect to continue to moderately repurchase shares in the fourth quarter. We expect the repurchases to result in a year-end diluted share count of slightly less than the third quarter level of 48.4 million shares. This would equate to a full year average share count of approximately 48.5 million shares. We had 66.3 million remaining on our $850 million stock repurchase authorization at the end of the third quarter. As Jim discussed, we narrowed our 2013 sales guidance to the low end of our previous range. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance was narrowed to $2.85 to $2.90, which is the high end of our previous range. This EPS guidance range includes the $0.07 benefit from the tax-related items and investment gain in the third quarter. You may recall that on our second quarter conference call, we announced the planned closure of 3 production rooms at our California research model facility. As a result of this action, we recorded an accelerated depreciation charge of $6.8 million in the third quarter and expect to record a similar charge of approximately $7 million in the fourth quarter. These charges equate to approximately $0.16 per share for the full year and are the primary drivers behind the reduction in our GAAP EPS guidance range to $2.23 to $2.28. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect a modest sequential decline in both sales and EPS, primarily reflecting seasonal trends in both business segments. RMS sales are expected to be slightly lower than the third quarter as demand for small models normally declines in the fourth quarter due to lighter holiday ordering patterns. In the PCS segment, sales are expected to be moderately lower on a sequential basis due to fewer study starts during the holidays, which has become a more significant factor in recent years due to the shorter-term nature of preclinical work. Given the volume sensitivity of the RMS and PCS businesses, we expect that there will be some pressure on the operating margin in the fourth quarter. Based on seasonality and the other factors I've discussed, fourth quarter EPS is expected to be lower than the third quarter level even after excluding the $0.07 of tax-related items and the investment gain. We are pleased with our third quarter operating performance and the progress that we have made to return value to our shareholders. I would like to conclude with one scheduling note. We plan to provide 2014 guidance in February when we report our fourth quarter 2013 results. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. Tricia, would you please take questions now?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will open the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a couple around demand. So first of all, Jim, you called out large and mid-tier clients that are increasing their business with you. I'd be interested in your fleshing that out a little bit, but including why you seemed to be specifically not saying small biotech. And with the funding flowing to that category, I'm just wondering why that's not a more significant uptick in demand.
James C. Foster: Yes, Dave, that's just a difference in nomenclature, so we use the term mid-tier really to describe biotech clients really sort of middle sized and smaller biotech clients. So we're seeing a really strong demand from large pharma, first-tier biotech and smaller ones as well, and actually even some academic clients. There are many large academic institutions, particularly some of these large hospitals, develop their own compounds and others are responsible for developing compounds for pharma as well. So yes, we're pleased with demand. We're pleased with market share gains. We're particularly pleased with the number of study starts and the mix of studies with a slight uptick in specialty work, which has always been our strength. And as we've said previously, it's an area where we have less price sensitivity.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the broader, call them, strategic deals, you've had one fairly high profile one in each of the last 2 years. We're coming up on -- we're moving toward the end of this year and there hasn't really been that high-profile announcement this year. Maybe it's just not been announced, but some checks suggest that that RFI activity for broader strategic deals is a little quiet right now, and I guess I'd be interested in your comments on interest level and discussions and timing around those as well.
James C. Foster: Sure. We've said in prior calls that it's become increasingly more difficult for us to call these deals out because we literally can't call them out by name. So what we've done is we've gone to a percentage of overall sales that they represent, which we identified at around 25%. There's a fair amount of activity. So in addition to the one that we called out by name and the one that we called previously, more euphemistically, we've had several large clients like that with whom we have done deals. Some are multiyear, some are single year and some are almost from quarter-to-quarter, but clearly, we've been deemed the principal provider for those clients. And I guess that we're seeing 2 things happening right now. The clients that we have large strategic deals with, regardless of the length, we are in discussions with many of them about additional services that we can provide or products across our entire portfolio, which are often not the initial reason that they came to us. And they're looking to enhance the partnerships to get the benefit of the value proposition. I would also say that we are in discussions with several other clients about additional deals. And there's been a fair amount of activity recently in terms of responding to RFPs for both current clients and potential new ones. So I'd say that the space remains active, the interest by clients in outsourcing remains consistent and focused, and the opportunity we want to share out with current clients is becoming a reality.
Operator: And we will open the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Jim, question about the R&D restructuring trend within large pharma. I'm sure you don't want to talk about any of these companies in particular, but just in general, when you see the type of news that we saw out of Merck a month or so ago, what are the kind of puts and takes that ripple through your P&L? And net-net, do you view that as a positive or a negative, let's say, in over a 12- to 24-month period?
James C. Foster: Sure. So we're not going to comment on any particular client and certainly not the one that just reduced infrastructure, although you should presume that we do meaningful amounts of work with all the major drug companies. So we -- these continue to be a fact of life for all of us, John. The impact on us is always different, depending on how much work we have done with them previously and what portion of their infrastructure they actually take offline. But clearly, we've seen a couple of things. We've seen an adverse impact on unit sales in our research model business, and that's been reflected pretty prominently this year. It's only the last 3 quarters and a bit last year as well. So while we have gotten some share, while we have had market share gains significantly in the academic sector and while we had a pretty good mix in the research model business, the unit decline has been substantial enough to put some downward pressure on the growth rate of that segment for us, as well as the margin. And you've seen a bit of that this quarter, as well as the prior quarters. There's -- and that can obviously stabilize over time, but there's certainly an initial impact. We see an upward tick after some period of sorting out internal structures. We see an upward tick almost immediately in our services businesses. And that's everything from GEMS work to non-GLP and GLP talks work. A lot of the spaces being taken offline by many of these companies is in classic GLP talks, and some of it is in the early discovery work like early PK work, which we're doing increasing about. So net-net, we see this as an opportunity to provide an increased range of services for large clients who used to do most of the work internally. And we think they'll provide some very good opportunities for us.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. One quick follow-up. In your PCS business, are you seeing any hints of study start delays creeping up? Or is there still plenty of spare capacity around the industry, so programs can be started immediately?
James C. Foster: You make me a little superstitious answering that, John. We've seen -- in prior years, fourth quarter -- towards the end of the year, we got nervous about that. We didn't see any through the third quarter at all, and we haven't seen any sort of -- to this point in time. Nothing unusual. We have the normal delays of a test article not being ready or formulation difficulties, but we're not seeing the sort of -- we got to put everything on hold and wait until the next fiscal year because we're either running out of money or we want to watch our expenses. We had our antenna up for that. But I'm seeing it. I can't predict the balance of the year, but it feels like that's going to be unlikely. So that's -- the fourth quarter is very difficult to call, but I would say that the clients seem to be working hard. They seem to be outsourcing significantly and they seem to be -- they're calling their pipelines down relatively early in the process. Often when we get involved is with the compound that they have high hopes for, so they tend to drive it right through all 4 quarters. We're also seeing clients trying to finalize and do IND filings before the end of the year, so that helps us as well.
Operator: And we go to the line of Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I realize this is somewhat of a sensitive question, but as we think about global staffed capacity utilization for the preclinical CRO industry, I mean, we kind of consistently these days are coming back with mid-60 percentage levels. But as I've spoken to you in the past, Jim, and just kind of hearing your comments today and looking at PCS results, even excluding some of these nonrecurring items, it would appear that cost absorption is really starting to rise, and presumably, you're above the industry capacity utilization levels. Is that fair to say?
James C. Foster: Yes, it is. We don't have any published information. And obviously, we can only garner from what our public competitors say and some of the private ones anecdotally say. We also know a little bit about competitive capacity based upon work that we're bidding on, whether our competition seems to be able to take it in quickly or not. But based upon sort of the last indications of how busy the rest of the marketplace is, it appears that we do remain considerably above them. Our capacity is increasingly better utilized. Our client lists are extremely attractive. There's a lot of big drug companies. There's a lot of big biotech. And there's a healthy amount of small biotech clients that we're doing extremely well with in part because of enhanced relationships with some of the venture capital firms that bank them. We are being a little bit more selective. We're getting a little bit of spot pricing. We're having a better mix because the work comes to us. And if the drug looks promising, the studies tend to elongate. So yes, we're not fully utilized yet. And from a competitive point of view, we still certainly have the issue that -- while we have an increasing number of clients who are loyal and have a preference for our quality. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we have been winning some studies where we are not the lowest price. Having said that, there are some clients that are extremely price sensitive and also extremely time sensitive and will wait even a relatively short period of time. So we have to be careful about that, and I think that's impairing our ability to be more aggressive with price. But generally speaking, we're really pleased with the overall trajectory of demand and how space is doing.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just a quick second question. Just would be interested to hear the, I guess, the background as it relates to the hire of Emily Hickey. I guess she replaces Michael Luther in Discovery Services. She joins, it sounds like, from Merck. And just would love to hear a little bit more about kind of how that went down and that would be helpful.
James C. Foster: Emily is someone that we have known of from the client side. She's very prominent in the industry, particularly in the discovery space, is a sort of marquee scientist with expertise across multiple therapeutic areas and appeared to us to be a good manager. And I think the timing just worked out well in terms of our need for someone and her desire to make a move. We are very, very excited about having her here and very confident that her background and leadership ability will be beneficial to this part of our business. And also, she's literally been in the shoes of most of our clients and can talk to them as someone who had a corporate relationship with us and someone who used other suppliers as well, I'm sure, and has some objectivity about the capabilities and expertise that exist out there. So we think she -- she's only been here a couple of weeks but has immediately enhanced our capability to provide great services to our clients.
Operator: And we'll open the line of Jeffrey Bailin with Crdit Suisse.
Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I noticed you talked a little bit about the Discovery Service market. There's been a lot of debate about the appetite for sponsors to really actively outsource here. Could you talk about the discussions you're having, really how you kind of see the growth of that market evolving over time?
James C. Foster: Sure. It has very strong parallels to the talks market. It's a marketplace that the clients will be comfortable outsourcing when they get ready. And by that, I mean when they discern that they can't afford the internal infrastructure and/or the capability of outside providers like Charles River are as good or better than their internal capacity. Our capabilities are always of lower cost of that because our internal cost structures are quite significant and we move as quickly and oftentimes faster than they do. So it's a willingness and openness to do that. The AZ deal, which is only one we could openly talked about, was a lot of that. It was a combination of reducing capacity and outsourcing both discovery and tox work and just getting comfortable doing that. We end up doing the work very much like the client did it internally. So what we believe we'll see over time is an increased necessity on the part of the client economically to outsource this work, a; b, an acknowledgment, I'll just talk about it as acknowledgment, as we continue to build out our discovery capabilities, that we have significant enough science for them to be comfortable outsourcing. We're hard at work on both organically, and hopefully, through additional M&A. And that there's a partnership that's developed over time with us that gets the client comfortable and knows that they can trust us and that will provide good science and very good transparencies. So you can actually see the market beginning to develop the way talks did. The difference between now and 25 years ago when talks developed was that the drug companies were much different, much richer and much more internally focused and capable. And now we see significant infrastructure reductions and a fundamental change in the way they do business and much more virtual structures. So we do think that discovery work will pick up. It's a $4 billion to $6 billion opportunity that can or may be 15% outsourced in a very, very fragmented basis and that provides very, very good opportunities for us and others.
Jeffrey Bailin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And maybe just one follow-up. Obviously, the large models volume has been pressured for several quarters now and even in the face of some of the improving preclinical trends that you're seeing on the demand side. Obviously, some headwinds from facility consolidation amongst big pharma, but you kind of mentioned that it could get to a little bit more stable place here. What needs to happen in the marketplace to maybe stabilize or even lead to some volume growth on the research model production side?
James C. Foster: We have to have a period where we don't have multiple large pharma companies taking multiple large research facilities offline simultaneously. So we've had a pretty dynamic couple of years. We do think that will benefit us nicely in our service businesses. We're definitely being impacted by it in the research model business. At some point, the very large facility reductions should slow, and at some point, they'll stop. The predictive -- it's impossible for us to predict if, when and how they will do this or who will do it next. So if we have some sustained period where that could happen, given that we will most assuredly have some price increases, we have had every year, next year, as we're continuing to really work hard on efficiency in the research model business even though we've been doing it for a long time. And as we continue to take share across the board, we're principally in the academic marketplace, we do think there's an opportunity to have some modest growth in that business. And obviously, if you look at RMS as a total sector, we feel that we can have at least mid-single-digit growth all in.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe just following up on that last question on RMS. As we think about the fact that you kind of restated your operating margin target to 30% or above for that business, can you maybe just talk about whether you need to pull additional levers in light of the fact there's still some pressure on the top line for RMS?
James C. Foster: Yes and no, Tycho. The levers that we will continue to pull are really looking at that business with fresh eyes, with a view towards enhanced automation, less labor intensity, and sort of questioning how we've done everything. So it's a very, very efficient and profitable business, but we actually think there are ways to enhance, that we've talked about our inventory management system that we've used in our GEMS business. We're now looking to use that in other parts of our production business which has automated a lot of our data collection of our animal models. So do think we can get a margin in the core animal business. And obviously, other parts of research models, RMS, which is the segment that reports -- hopefully continues to report over 30%, has EMD which has very strong margins, has a whole host of services which has strong margins as well, and most of those businesses are growing. So we think that the blend of products and services in that segment with an enhanced focus on driving operating efficiency and a larger research model business, and I'm obviously talking about it on a global basis, should help us keep those margins north of 30%.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then to get back to that mid-single-digit growth in the market you talked about a minute ago, I mean, restructurings aside, is there some risk that there's just a broader secular shift here, just fewer animal models because of targeted trials maybe more in silica work? And are there other dynamics playing into the RMS volume trends beyond just restructuring?
James C. Foster: Yes, I think that's true, but really has had very miniscule impact on units. But when we're talking about RMS mid-single digit, we are talking about all in. And so if I had to give you an assessment of just research models without [indiscernible], without EMD, without -- in our avian business, all seems to report it, which I think is how you're driving the question. I think we're sort of looking at low-single digits for that business if we don't have additional substantial facility reductions, which we may. So if we don't, we'll probably have low single there, enhanced and buttressed by much, much higher growth in EMD business obviously. And we've sized that for all of you and our other service businesses as well. So we're comfortable with at least mid-single in that sector. And again, it has a lot to do with what the larger companies do with their internal capacity.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last one on your own capacity. I know you had the question on utilization before, but as we think about the rooms that you're sitting on that are not open, Shrewsbury and other facilities, can you maybe just talk to how you think about opening up or freeing up additional capacity over time?
James C. Foster: Very carefully. So we just lived through a protracted period, still living through a protracted period where there was too much capacity in the overall system at a time when demand was slow related to that capacity, so it's been challenging. Now that we see our space filling quite rapidly, we obviously like that. We are still able to be responsive to our clients, both old and new. We have some small amounts of space that we -- some of which we've opened, some of which we're in the process of opening and some of which we haven't. That's pretty subtle and that should not have any drag on anything. Something as significant as Shrewsbury, which we obviously would to love to open, and as the concentration of life sciences companies grows in the Cambridge area, it really seems even more compelling proximity than it ever was. But we would probably need 2 or 3 very large clients to make a significant commitment to us almost simultaneously because the running costs of that facility are not insignificant. So directionally, we think that has great strategic opportunity for us in the future. We also think that, obviously, as our space fills and everybody else fills as well, that there'll just be an overall need for more capacity in the system, particularly on the East Coast, both with regard to Cambridge and the large pharmaceutical companies that are certainly in New York, New Jersey and Philly areas. So there will be a point where we will be increasingly pleased with the fact that we already have facilities built. We're just going to be careful about how and when we open them.
Operator: And we'll open the line of Rafael Tejada of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple from me. And a little bit more -- just digging in a little more on the RMS side of the business. So as has been discussed, it appears that softening of volumes in the legacy research models business is still impacting the progress in RMS. But can you also talk about what you're seeing in the competitive landscape? I guess I'm just trying to get a better sense of the discussed sequential decline in the business since I have to go back all the way to 2008 to see another quarter in which we saw that sort of decline?
James C. Foster: So our competitive position continues to strengthen. We are continuing to take share, some in the pharmaceutical sector, some in the biotech sector. But I would say the principal share gains have been in the academic sector, given the narrowing of our price points relative to the competition. I think from a science and service and IT point of view, we're way ahead of the competition. And we're seeing our clients buy more across the larger portfolio, and also they want some global consistency, certainly, the large clients do. So while we continue to have great respect for our competition, we take them seriously, we don't have any competitors in the research model business with either the scale or the scientific capacity or infrastructure that we have in proximity to our clients. Of course, we've recently enhanced all of that with our Vital River operation in Beijing, which is growing very nicely well ahead of our acquisition plan, and yes, we're enjoying our competitive position.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And Tom, I just had a -- wanted a clarification on the full year EPS guidance on the non-GAAP side. Obviously, now seeing $2.85 to $2.90. But can you help me just get a bridge for that, the change in EPS guidance just given the tax items and investment benefits this quarter? And also, just looking at the $0.24 benefit from impairment and other items that's now seen at $0.24, before it was $0.05, so where are the $0.19 coming from?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Okay. Well, I think your question talks about the latter part of it, a GAAP-related item only, and the earlier part of your question of course was about our non-GAAP guidance of $2.85 to $2.90. So what we did was we narrowed our range from $2.80 to $2.90 on a non-GAAP basis to $2.85 to $2.90, which was the higher end, and we did indicate that, that included the $0.07 that we pointed out specifically in Q3, combination of the tax items and the investment gain. We also noted that sequentially, we don't really forecast those types of things because they're more discrete. And so essentially, we view those prospectively as sort of neutral items or 0. So that's where we are on the non-GAAP. With respect to the impairment or the accelerated depreciation that you called out and the increase in that particular item, we lowered our GAAP range for that, only, no impact since we excluded it in our non-GAAP results, no impact in our non-GAAP results. And had said in earlier conversations that we expected to move through that plan that by year end and expect it to have a benefit going into next year as a result of the reduced capacity on the West Coast.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So basically on -- I guess, simplified on an apples-to-apples basis as I'm looking at guidance from what it is today and what it was before, is it really just the $0.07 that is the newly introduced item?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I think the answer to that is yes, if I understand the correct -- question correctly. I mean, we had the $0.07 in the third quarter. We're including it in our non-GAAP numbers year-over-year and basically making you aware of it specifically.
Operator: And we'll open the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you delve in a little bit more to the long-term guidance that you touched on with Tycho's question? If I heard you correctly, you're talking about low-single-digit growth in RMS and a higher growth in PCS to bring the consolidated growth in the mid-single-digit range. I guess, the first part of the question is, is that all organic? And the second part of the question is, what are your long-term margin targets at this point? I believe at one point, you were hoping to reach 20% consolidated and then it was kind of the commentary following that was approaching 20%. With a better margin performance this quarter, do you see yourselves getting solidly back to 20% at some point?
James C. Foster: That continues to be a long-term aspiration for us without moving into 2014 guidance, which we're obviously not ready to give. I would say that we're very interested in getting Preclinical to 15% kind of as the next guidepost. We're certainly knocking on 15% right now, pretty close this quarter. RMS, we believe -- and again, RMS includes all the services in EMD, we believe we can keep those margins over 30%. So certainly trending towards 20% all in. And we think that growth rates hopefully will shake out to sort of mid-single digit for -- at least mid-single digit for both sectors, and we're certainly in the hunt to do that. Having done that on a consolidated basis for this quarter and having done that the first -- actually the first time having both segments perform relatively consistently in almost 5 years, so the economic downturn. We feel better about the demand curve, better about our competitive position and better about additional services and products that the clients would want. So we think it's a very -- it's a unique and competitively strong portfolio, which we're going to work hard to continue to enhance, both organically, a little bit geographically and certainly through M&A upstream as we've said countless times in the discovery and nonregulated area, so that we can help the clients with the go and no-go decisions. So the growth rate will be very much proportional to the rate of outsourcing and that's very much related to the amount of infrastructure that comes offline and/or enhanced investments in discovery and early development by the large drug companies. We're seeing a bit of a swing back towards that. Also, we're obviously seeing a very strong period in biotech where, at least financially, the wind is at their back, both from the capital markets and from the large drug companies. And we're also seeing a real uptick in academic centers as a drug discovery engine. So from a demand point of view, the market is, for us, is improving. And as capacity fills and we get more pricing power, we should be able to drive both the top and the bottom line more effectively.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a very quick follow-on. Should we be thinking about additional share repurchases going forward now that the cash on your balance sheet is building a little bit?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Am I assuming you're referring to 2014 and beyond?
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, after you complete the current authorization.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, yes, I mean -- I guess what I would say directionally, and of course it's premature to be answering, is that one of the things that we do want to try to manage is potential dilution from our option programs and restricted programs with our employees and whatnot. So I would say directionally that, to some level, we would probably continue to be a buyer. Whether we're buying incrementally above that and maybe taking our share count down, I think that depends on what we're doing on M&A and things like that.
Operator: We'll open the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked. So just to go back to the margin question because, obviously, there are a lot of moving parts. So bottom line, when we think about PCS margin, should we think about sustainable margins as we model it around the 15.5% level, which seems to be the normalized rate for the quarter? And then on the RMS side, I know that you've talked about this 30% target and what can get you there. But I think with the experience that you had with PCS, sometimes it takes longer, right, to turn that margin. So when we think about it, maybe if you think about what could be the headwinds, right, that will continue to pressure RMS, what are the risks to this margin for that segment that we should be thinking of?
Thomas F. Ackerman: In terms of your question on PCS, if you look back at our margins for the quarter, we reported, on a non-GAAP basis, 18.2% and we said we had about a 370 basis point improvement as a result of the unique tax-related items. So I think when you look at where we would have been without those and what we said about the fourth quarter, I think that's sort of the range that we should be in. Given the current mix of business, it was a little bit better this quarter and given what we've seen for volumes. So I think as we look forward to 2014, that certainly would be where we would target improvement from. I think it'll still continue to be challenging, but that would be our goal. I think on the research model side, sort of floating around 30%. We obviously want to keep our margins up above 30% and actually try to improve them. I think where it's been a little bit challenging is in the small research model end where we've seen some decline in the business, particularly with some of our largest clients, which create some unused capacity. We did take action -- or are taking action this year with respect to our facility on the West Coast where we're going to close a portion of that facility and accelerate depreciation as we've already done and indicated. So I think that'll continue to be the challenge on that side of the business in terms of the research models. I think the other businesses are actually doing pretty well, GEMS, EMD, et cetera, so I think the challenges will be in the small model business.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just to follow up, when you think about what was in your control, to your point, kind of like shutting down some capacity and introducing automation, can you quantify to us kind of like could that contribute to a 100 basis point improvement, 200 kind of like -- so kind of like just to think about kind of like the visibility that you have around those margins?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I think we said it would be up to a couple of million savings next year. I mean, of course, when you look at that in the abstract, we're obviously going to have a lot of other things going the other way like merit increases and those sorts of things we have to continue to deal with. We're obviously looking at a number of other items or areas where we can be more efficient in our research model production and things like that, inventory management and whatnot. Some of those projects are still at a very early stage, so I would be reluctant to make commitments on what we might see for savings in '14 or thereafter or what it might do to the margin. But I think, more broadly speaking to your question, we've just taken an overted action, which we're in the process of implementing, and we're looking at a number of other things. So I think we're trying to do as much as we think we can to protect and potentially improve the margin in a number of different areas.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We will open the line of Shaun Rodriguez with Cowen and Company.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So first one on trends in China. Despite maybe some industrial weakness, several of the tools companies have noted that research demand there remains pretty robust, both from the drug industry, as well as academic government labs. So just wondering if you could provide some additional detail on the Vital River performance, which has exceeded your expectations, and really just trying to understand how much is really just this robust end market dynamic versus your execution. And more broadly, given these trends, whether -- or really just your updated thoughts on plans to further increase exposure in that market?
James C. Foster: Yes. I mean, we're seeing very good receptivity and demand for higher-quality research models as is the case everywhere else that we do business in and in the more developed drug development centers. So as we've said several times, we're exceeding our acquisition plan. We're going to be interested in expanding our capability and reach across other parts of China. It's a combination of internal clients, government clients, international companies who are doing work in China and less sophisticated competition that doesn't have the history and knowledge of the importance of really controlling viral issues, bacterial issues and also consistency among inbred strains. So we're in a very interesting educational period with the marketplace. Regardless of whatever commentary you believe, there's certainly a lot of money being put into life sciences sector, and one of the core elements in discovery research and also early-stage development is the quality animal, so you don't have impaired results. So we're very optimistic about our ability to continue to build a meaningful business over there, and we don't yet see any other sort of classic commercial competitors located in China, so we'll enjoy our lead in the marketplace for as long as we have it.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And just on your CapEx plans for Q4, I think you expect $25 million in spending there in Q4. I think this is roughly how much you've spend year-to-date and still is within the full year guidance. But just looking for maybe some additional details on the projects that you have outlined up here in the near term and which segments they're tailored to support.
Thomas F. Ackerman: We are finishing up a few smaller projects related to facility expansion and research models in the U.S., in vitro business in Asia and a couple of other areas. We do tend to spend a little bit more in the fourth quarter year-on-year. That's been really our pattern. So while the number seems a little bit high, I mean, that still is our internal estimate. What I would say is that we do have some improvement reflected in our DSO numbers that we feel pretty good about. And I think the CapEx might appear to be a little conservative. So I think in terms of our free cash flow overall, I feel pretty good about our guidance. In the event that we're unable to meet our DSO, there's probably a chance that we might underspend our CapEx. But at this point in time, those are our internal estimates and that's what we're holding true for the year.
James C. Foster: Okay, I guess that must be it.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. If we were unable to get to your question, we will follow up with you later today. Thank you very much. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Roberto Fatta Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your first speaker, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our second quarter results and review guidance for 2013. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844, and the access code in either case is 297653. The replay will be available through August 15. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2013, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the Company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our second quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of $294 million in the second quarter of 2013. This was 3.4% above the previous year and, excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, a 4.6% increase in constant currency. Growth was driven primarily by the RMS segment, which reported a 5.5% increase in constant currency, having benefited from the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River as well as growth for the Avian and legacy EMD businesses. The PCS segment also had a very strong quarter. We were very pleased with the year-over-year growth of 3.1% in constant currency as well as the sequential growth of 4.8%. As a result of our market share gains, sales to large biopharmaceutical and mid-tier clients are increasing. The consolidated operating margin declined 210 basis points year-over-year to 13% -- to 17.3% from 19.4% in the second quarter of 2012. However, it increased 50 basis points from the first quarter of this year. Both RMS and PCS contributed to the year-over-year decline. Lower legacy sales of Research Models flowed straight to the bottom line and as our global biopharmaceutical clients continue to take large facilities offline, they reduced the volume of research models that they purchased. However, as they decrease their internal capacity, these companies increase the amount of work that they outsource. This benefits our service sales in both RMS and PCS and is the primary force behind the PCS segment's return to moderate growth and the sequential margin improvement. Because we intend to maintain the RMS margin at or above 30% on an annual basis and increase the PCS margin to 15% over the next few years, we are intently focused on improving operating efficiency. As we've discussed previously, we have a number of initiatives identified through our Performance Improvement Plan [ph], which were implemented in 2012 or are currently in process. In 2013, these efforts are primarily focused on projects in the areas of procurement, energy, discretionary spending, preclinical study management and sales productivity. As we stated when we provided guidance last December, we expect all of these projects to generate approximately $20 million in annualized operating income in 2013. Earnings per diluted share were $0.73 in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $0.75 in the second quarter of 2012. We generated less operating income than in the prior year period, principally as a result of lower legacy sales of Research Models and also due to the fact that we received an insurance settlement for the tsunami in Japan in the second quarter of 2012. Sequentially, we improved operating income by approximately 4% due primarily to higher capacity utilization of our preclinical facilities and operating efficiency initiatives. And we continued to return value to shareholders in the second quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 389,000 shares for $16.6 million. At its recent meeting, the Board of Directors increased the size of the repurchase authorization to $850 million. We are reiterating our constant currency sales growth guidance for 2013, which we continue to expect will be in the range between 4% and 6% with both the RMS and PCS segments in that range. Sales growth is expected to be driven by a successful targeted sales effort, which continue to enable us to gain market share, as well as the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River, both of which are performing ahead of plan. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance remains in a range of $2.80 to $2.90 or about 4% at the midpoint. As we discussed when we gave guidance in December, earnings growth in 2013 is being moderated by compensation costs and inflation as well as costs incurred in relation to new strategic relationships. I'd like to provide you with details on the second quarter segment results. RMS segment sales were $180.5 million or a 5.5% gain in constant currency due primarily to the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River. We are very pleased with both of these acquisitions, which are performing extremely well and contributing more to total sales growth than our original estimates of approximately 1% for Accugenix and slightly more than 1% for Vital River. In addition to the acquisitions, both our Avian and legacy EMD businesses contributed to sales growth but were offset primarily by continued soft sales of research models to large biopharmaceutical clients. We believe that our acquisition of Vital River was a timely acquisition to our portfolio. Demand for high-quality research models in China is expanding as researchers appreciate more and more the difference that high-quality models can make in research. With both government stimulus and academic and private investment driving pharmaceutical research, our China operation has the potential to grow significantly in the coming years. Charles River is recognized and trusted for the high-quality products and services we provide and we intend to play a leading role in this emerging opportunity. The RMS operating margin was 30%, a decline of 280 basis points from the second quarter of 2012. Last year's margin benefited by approximately 100 basis points as a result of the insurance settlement we received for Japan. Otherwise, the margin decline was primarily a function of lower legacy sales of research models, which, as I said, were affected by our global biopharmaceutical clients' buying patterns. These clients continued to reduce their purchases of research models as they rationalized capacity, which is no longer needed due to industry consolidation, elimination of therapeutic areas, rationalization of pipelines or a combination of all 3. A positive outcome for our clients' action is that they are increasing their reliance on outsourcing. As we have seen over the last 2 years, many of them have chosen to outsource larger tranches of early Discovery Services and preclinical safety assessments. Historically, discovery has been considered a core capability, which couldn't be outsourced. But as large biopharmaceutical companies have assessed the cost of maintaining in-house capabilities and we have expanded our discovery expertise, outsourcing has become a more logical choice. To maintain the RMS segment operating margin at or above the 30% level, in addition to our performance improvement initiatives we intend to rationalize some of the production capacity at our California research model facility. We will be closing 3 barrier rooms, which is equivalent to slightly less than 2% of our worldwide capacity. At the same time, we will increase production of certain isolator-bred models [ph] for which demand is increasing. These actions will enable us to enhance the products and support we provide to our clients on a more cost-effective basis. We did see a moderate impact on spending by our government and academic clients in the second quarter, which we believe may be due to sequestration. As we noted when we reported our first quarter results, one government contract was canceled and there were restrictions on filling open positions in some of our in-sourcing solutions contracts. Several of our academic clients have told us that they are concerned with the availability of funding but this has not resulted in a noticeable decline in spending to date. Therefore we are maintaining our estimate that the impact of sequestration in 2013 should be approximately $3 million. Sales of Research Models Services declined in the second quarter due primarily to the expiration of 2 long-term contracts for certain services in Europe at the end of 2012. As we'd previously noted in our first quarter results, these contracts represented approximately $5.5 million in annual revenue. The decline was offset in part by modestly higher GEMS and RADS sales as both commercial and academic researchers utilized our services in lieu of their own internal resources. In addition, sales for our in-sourcing solutions business increased slightly in the U.S. despite sequestration and significantly in Europe as clients increased the number of staff positions we were contracted to fill. Sales of Discovery Research Services, or DRS, were effectively unchanged from the second quarter of last year. The first and second quarters of 2012 were extremely strong due to the ramp in services under the strategic relationship we entered into in the fourth quarter of 2011. Sales increased significantly on a sequential basis as both our oncology and CNS franchises performed very well. Our expertise in these 2 therapeutic areas is well known and respected so, as biopharmaceutical companies increasingly choose to outsource, they are relying on Charles River for the expertise that they no longer are maintaining in-house. Given the emerging importance of outsourced Discovery Services, the area is an acquisition focus for us. Our goal is to expand our ability to support additional therapeutic areas as well as our geographic footprint. The EMD business again delivered an outstanding performance with year-over-year sales growth in excess of 20%, including the addition of Accugenix. Both our core testing products and the PTS performed exceptionally well. Primarily as a result of exposure through the larger Charles River sales force and our broader access to clients, Accugenix is reaching a bigger audience than it was able to do on its own. To support the demand for access to Accugenix's microbial identification capabilities, we are in the process of strategically expanding our testing facilities so that clients in countries other than the U.S. can have their testing performed in one of our labs situated closer to them. Our new facility in France opened in June and we have already seen significant growth there. We expect that the strong growth metrics will continue as we open laboratories in Korea in September and India in November. We intend to continue investing in both product extensions and acquisitions like Accugenix in order to drive EMD growth. We were extremely pleased with the performance of the PCS segment. Sales were $114 million, a 3.1% year-over-year increase in constant currency and 4.8% on a sequential basis. This was the highest level -- this was the highest sales level since 2010, with volumes increasing for both non-GLP and GLP services. Higher sales was a direct result of successful targeted sales strategies, which have enabled us to gain market share. These strategies highlighted our competitive differentiators: our broad portfolio of early-stage drug discovery and development products and services, which is unique in the industry; our scientific expertise; our geographic footprint; our best-in-class client data portals; our operating efficiency, which we continuously strive to improve; and our flexibility in structuring working relationships with our clients in the arrangement which is best suited to their individual needs. These differentiating factors enable us to offer clients a value proposition that few CROs can match. Furthermore, the value proposition is a compelling choice for all types of clients, as evidenced by increased PCS sales to both our large biopharmaceuticals and mid-tier biotechnology clients. Regardless of size, we build each working relationship and embed ourselves in our clients' processes, becoming an integral part of the team. We believe that one size does not fit all and that a deep understanding of our clients is essential to a successful working relationship. With approximately 25% of our total sales derived from strategic relationships, we do have improved visibility. However, the PCS operating margin exhibits some unevenness from quarter-to-quarter due to variables including volumes, study mix and pricing. The second quarter PCS operating margin declined by 90 basis points to 12.2% when compared to the second quarter of 2012 but increased 160 basis points on a sequential basis. Higher study volumes improved our capacity utilization for the quarter but a less advantageous study mix and pricing offset some of the improvement. On a year-over-year basis, the increase in sales from new strategic relationships did exert pressure on the PCS margin. This was expected because, as we have said previously, pricing for these agreements was competitive and there would also be associated start-up costs. However, we expected that as we became more integral to our clients' processes and they became more familiar with our capabilities, they would increase the amount of work they placed with us and the higher volume would improve the margin. This is occurring and start-up costs with some clients are behind us. Both factors are responsible in part for the 160-basis-point sequential margin improvement. Spot pricing remained relatively stable at approximately 1% in the second quarter. There have been certain cases in which some competitors are offering significant discounts, particularly to some of the smaller clients. In general, we have declined to match these prices. With our capacity filling, we are able to be more selective with regard to accepting lower-margin work. We have been very successful in winning new business based on our deep scientific expertise, our ability to provide clients with flexible, early-stage solutions that are unmatched by other CROs. Our global biopharmaceutical and larger mid-tier clients continue to reduce the number of providers with whom they do business in favor of a smaller, more select group of partners. Based on current discussions, we believe that this process is accelerating. We've been told by some of our clients that they are reducing some hundreds and, in some cases, thousands of suppliers to a select few. And we have also been told that Charles River is considered a first-tier supplier. This is evidenced by the fact that in most of the selection processes we have been designated as a partner or preferred provider. So our pricing remains a factor. Scientific expertise and flexibility are critical elements in a choice of an outsourcing partner. Pricing and study mix will continue to affect results but we expect that directionally, both the PCS sales and operating margin will continue to improve over the next few years. We believe this improvement will occur not only because of our focus on sales growth and operating efficiency but also because outsourcing has become essential to our clients' successful navigation of the drug discovery and development process. Discussions concerning additional strategic relationships are continuing as our clients tackle the logistics of how and what to outsource. We believe it's critical to participate in that process now. So our strategy is focused on positioning Charles River as the preferred partner for outsourced, early-stage discovery and development products and services. I've previously described the approach we are employing to achieve this strategy so I will simply remind you that our efforts include: targeted acquisitions, both upstream and geographic, which are a sound financial and strategic fit; investments to add new or upgrade some of our facilities in order to provide more capabilities and space to take on additional work; increasing collaboration across our business units in order to leverage capabilities of our unique portfolio; and improving our operating efficiency to allow us to deliver the essential products and services for which we are so well and in most cases cost-effective manner. We have worked to achieve this strategy through a series of actions over the last 5 years and believe our success is enabling us to present clients with a superior value proposition that allows them to outsource services, which they formally maintained in-house, without compromising science and with improved time frame. This value proposition is the basis of our belief that over the next few years sales growth will continue to improve, which will in turn drive operating margin expansion, earnings per share growth and free cash flow generation. Today we differentiate ourselves by our broad early-stage portfolio, which is unique in the CRO universe; our extensive scientific expertise; our attention to client service; our best-in-class data systems and portals; and our ability to structure creative, flexible solutions that support our clients' goals of reducing the cost and improving the productivity of drug development. We are dedicating ourselves to executing our strategy and continuing to return value to shareholders. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like to Tom Ackerman to give you the second quarter financial details.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. In the second quarter, we excluded $1.5 million from non-GAAP RMS sales and $1.9 million from non-GAAP earnings related to our U.S. government billing practices in prior periods. There's additional detail on this matter in our Form 10-Q, which was filed last night. Second quarter operating results were in line with our expectations with constant currency sales growth of 4.6% and an operating margin of 17.3%, both on a non-GAAP basis. The consolidated operating margin improved 50 basis points sequentially, driven primarily by the continued improvement in demand and capacity utilization in our Preclinical Services segment, partially offset by study mix and competitive pricing. However, the consolidated operating margin declined year-over-year principally due to lower sales volume of our legacy small models business as well as last year's receipt of an insurance settlement related to the 2011 tsunami in Japan. As Jim said, our goal is to maintain the annual RMS operating margin above 30%. We intend to achieve this through our continued focus on operating efficiency, including such actions as the closure of the smaller German and French facilities that we announced in the first quarter and the reduction of production capacity in California that we discussed today. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $850,000 year-over-year to $17.1 million but declined approximately $3 million sequentially. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 6% of sales for the full year. This would suggest a reduction in these costs in the second half of 2013, which is consistent with the historical trend. Net interest expense was $3.8 million in the second quarter, which was $600,000 lower sequentially compared to the first quarter. We now expect 2013 net interest expense to be in a range of $15 million to $17 million, below our prior outlook of $17 million to $19 million as a result of an amendment to our credit agreement in late May and the subsequent refinancing of our convertible debt. The amended credit agreement lowers the interest rate on our bank debt by approximately 25 basis points to LIBOR plus 125 basis points for drawn amounts based on our current leverage ratio. This is expected to result in a slight reduction in interest expense in the second half of the year. Other income was favorable at $1 million in the second quarter due to gains on certain investments, although slightly lower than the $1.1 million of income in the first quarter. The non-GAAP tax rate declined 130 basis points year-over-year to 24.8% in the second quarter driven primarily by the geographic earnings mix. Earnings mix was also a factor in the 190-basis-point sequential decline. In addition, the rate was higher in the first quarter because of discrete costs related to a French tax law change that was retroactive to 2012. As a result of the lower second quarter rate and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we now expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be 25.5% to 26.5% for 2013 or 100 basis points lower than our previous range. Second quarter EPS of $0.73 was slightly ahead of our prior outlook due in part the other income, which we do not forecast, and the favorable tax rate. Year-to-date, we have generated $62.7 million of free cash flow, an increase of nearly $4 million from last year. We remain on track to generate free cash flow of $165 million to $175 million in 2013 because we typically generate greater free cash flow in the second half of the year. DSOs increased by 3 days sequentially to 54 days at the end of the second quarter but we do not see any additional credit risk. We intend to improve DSOs by year end. CapEx was $9.8 million for the second quarter, which was similar to the prior year level, and $16.2 million year-to-date. Lower spending in the first half is primarily a result of the timing of projects and we continue to expect CapEx of approximately $50 million in 2013. Our capital priorities remain focused on debt repayment and stock repurchases as well as targeted acquisitions, which we continue to rigorously evaluate. We amended and expanded our credit facility in late May to provide additional liquidity to refinance the $350 million of convertible notes, which matured in mid-June. The expanded credit facility includes a term loan of $420 million and a multicurrency revolver of up to $550 million. With $215 million drawn and $335 million undrawn in the revolver, we had approximately $635 million of outstanding debt at the end of the second quarter, a reduction of nearly $16 million from the end of the first quarter. Year-to-date, we repurchased approximately 547,000 shares for $23 million. As of June 29, we had $31.8 million outstanding under our stock repurchase authorization, which the Board of Directors increased by $100 million at its meeting this week. Taking up option exercises into consideration, which have totaled approximately 1.1 million shares year-to-date, we now expect to repurchase more than our previous range of 1 million to 1.5 million shares in 2013. It is our goal for stock repurchases to offset the dilution from option exercises. We expect our diluted share count to be between 47.5 million shares and 48 million shares at the end of 2013 for a full year average of approximately 48.5 million shares. As Jim discussed, we are reaffirming our 2013 guidance of constant currency sales growth in a range of 4% to 6% and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.80 to $2.90. Foreign exchange rate are somewhat less favorable than our last update in May principally due to the weakening Japanese yen, so we expect FX to reduce reported sales by slightly more than 1% in 2013. As noted in our press release, we reduced our GAAP EPS guidance range to $2.40 to $2.50 principally to reflect second quarter charges related to a government billing adjustment and debt refinancing costs, all of which were excluded from non-GAAP results. However, we have not yet included any potential charges related to our planned consolidation of RMS production capacity in California in our GAAP guidance range since the analysis of the financial impact has not been finalized. This action could result in a noncash accelerated depreciation charge of approximately $15 million, which would be excluded from our non-GAAP results. We anticipate that this planned action will be completed in late 2013 or early 2014, at which time we expect to generate cost savings of approximately $1.5 million on an annualized basis. We expect third quarter sales and EPS to be modestly below the second quarter levels primarily due to seasonal trends in the RMS segment. As you know, demand for small models in the third and fourth quarters normally declines from first half levels due to lighter summer and holiday ordering patterns. In the PCS segment, we anticipate relatively stable trends on a sequential basis. Other non-operating items in aggregate are not expected to have a meaningful impact on EPS in the third quarter. For example, lower interest expense should be offset by a more normalized tax rate in the third quarter. We are pleased with our second quarter performance and remain on track to achieve our original earnings per share guidance of $2.80 to $2.90 for 2013. We continue to be intently focused on achieving these results through our targeted sales efforts, continued actions to improve operating efficiency and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments and the operator will take your questions now. Stacy, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to start off with, I guess, a question on margins. You saw the sequential improvement in PCS margins this quarter. Maybe just as we think about back half of the year, if you can think about how -- or comment on how you think about margins may trend sequentially in PCS? And then RMS, was the margin decline a little bit more than you'd been anticipating? You had obviously talked about some of the European issues last quarter. So just curious as to your thoughts there.
Thomas F. Ackerman: I can answer the first part, Tycho. I didn't quite hear the latter part. Maybe Jim did. But in any event, I don't think we'll see a dramatic change in margins throughout the year. As I said, the sales sequentially should be somewhat stable and therefore similar. And so I think the margins will be similar, maybe up a little bit directionally. We have talked overall about margins in total being stable year-over-year, segment growth being consistent with the overall guidance growth rate of 4% to 6%. And I think the margins in the segments will be somewhat similar. But with the cost efficiencies that we are building in, I do think there's a little bit of an opportunity for us to see some modest appreciation in preclinical margins over the back half of the year but nothing dramatic.
Susan E. Hardy: Tycho, could you repeat the second half, please? We're having a little trouble hearing you.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I guess -- I mean, similar question for RMS. And if you could maybe just talk about the -- you talked about that being a function of lower legacy sales of models. And just maybe talk about how that tracked relative to your expectations? Obviously there was some softness in the first quarter there, as well. So just wondering what your visibility is on RMS margins in the back half of the year?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, what I would tell you is that the -- obviously, the margins were down a little bit. They were down in the first quarter, down in the second quarter. We have taken some actions, notwithstanding what we mentioned about California, which will give us a bigger benefit in the latter half of the year. But we have been very active in a number of areas for cost savings. So typically we would see a little bit less model sales in the second half of the year, which would put some pressure on the margin, but I think the cost actions that we'll take will ameliorate that to some degree. So I think as you look to RMS margins, they'll probably be a little more stable through the end of the year than they've normally been because we'll be benefiting the OI with some cost actions that will help mitigate the seasonal trends in the top line.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just then one last quick one for Jim. Can you maybe just comment on delays and cancellations? There was a competitor that had said that they had come down in the quarter. Are you seeing a similar trend?
James C. Foster: Come down in the quarter? You mean there were less of them?
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, yes.
James C. Foster: Yes, we -- I -- delays and cancellations haven't been an unusual factor for us for a while. So I don't know whether they've come down, Tycho, but they certainly haven't worsened. And of course we're -- we've been taking share and filling capacity. So our experience is likely different than other people that you're speaking with.
Operator: We'll go to Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Sorry, we're balancing a lot of calls this morning. I'm sorry if I missed it. Did you see anything additional on the government billing adjustment, number one. And number two, Covance yesterday was talking about some tax law changes, R&D tax credit changes in the U.K., and I'm curious if you've had a chance to analyze that and if that's a part of the forward-looking guidance.?
Thomas F. Ackerman: So Eric, I'll work backwards through your questions. So we, with the U.K. facility, are also looking at the same thing. I don't know if Covance went into specific details of election periods but you don't actually have to elect in to that and don't have to make that decision for a while. So we've done a lot of analysis on it. As Covance had said, it will impact the tax rate negatively but it will benefit the operating margin. I don't remember if they said by a similar amount. So it's not necessarily a negative overall to the company other than to the tax rate it's a negative and to operating income it's a positive. So we're still working through that. I expect that on our third quarter call we'll update you. It would be similar to us, although the differential, because of the size of our operation, could be different. But if we do elect in, it would be a negative impact on our tax rate and we'd see a corresponding-type increase in our operating income to the point where it would be relatively neutral on net income and EPS. So we'll make that decision a little bit later in the year. We have done a lot of analysis to date and just want to make sure that electing in early is the right thing to do for us. The last -- your first part of your question was about the government. The only thing that we said on the call that wasn't in the Q -- or was in the Q and the release was that we excluded it from our non-GAAP results because of the nature of it and the fact that it related to prior periods.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I just -- I wasn't sure exactly what the billing adjustment was, what it related to.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Well it related to some work that we were doing for the government on a couple of contracts or several contracts in our Raleigh and Kingston facility, where hours that had been substituted for employees were not always involved in those particular contracts. So it became a billing that needed to be corrected.
Operator: We'll go to Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A little over -- all over the place this morning, so sorry if I missed this, as well. Going back to the closure of the 2 barrier rooms, I think in Hollister. What percentage of the barrier rooms in that facility is that? I know you mentioned, I think, 2% of total global capacity. But what percentage of that facility is that?
James C. Foster: That's 3 rooms out of 9.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And then I'm kind of going to out on a limb here, Jim. I know you haven't really talked about this and looking at your slides and your comments around more efficient processes at your -- at larger pharma customers and maybe a reduced need for as many research models, but just kind of some of my checks have indicated that maybe last year there might have been some over-ordering of models. And so -- with the idea, I guess, procurement thinking that -- or was being told that early development studies were going to be stronger than they were actually. And so maybe we're in kind of a destocking cycle and that, that will be followed by potentially a restocking cycle as R&D budgets are finalized beginning of next year. And so can you maybe comment on that? Or is that just completely off and not something you're seeing?
James C. Foster: That's a great theory and wonderful supposition. I wish it were true. Nobody stocks up on lab animals in advance. They grow out of spec and they get too heavy and they get too old and actually they're not appropriate for certain types of studies. So pretty much it's become very much a just-in-time ordering business and it's also one where I think all -- everyone involved in this industry is very thoughtful and careful about how many animals are purchased and used. So no, I don't think it's a overstocking, destocking and restocking situation that we're going to deal with. I mean, it's quite simple. We -- we're getting price and we're taking share and we're focusing heavily on the academic marketplace, doing really well there. But we have very, very large research facilities, some of the most well-known ones in the entire industry for some of the biggest drug companies that are coming offline kind of one after another and, in a couple of instances, almost simultaneously, all of whom -- I mean, they're all significant clients of ours. Some buy only our animals. So it has obviously an undue adverse impact on research model purchases for some period of time. The flip side is that it has -- it is having and will continue to have a positive uptick and influence on Research Model Services and Preclinical Services and Discovery Services for sure because those -- most of those facilities weren't empty, they were sort of not well used. So there was still work going on there. A lot of safety assessment work and discovery work. And they need to still have their work done. They just don't want to own the people or the bricks and mortar. So that's one of the reasons we're seeing this whatever it's been, 4 quarters in a row upward tick in our Preclinical business, that's why we're getting and winning so many strategic deals and that's why we're seeing us take a disproportion amount of share.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's fair. And Jim, on that point, were there any new strategic deals on the PCS side won this quarter? And can you comment if the 2 larger strategic partnerships that you've talked about, are they ramping a little bit faster than you had originally expected? Or are they kind of in line with what you had thought?
James C. Foster: So we have won additional ones and, as we tried to clarify over the last couple of quarters, we have won many more than the 2 we reported on, which is why we now have 25% of our total revenue associated with those. They're just -- they're impossible to talk about because we don't get permission from our clients. It's very awkward to be referring back to pieces of work with no name associated with it. So we thought it best to frame it in terms of how much of our revenue it takes. In terms of ramping faster, I would say not. The first one we announced ramped pretty much as anticipated. There had been ebbs and flows there but the client has done, in the aggregate, what they told us they would and we anticipate that they will continue to run at those levels. The second one that we did announce actually started off a little slow but is -- has gotten -- getting up to speed nicely. There's a lot of these conversations going on now because there's so much space coming offline and you can just -- you can see everybody sort of reaching the same conclusion. It's unclear to us why it takes some people longer than others and, of course, some haven't reached a conclusion yet. But certainly, as the patent cliff has gotten more severe and the ability to fill it in has gotten harder and the value proposition has gotten more difficult, the necessity -- I won't even say opportunity, the necessity to use outside resources to do development work I don't think is optional. And we're quite optimistic that we're going to continue to see -- will continue to come [indiscernible] outside. Our capacity utilization is filling up nicely. We're becoming more selective on work that we take and we trying to get a better mix and trying to get a little bit of price here and there. And so we're seeing some solidity and some predictability in the market dynamics and that's certainly a good thing. And we're playing our critical role in this marketplace in a very strategic and, I think, beneficial way for our clients.
Operator: And we'll go to Rafael Tejada with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick question on the PCS. Jim, can you just discuss the demand that you're seeing by the different customer types, perhaps looking at the larger biopharma customer versus the smaller biotech entities? And just wondering if you're starting to see a pickup in smaller biotech customers?
James C. Foster: Yes, we -- sales for both -- sales for -- safety assessment sales for both the very large drug companies and the biotech companies was up, continues to be strong. Our biotech percentages -- we don't break it out but it's quite substantial. And if you look at the client list at virtually all of our preclinical facilities, particularly even some of the larger ones, we're doing an increasing amount of work for the smaller players. I wouldn't say necessarily the smallest players but it's kind of mid-tier to first-tier biotechs who -- they tend to be very important clients. Many of them have no internal capabilities at all. The very, very big ones have modest internal capabilities but outsource a lot. They tend to just kind of lock on to us and stay with us, whereas pharma, of course, has been dismantling their own capability. And you can tell that they're all trying to figure out how much work, if any, to keep inside. And I think we're -- over the next 3 to 5 years, we're going to continue to see a reduction in space and work and they're going to make some really tough decisions about why they have to do this work at all if they could depend on outside resources. So we -- it's more work to engage with the biotech companies just because there's so many of them. But we do quite well in our relationships with them and they're an important part of our current revenue base and will continue to be in the future.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And I guess the other factor around that trend is just trying to get a better handle of what the implications of better cash-on-hand for a lot of these biotech entities means for the PCS business? So I'm just trying to get a better sense of if there's sort of a thumb rule that Charles River may have in terms of looking at that growth in biotech funding and how that flows through to PCS demand.
James C. Foster: Yes, it's hard to say. In the old days, we used to track the number of companies going public with what our volume was. And you could see that, as the red herrings started to come out, revenue increased. It's much more subtle today. I'd say a lot of the money is coming directly from Big Pharma. So spending is a lot about relationships that they ink with the drug companies and, of course, in any event, whether the money is coming from the capital markets or from Big Pharma, it really all depends on what the pipelines look like. So if they have additional compounds to develop that they weren't developing because money was tight a little while ago, that's obviously very good for us. I'd say on the margin, obviously additional funding sources for the mid-tier comps will be beneficial for us going forward.
Operator: We'll go to Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So Jim, the -- in comparing and contrasting a little bit what we heard from the competitor, it sounded like kind of biotech and maybe particularly small biotech was on the rise and driving demand in RFPs and bookings in Preclinical for tox for them. And while I'm sure large pharma is still a component, no kind of big, strategic market share capture-type deals were the driver of their comments. It kind of sounded like we were finishing June and into July at pretty high levels of demand. Contrasting, it sounds like the ramp of your strategic deals is maybe a bigger contributor to your increase in activity and you're expecting more flat sequential performance in PCS. And so I just wanted to make sure I kind of understand what the background market demand environment looks like between pharma and biotech and are you disproportionately participating on the large side and not the small side, notwithstanding what you just said to Rafael?
James C. Foster: Yes, I would say that, as I just said, that we're participating significantly in both client types. We have won, as is our stated strategy, a positively disproportionate share of the large pharma deals that we have competed for, either pursuant to formal RFPs or informal conversations with clients. So we have aggressively and decidedly gone after them with a view towards building market share and having a disproportionate amount of that work, hopefully for many years. So I think we've been really clear about that. We have been -- we have had a similar strategy with regards to kind of first- and second-tier biotech companies who are well funded, have drugs, many of whom have revenues and profits. We -- they don't have any internal capability but we have a similar opportunity to bid on RFPs and we have won many of those. Two in particular we are the exclusive provider to this client. We are clearly seeing competitors, large and small, be much more aggressive lately. Some have been quite vocal about they're going to get aggressive and go after share. I would say that in some of the smaller relationships, which is maybe how you started the question, some of the smaller clients where we have had extremely aggressive pricing by competitors, we have not gone to the mat and we've stopped at a point where we think any lower will be disadvantageous to our margins and we have let others have that. And as I said earlier, since our space is filling and I -- you'd have to get your own data around our competitors but I think their space is less full than ours, all of them. We're being more selective and have to be more selective then. And I think that's a really good opportunity for a us. So we don't want to turn our back on any client segment and we're trying not to. But probably we have a disproportionate focus on very large pharma and first- and second-tier biotech.
David H. Windley - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. If I can maybe just drill in and understand the sequential. So if you have these 2 announced deals, you obviously, as you said, have more that you're not able to put a name to and are quantifying in the 25% and I think you've commented that you have had wins since the beginning of the year. Help me to understand what about the progression causes the leveling in sequential PCS activity, revenue and margin expectations when it would seem that you are in a position to continue to see that grow? Is there just a pause here? Are you being conservative about where those levels could go? Obviously, I'm just digging for -- it seems like it ought to be sequential improvement, not flat.
James C. Foster: Without commenting on the third quarter, maybe Tom will want to do that, our guidance is 4% to 6% for the Company and a similar range for both segments, which means that we're guiding towards 4% to 6% in PCS, which would be a very nice improvement over the prior year. So we're pleased with the impact that the larger deals that we did last year are having on this year. We're pleased with additional ones that we are getting. Pricing, as I just said, is -- it's competitive. We're holding our own. We're getting a little bit of spot price. I would say some of the bigger deals that we're doing, we're actually pretty pleased with the price. Some are tougher. So the size of the strategic deals, the start-up costs, are definitely putting a little bit of pressure on the margin but we're very positive about our ability to grow that sector, both top line and bottom line. Do you want to expand on that a little bit?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, Dave, I do think that the sales in PCS will be up in the latter part of the year versus the first half. Obviously, we improved sequentially in the second quarter, as you mentioned and we mentioned. And I think sales will probably be a little bit better. I think what's holding back our view a little bit more is that typically in the fourth quarter, especially as you get out to Thanksgiving and beyond that, we do see a little bit of a slowdown in preclinical activity, especially with a lot more of the studies being shorter term where clients just don't start a lot of studies as you get closer and closer to year end. So that's also factored into our outlook for the remainder of the year. So I think it'll be a little bit better, especially when considering that. And as I said, I think the second half will be up nicely over the first half. And as Jim said, overall up 4% to 6% in the segment, which I think is a good number.
Operator: We'll go to John Kreger with William Blair.
Roberto Fatta: This is Robbie Fatta in for John today. A longer-term question on RMS. It sounds like you're communicating that the traditional RMS orders from pharma are declining but those clients are also outsourcing more. So what would you think the long-term unit demand trend is going to look like?
James C. Foster: Well, we -- the -- as the space -- as more space comes offline that will put pressure on units for sure. We've seen a lot of big facilities come offline already. So it's difficult to predict what the future will bring or when that will happen. While units are obviously impactful to us, it's -- so -- the mix of units and the value of units is also critically important, as is pricing, as is -- as are share gain opportunity. So I don't know. It's very difficult for us to give sort of a long-term view of this given our -- the enormity of our share position. But we'll do everything we can to continue to hold and gain share to the extent that the business is available.
Roberto Fatta: Great. And is it reasonable to assume that the pricing dynamics in there are such that you can still get 1% to 2% on an annual basis?
James C. Foster: Yes, we would think so. We get a little more in the U.S., and we get a little less in Europe and we get a little less in Japan. That's a blended -- that's blended number. But yes, we've raised our prices all ways, so have the competition as our cost of production continues -- goes up, cost of labor and things. And yes, the -- we have no indication that clients won't continue to pay more for these valuable research tools.
Operator: And we'll go to Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you break apart the regulator GLP portion of the PCS business from the nonregulated portion? And the reason I ask is one of your large competitors talked about some pressure more in the Discovery piece of the business and I realize that the mix there is a little bit different but I was hoping, if you could just kind of help us understand maybe if there's different trends in the GLP versus the non-GLP side?
James C. Foster: We don't break those out specifically except to say that we're seeing an increase in both. It's shared gains for the safety -- regulated safety assessment work. It's also more work coming outside. Of course, some of that could be shared gains. On the non-GLP work, we have a greater focus on that. Clients are getting more comfortable outsourcing that work. Historically, that's been work they've held much closer to the vest. So this is new but both in our in vivo pharmacology work and for the classic non-GLP stuff we have seen a continued uptick and we would -- I would believe that, that would continue in both sectors.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if we just think about the regulated side, I realize that share gains are a big part of your growth there. Do you think that the market overall is growing as well?
James C. Foster: It's a very difficult question to answer because of the pricing dynamic. So it's actually possible that the volume is increasing and it's tough to tell. I guess the best answer to that is it doesn't matter to us. By that I mean that, of the total pie, depending on who's numbers are accurate -- let's say 45% to 50% is currently outsourced. That means double the amount of work that's currently outsourced to all the CROs is still available for us to get. And then you have to parse it and determine how much of that will be outsourced. We've historically said we think the clients will get up to 75%. I think it could be higher, by the way. But let's be conservative about that and say 75%. There's s a lot of market share opportunity for us to get even if the whole pie doesn't grow. So while I get your question, we're much more focused on the amount of work that will come outside and the rate at which it will come outside and, of course, the prices and the mix of work that will come outside.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Tsao with Barclays.
Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just in terms of RMS, just curious in terms of your expectations for the Vital River acquisition and the contribution because it sounds like it's going very well. Do you expect that to sort of grow sequentially through the rest of the year?
James C. Foster: We would. As you said, we're very pleased with it. It's a totally different market than the rest of the world. It's nascent. We're almost going back in time to -- we're going to reeducate the market from scratch. There's obviously a very big investment in life sciences and not a very sophisticated understanding of the critical nature of high-quality research models. So we're very pleased with the performance, both the revenue growth and the margin. It's ahead of our acquisition plan. As we continue to expand that business and don't see other commercial competitors in that space, yes, I think we'll continue to sequentially grow.
Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And is that a comparable margin -- is that an accretive margin to the RMS segment?
Thomas F. Ackerman: It's pretty close, Doug. It's pretty close.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I think that in response to one of the questions, you said that 25% of total revenue are associated with strategic deals. Can you clarify further what percent of PCS revenues are associated with revenues that are coming from your strategic partners?
James C. Foster: We don't -- we haven't broken it out that way, Ricky, and we don't have -- really have any desire to do that at the current time. That 25% number is important. They -- most of these deals have started with either safety assessments or non-GLP work as the conversation that we've had with the clients. They want to outsource that. That's usually what the bidding process is about. We've been highly successful in getting those deals. Then we have kind of a large grid that we put across all of our products and services that allows them to get the benefits, from pricing point of view, of additional volume. So we actually think that the clients utilization of the whole portfolio is really critical. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we've had several large drug companies just in the last quarter talk to us about the fact that they're reducing their research partners, in one case from several thousand and another case from several hundred, down to 20 or less, with us being 1 of the 20 or less. And of course that means that they're looking at their total spend and of course they buy a whole range of things from us. So sorry for not breaking it out the way you asked the question but safety assessment is a critical part of that 25%, for sure, usually the catalyst that starts the conversation but it allows us to have a bigger conversation with the client.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then on the pricing side, just curious. Obviously, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that there's some small number of competitors that you're seeing some more aggressive pricing from. So are you referring to larger competitors? Or is it more kind of like the smaller niche players?
James C. Foster: I would say in the last quarter or so it's been pretty much all of our competitors have been vocal in saying that they're going to aggressively go after business to take share. Obviously that's related to their capacity situations, which I suspect are not as full as ours. As we also said earlier, depending on the need -- depending on the client, depending on whether it's a current client of ours or one who we think is large and important to us going forward or one that we just think we have to make a determination not to continue to join in that aggressive bidding, where we have passed on several of those in the past quarter. Just we -- we just haven't played. And in certain instances, as I said, in order to hold share or to get share with large clients we don't have it -- we have also responded in kind. Having said that, I would say the whole pricing modality right now is reasonably rational and it's pretty much on the edges and pretty much primarily related to smaller clients that they've gone after.
Operator: And we'll go to Shaun Rodriguez with Cowen and Company.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You called out the France, Korea and India facilities in your prepared remarks. Can you just talk about the expectations there, how and really when those might impact incremental margins on the RMS side? And I'm really thinking more of the 12- to 18-month outlook and about whether -- anything about the expected mix of business in those facilities that would be notable with regard to margin contribution expectations?
James C. Foster: These are really small laboratory facilities related to our Accugenix business. So we want to have a local place to do the lab work before we send the results to our library to determine the species of microbial identification that they're focusing on. So they should have no impact on margins. They're very small and they should actually help the top line and the bottom line of the Accugenix business for us. So the -- you should look at those positively.
Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, just I think sort of a higher level, you continue to be open about your interest in M&A as part of the capital allocation strategy. So I guess I'd just be interested in your views on the M&A opportunity funnel in terms of the quality of the available assets, valuations and then maybe a bit more color on the areas in which you're particularly interested? I think you noticed outsourced discovery and EMD but any additional color on really particular areas within those that are of interest would be great.
James C. Foster: Activity is really robust right now. We're seeing a lot. I would say we're seeing a lot of high-quality targets in terms of potential growth rates, quality of technology. Most of these would give us additional technology capability. Some of them are geographic but most of them, the focus is continuing to move us upstream, enhancing some of our current businesses and adding additional capabilities, which I'm not going to get too specific on. A lot of these companies are venture owned, so I think the price expectations are high. Having said that, we intend only to pay appropriate and rational price points for them. I think a lot of these investors have been in these companies for a relatively long period of time so I think we're optimistic about our opportunities to be successful through M&A. Having said that, you never know until a deal is done and until we're deep in due diligence. So we think that's a very important part of our growth strategy going forward and we think it's critical for us to continue to expand the portfolio and have it be more unique and hopefully provide some technology to our clients that not only no competitor has but we'd like to provide technology to our clients that they've never heard of or seen before that will allow them to both accelerate and improve the drug development process.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Robert P. Jones - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, I just had -- at this point, just had 2 housekeeping questions around RMS. Tom, I know there were a few acquisitions in there that might affect the year-over-year comp. Did you give the organic growth rate? Sorry if I missed that. And then just on margins within RMS. I know you guys had talked a lot about this with the sequential tick down there. I was just wondering if you could provide any color just around how we should be thinking about the impact from pricing versus mix versus margin profile of recent acquisitions within RMS?
Thomas F. Ackerman: We didn't say anything specifically about Q2. What we had said about the full year was the acquisitions, which we had said would do a 1 to 1-plus-percent contribution to the top line were actually doing a little bit better than that is what we said in that regard. In terms of the margin in RMS, I would say that overall, the margin's being impacted negatively by the trends in the legacy model sales, so the small animal models, which is still a key driver in margin there, still a good percentage of the overall RMS sales. And more or less as those go, so goes the margin. So really what's been putting some pressure on the margin has been the trend in the unit sales of the legacy models. We did mention specifically in the second quarter that we did have an insurance reimbursement in the second quarter of '12, 2012, because of the tsunami in Japan. So that kind of creates a little bit of a year-over-year one-off when looking at the numbers but, other than that, we didn't say anything else.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group. And speakers, actually I'll turn it back to you for closing comments.
Susan E. Hardy: That does conclude our comments today. We'll be looking forward to speaking to you in the near future and thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Shaun Rodriguez Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Miss Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2013 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our first quarter results and review guidance for 2013. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844. The access code in either case is 288102. The replay will be available through May 16. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to, those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2013, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our first quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of $291 million in the first quarter of 2013. This was 1.8% above the previous year and excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, a 2.8% increase in constant currency. Growth was driven primarily by the PCS segment, which increased 6% in constant currency from the previous year. The RMS segment gained 1% in constant currency over the prior year. And as expected, sales were significantly higher than the seasonally weak fourth quarter. Also as expected, the restrained spending, which we noted in the fourth quarter of 2012, continued in the first quarter as our large biopharmaceutical clients finalized budgets and set spending priorities for the year. RMS was the primarily driver of the 90-basis-point year-over-year consolidated operating margin decline to 16.8% from 17.7% in the first quarter of 2012. I would remind you that the RMS operating margin was 33.3% in the first quarter of last year, one of the highest levels we have achieved during our tenure as a public company. At 31.5% in the first quarter of 2013, we were pleased with the RMS operating margin and also with the PCS margin, which improved 170 basis points year-over-year to 10.6.%. We continue to implement initiatives through our profit -- through our performance improvement plan in order to improve operating efficiency. In 2013, our efforts are primarily focused on projects in the areas of procurement, IT, energy, discretionary spending, preclinical study management and sales productivity. There are also a number of smaller projects at multiple sites that are in the process of implementation. We are making significant progress in procurement through the implementation of our e-auction process early in the first quarter and have implemented new key performance indicators to enhance our ability to monitor sales efforts. As we stated when we provided guidance, we expect all of these projects to generate approximately $20 million in additional annualized operating income in 2013. Earnings per diluted share were $0.69 in the first quarter of 2013, compared to $0.70 in the first quarter of 2012. We generated slightly less operating income as a result of lower-than-expected sales. We continued our intense focus on management of our cost structure with a benefit from our performance improvement plan, mostly offsetting the cost increases from compensation and inflation. We continued to return value to shareholders in the first quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 157,000 shares or $6.5 million. We are reiterating our sales and EPS guidance for 2013, although we are adjusting sales guidance to reflect the negative impact from foreign exchange. We continue to expect constant currency sales growth in a range between 4% and 6%, with both RMS and PCS segments in that range. Sales growth is expected to be driven by successful targeted sales efforts, which are enabling us to gain market share, as well as the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River, which are both performing ahead of plan. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance remains in the range of $2.80 to $2.90 or about 4% growth at the midpoint. As we discussed when we gave guidance in December, earnings growth in 2013 will be moderated by compensation cost and inflation, as well as cost incurred in relation to new strategic relationships. As was the case in the fourth quarter of 2012, our first quarter results reflect both the opportunities and challenges which characterize our end markets today. These contradictory forces are illustrative of the significant changes taking place in the biopharmaceutical industry. On the one hand, our global biopharmaceutical clients are continuing to streamline the cost of drug development, which has resulted in a reduction of therapeutic areas and the elimination of molecules earlier in the process, as well as closure of capacity and reduced headcount and, therefore, a reduction in unit sales of research models worldwide. Some of these clients are also continuing to allocate more resources to clinical development, as they attempt to offset the loss of revenues due to patent expiration. On the other hand, their efforts to streamline operations and improve operating efficiency are leading to more opportunities for preclinical outsourcing, and we are executing our strategy to gain as much market share as possible in this window of opportunity. I'd like to provide you details on the first quarter segment results. RMS segment sales were $182.5 million or a 1% gain in constant currency. And on a sequential basis, RMS sales increased by 6.2% from the seasonally soft fourth quarter. Year-over-year the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River contributed approximately 3.5% to total RMS sales in the first quarter, in line with our guidance that each would contribute approximately 1% to total company sales. The impact was less sequentially because Accugenix was already included in the fourth quarter. In addition to the acquisition, the Endotoxin and Microbial Detection business, or EMD, contributed significantly to sales growth but was offset primarily by continued soft sales of research models to large biopharmaceutical clients. The RMS operating margin was 31.5%, a decline of 180 basis points from the first quarter of 2012, but a sequential increase of 420 basis points from the fourth quarter. As I said, the comparison to the first quarter of last year was unfavorable in part because at 33.3%, last year's first quarter margin was exceptional as a result of higher sales in nearly all RMS business units. We were pleased with the first quarter operating margin and are continuing to implement efficiency initiatives, which we believe will enable us to maintain the operating margin at or above the 30% level. The largest RMS sales contribution in the first quarter came from our EMD business. The EMD business delivered an outstanding performance, with year-over-year sales growth in excess of 20%, including the addition of Accugenix. The PTS franchise continued to perform exceptionally well as a result of our identification and penetration of new niche markets with the PCS and MCS. These machines are becoming increasingly embedded in our clients manufacturing processes because of the accurate and timely results and the ease of use. As I mentioned, Accugenix is performing ahead of our plan. With the benefit of the larger Charles River sales force and our broader access to clients, Accugenix is reaching a bigger audience than it was able to do on its own. I noted last quarter that we are strategically expanding our testing facilities so that clients in countries other than the U.S. can have their microbial identification testing performed in one of our labs situated closer to them. For those clients who prefer in-house testing, in partnership with a hardware manufacturer, we are providing a solution that enables a client to perform its own testing. This is consistent with our approach to structure our relationship with clients flexibly and in the manner which suits their individual needs. We intended to continue investing in both product extension and acquisitions like the Accugenix in order to enhance our ability to support our client's manufacturing processes because we believe that execution of this strategy will advance our position as the market leader in Endotoxin and Microbial Detection and enable us to continue to drive growth for the EMD business. Sales of research models clearly demonstrated the impact of the challenges and opportunities I mentioned. Our global biopharmaceutical clients are significantly reducing their purchases of research models as they rationalize capacity, which is no longer needed due to industry consolidation, elimination of therapeutic areas, rationalization of pipelines or a combination all of all 3. And as we successfully win more strategic relationships with these clients, sales of models, which formerly were reported as production sales, are shifting to service sales. In addition, the first quarter started even more slowly than expected due to our global biopharmaceutical clients' budget prioritization process. In the first quarter, sales of research models to academic and government clients in the U.S. were unchanged from the prior year. Sequestration did not appear to have a material impact in the quarter. Based on discussions with the NIH and some of our NIH-funded clients, we have been notified that there could be some holdback of spending going forward. However, we have also been told by many of these clients that the 8.2% spending cut for NIH does not apply to critical animal care-related functions. Contract changes to date are expected to have an impact of less than $3 million annually in 2013. The impact of sequestration is primarily a modest reduction in small model volume and restrictions on filling open positions in some of our in-sourcing solutions contracts. Sales of models to government clients carry a lower margin in commercial sales, so the impact would be less significant to the operating margin. Sales of research model services also declined in the first quarter due in part to the expiration of 2 long-term contracts for certain services in Europe at the end of 2012. These contracts represented approximately $5.5 million in annual revenues. And as a result of the expirations, we closed a small facility in France in the fourth quarter of 2012 and are in the process of winding down another facility in Germany. Reducing our infrastructure is helping us to maintain the operating margin despite lower sales. Both the contract expirations and site closures were anticipated in our 2013 guidance and were expected to be more than offset by a net 1% to 2% price increase for research models and market share gains in all 3 clients segments: global biopharma, mid-tier and academic and government. Discovery Research Services, or DRS, also contributed to the decline in research model services in the first quarter. The decline was against difficult comps because the first quarter of 2012 was very strong for this business. The slow start for many of our biopharmaceutical clients in 2012, as well as the unevenness of discovery work in general, led to the decline. We believe sales will improve throughout the year because ongoing discussions with our clients reinforced their intentions to outsource additional discovery services, and we believe we are extremely well positioned to be the partner of choice for this work. Our expertise in, in vivo discovery is well known, in particularly, our proficiency in the key therapeutic areas of oncology and CNS, which have enabled us to win strategic relationships. Our tireless sales efforts and market share gains are clearly visible in the PCS segment sales, which increased 6% in constant currency to $108.7 million. The strategic relationships we have established, both with global biopharmaceutical client and with the large and mid-tier client, are generating higher sales. As we build each working relationships and embed ourselves in our clients' processes, we become a trusted part of their team. This encourages the clients to place more work with us for 3 reasons: first, because outsourcing is essential to their ability to improve operating efficiency and productivity, so they are focused on finding additional outsourcing opportunities; second, because they are impressed with the breadth and depth of our scientific expertise and the range of our capabilities; and third, because the pricing structure of these relationships promotes placement of additional work. Volume discounts have historically been a feature of our pricing structure, and that is still the case. As a result of the strategic relationships, which represented approximately 25% of total company revenue at the end of 2012, we have better visibility. The PCS operating margin increased 170 basis points to 10.6% in the first quarter of 2013 from 8.9% in the first quarter of last year. The biopharmaceutical services business, or BPS, which had an extremely weak first quarter in 2012, improved year-over-year. However, it still exerted approximately 120-basis-point drag on a sequential operating margin. As it did last year, we expect the BPS business to improve in the second quarter, and we also expect stable to improving capacity utilization to benefit the PCS operating margin. Capacity utilization has improved year-over-year, with 2 of our facilities continuing to operate at or above the optimal 85% level. The drug research and development market is still undergoing tremendous change, as global biopharmaceutical companies streamline their operation in an effort to improve the productivity and cost efficiency of the drug development processes. Outsourcing has become essential to their success, a fact which almost all of them recognize and have embraced to different degrees. Discussions concerning additional strategic relationships are continuing, as our clients grapple with the logistics of how and what to outsource. We believe it's critical to participate in that process now, so our strategy is focused on positioning Charles River as a preferred partner for outsourced early-stage drug discovery and development products and services. To that end, we are strengthening our existing capabilities and identifying adjacencies and other opportunities, which will enhance our portfolio and enable us to support a broader segment of our clients' early-stage drug development efforts. Targeted acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy, and we are actively accessing opportunities in order to find assets, both upstream and geographic, which are a sound financial and strategic fit. Vital River is one example of the type of acquisition we are seeking. A strong business operating in a market with excellent growth prospects. Vital River fits exceptionally well with our existing research model business, expanding our geographic reach and giving us the opportunity to utilize our expertise to help set the standards for models in one of the largest markets for pharmaceuticals in the world. We have also invested in upgrading some of our facilities in order to provide more capabilities and space to take on additional work. Our BPS business opened a new facility in the second quarter of 2013, and our RADS business has been operating in its new facility for nearly 1 year. The RADS business has been performing exceptionally well due to new business wins; new service offerings, such as molecular diagnostic; and improved efficiency due to revised workflow, which the new facility made possible. We are increasing collaboration across our business units in order to leverage the capabilities of our unique portfolio. We have extensive scientific expertise embedded in our organization and early-stage capabilities which are unmatched by other preclinical CROs. We have worked to unlock that value through a series of actions over the last 5 years and believe our success in those efforts has been one of the drivers that has enabled us to present clients with a superior value proposition that enables them to outsource services, which they formally maintain in-house, without compromising science and with improved time frames. Today, we differentiate ourselves by our broad early-stage portfolio, which is unique in the CRO universe; our extensive scientific expertise; our attention to client service; our best-in-class data systems and portals; and our ability to structure creative, flexible solutions that support our clients' goals of reducing the costs and improving the productivity of drug development. We are dedicating ourselves to executing our strategy and continuing to return value to shareholders. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and to our shareholders for their support. Now I'd like Tom Ackerman to give you the first quarter financials results in detail.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. Our first quarter performance reflects a continuation of the restrained client spending that we experienced at the end of 2012, primarily related to large biopharmaceutical clients. This trend has a slightly greater impact than we previously expected, which pressured RMS results in the first quarter, particularly demand for small research models and Discovery Research Services. RMS sales increased 1% on a constant currency basis, and the operating margin declined to 31.5% after an extremely robust performance in the first quarter of 2012. In addition, foreign exchange became a more meaningful headwind than we previously forecast in February. FX reduced reported RMS sales growth by 1.4% in the first quarter or by $2.5 million but only had a small impact on the PCS segment. This was primarily driven by the strengthening of the yen. Sales in Japan represent approximately 7% of total annual sales and our generated almost exclusively in the RMS segment. PCS results were essentially in line with our prior outlook as we continue to benefit from market share gains and intensified outsourcing activities by certain clients. The PCS segment reported 6% year-over-year sales growth and an operating margin of 10.6%. As Jim mentioned, the biopharmaceutical services businesses within PCS started off slowly in the first quarter as clients prioritized budgets and new projects at the beginning of the year. However, we expect this business to improve in the second quarter as it did last year. The impact of the soft BPS performance reduced the sequential PCS operating margin by approximately 120 basis points in the first quarter when compared to the fourth quarter PCS margin of 12.1%. First quarter EPS of $0.69 was $0.01 below the first quarter of 2012. The EPS decline was primarily driven by lower operating income in the RMS segment. Other factors that impacted first quarter EPS include a sequential increase in the average diluted share count due primarily to dilution from option exercises and a higher stock price. We continue to anticipate repurchasing between 1 million and 1.5 million shares in 2013 but were below this run rate in the first quarter of the year. The unfavorable share count resulted in a $0.01 reduction to EPS in the first quarter compared to our prior expectations. This was offset by other income, which was favorable in the quarter. Turning to nonoperating items. I'll begin with unallocated corporate costs. These costs increased by $0.4 million year-over-year to $20.1 million, primarily reflecting annual cost increases across several expense categories. Historically, unallocated corporate costs trend higher than the first half of the year before moderating in the second half. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be at approximately 6% of sales for the full year. Net interest expense was $4.4 million in the first quarter, which was flat sequentially and consistent with our expectations of between $17 million and $19 million for 2013. As I mentioned, other income was favorable at $1.1 million in the first quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 26.7% in the first quarter, increasing 10 basis points year-over-year and approximately 600 basis points sequentially from the exceptionally low rate in the fourth quarter. You may recall that the fourth quarter rate declined as a result of discrete tax benefits in the period. Our first quarter tax rate was within our guidance range for the year, which we continue to expect will be a non-GAAP tax rate of 26.5% to 27.5% for 2013. I will now provide an update on cash flow and our capital priorities. Free cash flow in the first quarter was $23.5 million compared to $11.2 million last year. Free cash flow benefited from lower capital expenditures, which declined by $7.7 million year-over-year to $6.4 million. The lower CapEx is largely reflective of the timing of projects, and our CapEx guidance remains at approximately $50 million for the year. Although stronger than in the same period last year, the first quarter is typically the weakest for cash flow generation, and we are on track to achieve free cash flow of $165 million to $175 million in 2013. Our capital priorities in 2013 remain focused on a balance of stock repurchases, debt repayment and targeted acquisitions. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 157,000 shares for $6.5 million. As of March 30, we had $48.4 million outstanding under our stock repurchase authorization. Our debt repayment activities in 2013 will be primarily focused on the pending maturity of the $350 million, of 2.25% convertible notes due in June. We are finalizing the financing plans with our bank group and plan to provide more details when the financing arrangements have been completed, which should be within the next month. Our goal is to keep the interest rate low. We continue to evaluate acquisition candidates to compliment our early-stage portfolio. As you know, we completed the acquisition of Vital River in January to enter the research models and services market in China. Combined with Accugenix, which we acquired last August, acquisitions contributed approximately 350 basis points to RMS sales growth on a year-over-year basis. The integration of these acquisitions is progressing well, and each transaction is slightly ahead of our plan. As Jim discussed, we are reaffirming our 2013 guidance of constant currency sales growth in a range of 4% to 6% and a non-GAAP EPS in a range of $2.80 to $2.90. We updated our reported sales guidance to 3% to 5% growth to reflect the recent fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, particularly for the Japanese yen. We now expect foreign exchange to reduce reported sales growth by approximately 1% in 2013 compared to our previous outlook of a negligible impact. FX is expected to be a greater headwind for the RMS segment as a result of the exposure to the yen. Our outlook for the second quarter calls for flat to slightly higher consolidated sales and EPS compared to the first quarter of 2013. By segment, RMS sales are expected to be flat to slightly lower on a sequential basis, but we intend to maintain the RMS operating margin near the first quarter level through our continued focus on managing costs and production levels commensurate with demand. We expect lower sequential sales of small models in the second quarter but expect this to be largely offset by a continued growth in our EMD business. As a reminder, the prior year RMS sales comparisons ease for the remaining 3 quarters in 2013. And as a result, we expect meaningful improvement in the year-over-year RMS growth rates beginning in the second quarter. Looking at the PCS segment in the second quarter, we believe that both PCS sales and the operating margin will improve modestly from first quarter levels as new and renewed strategic client relationships continue to gain traction. In addition, we also expect the sequential improvement in the BPS margin after the slow start in the first quarter. Other nonoperating items in aggregate are not expected to have a meaningful impact on EPS in the second quarter. Unallocated corporate expense is expected to decline slightly from the first quarter, and we are not forecasting the same favorability in other income that we reported in the first quarter. Although spending from large biopharmaceutical clients were slower than expected to start the year, we continue to manage through these challenges and are pleased that the fundamental outlook of our business remains largely unchanged for the year. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. Lola, would you please take questions now?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll go to line of Dave Windley with Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So Jim, as you've touched on the quarter got off to a little slower start than you expected. You've also touched on some of the impact, potential impact from sequester and a little bit stronger yen FX headwind. I guess the bottom line I'm looking for here is, what gives you confidence that you can still keep the full year EPS guidance in light of those kind of incremental impacts from the last update we got from you?
James C. Foster: It's a combination of factors. We clearly saw a more protracted sorting out process in the first quarter than we had seen otherwise. But clearly, people are back to work and have engaged with us in terms of giving us clearer delineation of what the needs will be for the rest of the year. We have a fair number of strategic deals, both multiyear, single year and sort of order by order, that we continue to win and are kicking in. Some started from last year, some started in the middle of last year, some are starting now. We also have some share gains, contractual share gains, specific client share gains in the core animal business. We also have indications that our discovery business will continue to be strong. Obviously, EMD continues to be sort of a rock in all of this. And with the acquisitions continuing to perform slightly ahead of the acquisition plan, which was quite positive, we feel the collection of all of those facts, with very modest impact from sequestration, which I think a lot of people are concerned about, should hold us in good stead. We also enjoyed a nice uptick in the mid-tier clients in the first quarter. We think that will continue to be a solid source of sales growth for us.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So Tom, on the refinancing, you touched on -- you mentioned goal is to preserve a low interest rate. I guess, I'm curious if we need to anticipate that the culmination of that refinancing would prompt an adjustment to guidance following that?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I don't think it would be material, Dave. So we've been working most closely with our bank group and leveraging the credit facility as much as we can. And so I do think that relative to where the convert rate is and what we think we can do and overall with markets and structure, we're still comfortable at this point that we wouldn't have a negative impact.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wondering if you can kind of talk through your thoughts on the RMS trends from here? I mean, I know organic growth is down a bit in the quarter, and if you could just give us some geographic color there that would be helpful for the RMS business?
James C. Foster: I presume you're talking about the core model?
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Correct.
James C. Foster: So certainly, it's been affected by these major consolidations, as we said, causing a unit reduction, sort of the offset of that is the increasing demand for preclinical. So that's kind of the present legacy of the consolidations, which I suspect will continue. Having said that, we're continuing to just take share pretty much across the globe in our research model business. We are going to get 1% to 2% price, which is sticking. We have won some business, some contractual business with some clients that we didn't have last year. So -- and a lot of that business is about the mix. So we continue to feel obviously very good about that business and the margins, it will contribute. I would say that the impact, at least in the first quarter, was pretty much global. So you're seeing facility consolidations and restructuring from therapeutic area. Realignments, certainly worldwide. There are big drug companies, although there's a relatively small number left, so the dozen or so big drug companies are situated across the globe. Our feeling for the rest of the year is that, that segment will be -- will continue to be solid and kind of continue in the vein that it is now subject to the caveat that we have taken share in it, that we have won some of these contracts. So I wouldn't expect it to be significantly different than we've -- than you've seen other from a volume point of view or margin.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I think last quarter you had called out particular strength in Japan for that business. Does that continue to hold up?
James C. Foster: For the first quarter Japan was similar to the U.S. and Europe. So we did see a global situation there. There were specific client issues, which are actually too specific get into. But we have several large clients who are in the process of renovating large facilities and we're supposed to open them in the first quarter. One of those was a very big Japanese client, which had a lot to do with the impact in that locale, but, yes, it really was worldwide in the first quarter.
Operator: Next we'll go to line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Jim, just I'm kind of curious about the pacing in the quarter of kind of the incremental headwinds that you experienced. And I guess, the one thing that kind of puzzles me is the last update we got from you was kind of mid-February and today, we're hearing that kind of Q1 started out more slowly than you expected. I guess, I would have thought that would have been sort of apparent in mid-February. And maybe the question that's kind of embedded in here is, is do you feel like you have a timely visibility into kind of the trends in that business?
James C. Foster: Yes. We definitely had a slower start to the quarter than we anticipated, although we did guide to the fact that we thought that the first quarter would start slowly, because we were seeing really restrained decision-making and spending by our clients in the fourth quarter. And what's happened, I would say, over the last few years, but particularly pronounced this year was the decision-making process and the allocation of work internally versus externally. And yes, we saw that in January, but we didn't know how the rest of the quarter would fair or how much of a change we'll be seeing. So February was a better month and March was also -- we just think that there was a fair amount of dislocation with clients not having their budgets done, and an unusual amount of clients actually not having their research facilities even open during parts of January. So it was just more sluggish than usual. They're definitely back to work. I think the predictability is quite good for the rest of the year given historical trends, given the market share gains, given the pricing impact and given how close we are to our clients. So yes, I think we have a very good ability to forecast and guide for the rest of the year.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And did you win any new strategic relationships this quarter?
James C. Foster: Just thinking. I think we did. Again, let me redefine them. We have several multi-year deals, one -- we announced 2, 1 by name and as we've indicated, the continual announcement of them will be complicated and probably unclear. So we're going to try to continue to size it for you in terms of total percentage of revenue. But yes, we won some large amounts of work. Some of it will be annually based. Some of it will be -- one situation I can think of, we're now the preferred provider for a client, which was a very arduous bidding process. Most of them are these days. So yes, we're continuing to win a fair amount of share of both business that was never available to any of us. So clients work that was embedded internally that's now available for bid that we've been winning, and we also have a couple of instances where we have taken share directly from the competition, where we never had it at all. So our stated goal and strategy and focus on winning share, particularly those instances where there will be multi-year deals to the exclusion of the competition, those are critically important, and we're continuing to work hard to win those. And what happens most of the time with the larger deals is we get additional business across our entire portfolio because it's a value benefit to our clients of buying across the portfolio.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Adam Noble calling for Bob. I just want to, I guess, ask around pricing and specifically in the PCS, definitely seems to be somewhat weak on both revenue and margin. I'm wondering if pricing had anything to do with that, and if you can just give an update on overall pricing across the industry.
James C. Foster: Just, I guess, our answer to that would be twofold. One, price definitely depends on mix. So we can get a benefit from that. Our mix of specialty work tends to be higher than the competition. We did see throughout North America about a 1% price increase. That's kind of a culmination of capacity utilization improving. As we said in the prepared remarks, we have a couple of sites at or exceeding our 85% goal, which means that facility -- those facilities are very, very efficient right now. I would say industry pricing is pretty much holding steady. We won some work in the first quarter, where we were not the lowest price point. We were not the lowest bidder. So clients are very cognizant of the importance of science and delivering their work on time and regulatory prowess and IT interface. So price continues to be important for sure. Our clients are waiting a little bit longer to start studies, paying a little bit more, I mean, 1% is just a little bit more, but we are seeing that. And I think that we're also seeing clients utilize multiple facilities of ours. So the value proposition should continue to improve as we fill sites. We've used the hotel analogy multiple times, our ability to locate the client's work and the facilities where we have capacity available will be very beneficial to the margins. So have to predict where pricing is going, except I think it's pretty clear that as all of the CROs continue to fill this space and as many of the large biopharmaceutical clients continue to reduce their space, that there will be some pricing opportunities for sure, as our mix of specialty versus general toxicology work, let's say, balances out. And we have had some historical situations where there was more specialty work, but even balancing out, that improves the pricing proposition as well. So starting to see a glimmer of it. And obviously, we'll continue to work hard to get price wherever we can.
Adam Noble - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great, that's definitely helpful. And just with regards to, I guess, the overall preclinical capacity, where would you say the market is right now? And how much further do you expect it to go over the next, let's say, 12 months or so before you start to see a meaningful uptick in pricing from a reduction in capacity?
James C. Foster: So it's -- I'll answer it, but it's a little bit of an imponderable, and we don't know for sure. But probably I guess now is that if the industry is in the high 60s, maybe closer to 70%, we're higher than that -- we don't give the exact number. We know that some of our competitors have taken out more space. We know -- I know one smaller competitor that's totally full. So I think everybody's space is filling slowly. Ours certainly is. That's very good for the industry's collective strength and even individual's strength, vis--vis, having leverage with our clients to be paid, if I can use this term more properly for the value of the work that we're doing, because we obviously don't like the price point. And the other thing that we mentioned in our prepared remarks, which is really, really important to us is that I can't -- we can only speak for Charles River obviously, is we're spending a lot of time trying to drive efficiency, and that will be a benefit to how we use the space, how we allocate it and the ultimate value proposition and the pricing that we get. So space will continue to fill for sure. It would be shocking if anybody began to build new space, so I don't think we're going to see that. Maybe people will open small amounts of space that they've closed previously. I think that would be fine. And obviously, the major impact on capacity utilization is incremental work that was never available to any of us as the clients continue to shut down space. And we're obviously seeing that given that our sales were up 6%, there's a lot of pure growth in that, both market share from competition and new business that's now available.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Jim, kind of a longer-term speculative question for you. When you talk your clients about their strategic goals over the next couple of years, are you getting any sense about when they might start to tilt resources back to early development and discovery work versus the kind of later-stage tilt that we've seen over the last 3 or so years?
James C. Foster: Yes. The answer to that is pretty much all over the place. We had several clients, large pharma clients over the last, I'd say, 6 months, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, particularly at the end of last year when we were trying to put our budget to bed, made a point clearly of indicating that they were reemphasizing spending in discovery, in early development, in developing some of the compounds that had been languishing. And acknowledging the fact that they had 2 ways to fill the gap that they've seen from drugs rolling off patent. And one is obviously, to drive drugs in the clinic through the clinic and to the market, if possible, but also the necessity to invest in early discovery, in early development, or they were going to have significant gap. So we had several that said that, we have several that said they understood that they needed to get back there, but were still emphasizing spending in the clinic. And I think we're seeing that with some of the work that's being externalized in some of the clinical CROs. But tough to predict, but I would guess based upon the comments we've heard from several of them that we would continue to hear more of that over time as they acknowledge the necessity really to generate more hits that ultimately will be lead compound.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And Tom, a quick follow-up. It sounds like you expect some degree of impact from sequestration. If you look at your academic and government work on the RMS side, what's the sort of impact that you're now baking into your expectations for '13 over the next 3 quarters?
James C. Foster: As we said, we -- as of now, we -- indications are we're -- that we have some government contracts where we're not being able to refill jobs, that's having a very small impact on us. We had 1 contract that didn't renew that was quite small. So as we indicated, we're actually -- we have an annualized forecasted impact of less than $3 million. As we've always said, Research Models are a vital research tool, not high-ticket items. And any significant cutback would really hurt research across the board. We think what we've seen is trimming. We don't anticipate that it will be a lot higher than that. I suppose it could be slightly more, but we just don't think, given the nature of the relationships that we have, contractual relationships we have and the nature of our client base. And by the way, the amount of our government and academic work that's not U.S. that we should have any material impact from this.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Rafael Tejada with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick one on the academic and government customer base. During the prepared remarks, you noted that basically you're looking for a modest reduction in small model volume. I'm wondering if there's also -- do you expect there to be a mix shift in terms of the types of models that are being ordered by your academic and government customers?
James C. Foster: No, I wouldn't think so. So a lot of the government work we have is contractual, where we actually breed animals for the government. And it's a whole host of different strain and species, and those go out to NIH-funded research all over the country. So as we've said, we're seeing sort of modest impact on headcounts and stuff there. But I wouldn't think there would be any shift in those models nor would we think that there would be a shift in our commercial production that we sell into the academic and government marketplace. I mean, animal sales would be heavily in the inbred strains and in the immunocompromised strains, where they're doing a lot of specialty work and a lot of -- we sell a lot of animals to the National Cancer Institute, for instance. So a lot of the oncology work and infectious disease work would require models like that. So I wouldn't think that it would have any discernible impact on the mix of the models that we sell.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And in terms of the recent M&A, it sounds like, as you mentioned, things are ahead of schedule. So I'm just wondering if current guidance is, I guess, changing in terms of the anticipated amount of contribution for the full year. Or are you expecting a little bit more now for the full year?
Thomas F. Ackerman: In regard to the acquisitions?
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Thomas F. Ackerman: No, not at this point in time. I mean, we had factored Accugenix in, in our December call and then we updated a little bit the Vital River coming into January. So we'd like to see them outperform, but at this particular point in time, and while we already mentioned that they're at plan or slightly ahead. At this point in time, we wouldn't make that call.
Rafael Tejada - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just quickly, any updates on the Nexus launch for this year?
James C. Foster: Only that we're working hard on it, sort of we've alpha and beta tested the technology. We have it teed up for back half of the year. We have several clients, several large clients who are quite interested in it. Some are placing orders. So pretty much no change from the last time we indicated when we get that launch. So interest is building in having that capability to utilize more cartridges and do more work with lower labor component.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Vijay for Ross. Just wanting maybe to start off with the big picture question. Jim, you mentioned a strategic deal that now accounted for 25% of the company revenues. Can you give us a sense of what it was in 2011, and where do you think this can go over the next 2 years?
James C. Foster: I wish we could.
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Or I guess, I mean, if the trend is -- I mean, everyone is talking of strategic deals.
James C. Foster: I mean, for the year before it's going to be way below 20%. And since we have so many of these in conversation and we are prevailing in the large majority of them, I certainly think we can get another 5 percentage points on that, maybe get to 30% in the next year or so. It's tough to say except I would say all the drug companies, even the ones that were initially kind of resistant to this kind of outsourcing and said, "yes, we're really better at that stuff than you, and yes, it's not that much of a call center," every drug company is really focusing on streamlining their cost, some more aggressively than others. And as we roll out new services and as we get the story out there, because you have to really spend a lot of time with those senior scientists to get them comfortable, we're seeing people say, okay, that's something that we're comfortable, outsourcing. So a lot of -- I think, a lot of our M&A will continue to be focused upstream and in therapeutic areas, growth and development and additional technologies and even some geographic moves. Our goal is to be able to offload, have the clients offload that work to us. So the predictability is a little bit difficult. But I see no reason why we can't grow in '14 and '15 the way we grew in '12 and the way we started to grow in '13.
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then switching to PCS and tox, it looks like, for the last few quarters, you've been doing relatively better than your largest competitor. What do you think that you're doing right, which is driving this outperformance? I guess, I mean, if you compare '11 to '12, there's been a significant change in the revenue trajectory, but also that's been reflected in the margins. I mean, is this just a pricing game now, or is there something else that's going on out there, which has caused driving that better revenue performance?
James C. Foster: As we always say, the clients are acknowledging our scientific depth and capability. I think, we've worked really hard to have flexible solutions. So we literally come up with a different solutions for every large client. We've done very creative things in terms of confidential real-time IT portal for our clients. The mix of work that we have between specialty and general tox is very different than the competition, as is our geographic footprint, as is our entire portfolio. So yes, I think that what we're able to provide solutions that our clients need at times where they've actually taken space offline and they're now really serious about outsourcing work for long periods of time. And that's what we've been working hard to accomplish for over a decade, and this is sort of a culmination of our hard work and a larger demand from the clients given the whole the patent cliff and space coming offline. So yes, we're not surprised by this. This is what we've been working hard to achieve for a long time.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Todd Van Fleet with First Analysis.
Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about the RMS business, the Research Model and Services contracts that expired in Europe. I mean, they seem to be not extremely large contracts, but decent size, and I just was curious as to the expiration, do they go with another provider? It seems like those could support a much larger body of work just overall. So I'm just -- I'm trying to asses whether or not this is indicative of any sort of geographic slowdown or hardship in the European market or how do you -- what's your take on that situation with those contracts.
James C. Foster: So I'm glad you asked that because I think it's important to understand the nature of them so that -- they're not classic Research Model contracts at all. They were unusual contracts in terms of the nature of the work we were doing. And one case was a small pharma company; and in one case, a biotech company. One of the work streams ran out. The company just didn't need the service, and frankly, we no longer wanted to provide it given the -- that we didn't really love the value proposition. And so we were actually pleased that, that one stopped, notwithstanding the fact that there's a revenue impact. And on the other one, there was a very, very aggressively -- very aggressive competitor price negotiation, and the price point got to -- the price got to the point where we didn't think it was useful for us to continue to provide that work to the client, and they gave that work to a lower price provider. So that's the nature of those, and they were unusual types of work, which will have no reflection or impact on the rest of the work that we do in Europe, or even with those clients, frankly.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Shaun Rodriguez with Cowen and Company.
Shaun Rodriguez: So one of the things we've talked about over the past few quarters is that upfront costs associated with your strategic deals might limit PCS margin improvement in the near term despite the improved demand there. So can you just talk about the impact these had on the Q1 margin and how we should think about this impact over the course of the year as some of these just move further along from initial signing of the contracts?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, on the strategic partnerships, yes, we didn't -- we didn't really call that out specifically because in the first quarter as we ramped up a little bit, the impact was not meaningful enough to actually call out. If I'm not mistaken, we had drawn attention to that in Q4 and did indicate that as we began to ramp a little bit more actively, the impact would diminish. So really in Q1, it wasn't much of a factor at all, although what I would say is that the margins on some of that activity is not where we want it to be yet. But again, the overall volume and the margin impact was not significant enough to call out specifically.
Operator: And the last question will come from Garen Sarafian with Citigroup.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a clarification on the first point, the 1% price increase in North America, could you just state what segment was that and how does that compare to the price increase at this point last year?
James C. Foster: So that was for preclinical. So we obviously have -- we have no published price increases in preclinical given the state of the market and capacity. So first time in a long time, we've seen any price improvement. So that's a good thing. And when we talk about the 1% to 2% price increase, that's with regard to -- that's the worldwide number for Research Models. So those are 2 different issues.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And last year, the 1% to 2% was -- what was the price increase last year on the -- on RMS side?
James C. Foster: This is the effective net price increase. Last year, it was 2% to 3%.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And the second question is, just on the RMS side on your comment about global clients' budgeting process leading to lower sales. So could you just elaborate on the message that they're sharing with you as to the length of the delays that they think it would be? Just trying to better understand the incremental challenges and how it would impact 2Q?
James C. Foster: Yes, it's over. As I said, it was a combination of budgets literally not being done and facilities, in some cases, not open, and then not being able to make decisions on either -- for us, it's always about what drug -- what compounds they're going to test internally versus externally. So actually in '12, they sorted that out much more effectively in the fourth quarter. And going back to '11, we had a similar situation where it drifted over into the first quarter. So that's clearly behind them. We don't expect it will have a downward impact on the second quarter.
Operator: And no one else is in queue.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. That concludes our comments for this morning. Thank you for joining us. And this concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you for participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP of IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Douglas Tsao - Barclays Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Dave Windley - Jefferies Himanshu Rastogi John Kreger- William Blair Vijay Kumar - ISI Group Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley Garen Sarafian - Citigroup  Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given to you at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' Fourth Quarter 2012 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our fourth quarter and review guidance for 2013. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 278709. The replay will be available through February 23rd. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27th, 2012, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliation link. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our fourth quarter results, before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of $280 million in the fourth quarter 2012. Although, this was 3.7% below the previous year, the decline was due to the inclusion of the 53rd week in the fourth quarter of 2011 which had 4.3% to sales growth and also to the effect of foreign exchange which reduced sales sell by 70 basis points. When adjusting for the 53rd week on a constant currency basis, total sales increased by 1.3% in the fourth quarter with our net sales declining less than 0.5% in PCS sales increasingly approximately 4%. We were quite pleased with these results especially in lieu of that the fourth quarter of 2011 benefitted from strong year end spending by clients as compared to this year's fourth quarter when clients restrain spending. These results underline our confidence that our market remains stable as well as the fact that we are gaining market share. Lowest sales volumes in RMS was the primary driver of the 120 basis point year-over-year consolidated operating margin decline to 15.9% and 17.1% in the fourth quarter 2011. Normal seasonality results in lower sales of research models and operating income is extremely sensitive to changes in volume. Restraint client spending in this year's fourth quarter increased the impact on both sales and the operating margin. We have continued to focus on our process improvement initiatives which are enabling us to partially offset the impact of higher compensation cost, inflation, lower RMS volume, and cost associated with the start-up of new and expanded strategic relationships.  Earnings per diluted share were $0.64 in the fourth quarter of '12 compared to $0.69 in the fourth quarter of 2011. We generated less operating income as a result of lower sales although this was partially offset by a lower tax rate and stock repurchasing. We continue to return value to shareholders in the fourth quarter to our share repurchase plan with a purchase of approximately of 483,000 shares for $18.6 million. We repurchased approximately to 1.7 million shares in 2012, slightly higher than our last estimate of between 1.4 and 1.6 million shares. As you know, we updated our sales guidance for 2013 in January when we completed the acquisition of Vital River to arrange between 4% and 6%. With our update to foreign exchange, we now expect that both reported and constant currency sales growth will be in the same range. We believe this anticipated growth will be driven by successful, targeted sales efforts which are enabling us to gain market share as well as the acquisition to that Accugenix and Vital River. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance remains in a range of 280-290 or about 4% growth at the midpoint. As we discussed when we gave guidance in December, compensation costs and inflation as well as cost incurred in relation to new strategic relationships are expected to offset our cost savings and moderate earnings growth in 2013. Our fourth quarter results reflect a number of puts and takes, which are illustrative of the significant changes taking place in the bio-pharmaceutical industry. As they told us they would, many of our large clients most of which are public companies, restrained their spending as they endeavor to meet their financial goals for the year. At the same time, other clients increased their outsourcing effort as they moved forward with initiatives to gain efficiencies and cost effectiveness. We continue to win market share in all three of our client segments, but some of the studies we expected to begin in the fourth quarter were postponed until 2013. However, taken as a whole, the fourth quarter performance was as expected and we remain confident in our guidance for 2013. Continuing discussions with our global bio-pharmaceutical clients reinforce our view that they will increase the amount of outsourcing and we intend to win the majority of the available work. We believe we achieved this goal in 2012 as demonstrated by the announced strategic partnership with AstraZeneca as well as the other strategic relationships which we won or renewed. In addition, we remain focused on our mid-tier and academic clients and expect to continue to take market share in 2013.  Investment community has asked repeatedly whether we believe our clients are refocusing their spending on early development activity. It's difficult to assess the overall market place and to separate our market share gains from increases in functional volume. But at least with regard to our global bio-pharmaceutical clients we believe that some of them are beginning to reemphasize early stage work. We base this belief on discussions with our client about where they're focusing their research as well as the types of studies they are placing with us and the volume of work. This is particularly true of regulated safety assessment. Revenues increased in each of the first three quarters of the year and we believe the moderate fourth quarter decline was a result of restrained spending rather than a change in direction.  One thing is certain, these global bio-pharmaceutical companies have accepted the fact that outsourcing will enable them to bring new therapies to market faster and at a lower cost, the challenge for them now, is to determine how they want to outsource and to choose the partners who can best support them with superior scientific expertise, best in class service and a flexibility to provide solutions that are tailored to each client's unique requirement. We believe we are extremely well positioned to be that partner and our market share gain suggests that our clients are great. I'd like to provide you with details on the fourth quarter segment results. The RMS segment delivered sales of $171.8 million. As I mentioned, the year-over-year decline was due primarily to the 53rd week and foreign exchange and constant currency and excluding the impact of the 53rd week, sales decline was approximately 30 basis point. And on sequential basis, RMS sales increased by 3.2% approximately 1% to which came from Accugenix. The table on slide 11 provides RMS sales by product and service line. You should note that going forward from 2012; we are realigning this disclosure in our 10-Ks and 10-Qs to show EMD as a separate business category. Avin vaccine which was formally reported with EMD and other products will now be reported in research model production. This affects only the RMS sales disclosure; it does not change what's reported in the RMS and PCS segments. The largest RMS sales contribution in the fourth quarter came from our endotoxin and microbial detection or EMD business. Higher EMD sales were offset primarily by the model businesses both small and large. The large model business had continued to decline as we said it would when we gave guidance for 2012. EMD business delivered an outstanding performance in the fourth quarter with sales growth of just over 20% including the addition of Accugenix. We are extremely pleased with the ongoing sectional performance of the PTS franchise. We continue to identify and penetrate new niche markets with the PTS which is increasing the number of units we are placing. The larger MCS is also selling well. So between the two product lines, we are generating higher sales of cartridges. And with the expected launch later this year of the automated MCS or Nexus, we also hope to improve penetration of manufacturing central laboratory. Successful penetration of that market will drive even higher cartridge use and continued EMD growth. We are very pleased with the Accugenix's acquisition which is performing ahead of our plan, in addition to the existing facilities in the U.S. when the process of establishing satellite testing facilities in France, Korea and India. This will expand our client's access to the Accugenix data base. And enable us to promote our services more broadly. Over the next several years, we intend to enhance our capabilities to both product expansion and acquisitions like Accugenix. We believe that execution of this strategy will advance our position as the market leader and endotoxin and microbial detection and enable us to continue to drive growth with the EMD business.  On an adjusted basis excluding the 53rd week in foreign exchange sales of research models decreased by 5.8%. As you know the fourth quarter is seasonally weak but the comparison to last year was compounded by the strong December we had in 2011 versus the softer December in 2012 as well as the expected continuing decline of sales of large models this year. Our large biopharmaceutical clients continue to rationalize capacity which is no longer needed to the industry consolidation. Elimination of therapeutic areas, rationalization of pipelines or combination of all three. As a result, they are using pure research models; we have experienced this strength in North America for the last few years and recently observed it in Europe and Japan. However, as this consolidation is occurring we are seeing the corresponding increase in outsourcing as our clients replace internal capabilities with more flexible outsource resources. We believe this is visible in our PCS results for 2012 and also in higher bookings in the fourth quarter of the year. As I mentioned on our December call, when clients outsource to us in lieu of in-house research, the associated sales to research models are reported as intercompany revenue rather than commercial sale.  Despite the softness in research model sales in the fourth quarter, we continue to expect that sales will increase in 2013. We base this outlook on information from our clients concerning their anticipated spending in our continuing market share gains across all geographies. Adjusted sales and model services including GEM, RADS, DRS and IS were down 70 basis points year-over-year against challenging fourth quarter comparison. However sales increase sequentially where each of those businesses as a result of increase outsourcing, market share gains were about the growth rate for discovery research services or DRS flowed in the fourth quarter as a result of our client's restraint spending. As this is the case of research model sale based on indications from clients and potential new business opportunities we believe that the growth rate for services will also reaccelerate 2013. As the patent cliff continues to erode sale, bio-pharmaceutical companies will rationalize additional capacity and take further actions to implement a more flexible cost structure. We believe that they will increasingly outsource their early state testing to a partner like Charles River, because they achieve the flexibility they need without sacrificing science or quality. We believe there are two primary reasons that our clients choose to outsource the discovery testing to us - scientific expertise and breadth of our early stage portfolio, which enable them to outsource a broader segment of their discovery processes to a single partner. Expertise is critical to our client as they eliminate their internal capabilities and rely solely on a CRO.  Our expertise in the key therapeutic areas of oncology and CNS is a key differentiator between us and our competitors because the depth of our expertise is current unmatched by other CRO and because our portfolio is so focused on early stage research processes, our clients can outsource more to us take advantage of time saving as a result of fewer handoffs as well as attractive pricing as they expand the volume of work they do with us. We believe these two factors position us very well to gain market share and outsource discovery services at this pivotal time when so many of our large bio-pharmaceutical clients are making the critical decision to outsource. In total our DRS business represented just over 10% of total Charles River sales in 2012. I will remind you that approximately one third of our DRS revenue is reported in RMS and the other two thirds is reported in PCS.  When adjusted for the 53rd week and foreign currency at a 108.3 million PCS fourth quarter sales increased 4% from the fourth quarter in 2011 and 1.6% for the full year. As a result of our clients' restrained spending sales declined sequentially from the third quarter but we're down only 3.5%. We are very pleased with the improvement in our PCS sales this year, the first year since 2008 that we have reported growth. We attribute the growth in part to our market share gain including new and renewed strategic relationship and also to the fact that some of our clients are appearing to refocus resources on early stage process. The marketplace while still challenging is more predictable and, visibility has improved somewhat. The strategic relationships in which we are now engaged represent approximately 25% of total company revenues. This provides us better visibility than we have had in the past and because of the strength of these relationships better insight into our clients' planning processes. Our facilities are operating at higher capacity utilization than the previous year and we are seeing some increased spot pricing. We have no doubt that we are at an inflection point with regard to outsourcing by large biopharmaceutical companies. Discussions concerning additional strategic relationships are continuing as our clients grapple with the logistics as how and what to outsource. Our continuing focus on scientific expertise, operating efficiency and information technology platform and the fact that we will provide the structure which best meets each client's individual needs, positions us extremely well to compete for new business. We believe that our 2012 results are demonstrating our success with this strategy. Our success at winning new business extents to our mid-tier and academic clients as well. Through our targeted selling strategies, we have forged stronger relationships with these clients and that have yielded returns. Sales to our mid-tier clients increased to approximately 4% in 2012. Sales growth for academic and government clients declined 1% for the year, with a 1% increase in academic sale offset by lower sales to government clients. We have experienced lower spending in this group globally as the effect of economic uncertainty worldwide has restrained expenditures. There has been less impact on our sales to academic clients, where market share gains are continuing to drive sales growth. We have been particularly successful with larger academic institutions in the U.S., which in general, are the beneficiaries of better and more consistent funding. Our focus on our four key initiatives, improving profitability, increasing cash flow, investment in growth businesses and returning value to shareholders has been the foundation of our business strategy for the last two years and will continue to be. Our Profit Improvement Program generated $25 million of benefits in 2012 and we have targeted annualized benefits of $20 million in 2013 As operating profit increases so does cash flow and at $3.32 per share we generated one of the highest cash yields in the CRO universe 2012. We have used that cash flow to repurchase the stock and repay debt as well as to investment in our businesses which have the greatest potential for growth. In 2012 we added new facilities for our END, RAD, CRS and BPS businesses and made strategic bolt-on acquisitions that extended our capabilities or expanded our global footprint. Accugenix is an example of the former and the Vital River acquisition which we closed in early January is an example of the latter. We believe that Vital River will enable us to be a leader in setting the standards for research models and associated services in China a fast growing market for pharmaceutical research. We are experiencing a pivotal moment in time when global bio-pharmaceutical companies are reinventing the drug discovery and development models. We believe it's critical to participate in that process now so our strategy is focused on positioning Charles River as the preferred provider to outsource early stage drug discovery and development products and services.  We differentiate ourselves by a broad early stage portfolio which is unique in the CRO universe. Our extensive scientific expedites, our attention to client service, our best in class data systems and portals and our ability to structure creative, flexible solutions that support our clients goals and reducing the cost and improving the productivity of drug development. We are dedicating ourselves to executing this strategy and to continuing to return value to shareholders. In conclusion I like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and our shareholders for their support. Now, I'd like Tom Ackerman to give you the fourth quarter financial details.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you Jim, before I recap our financial performance let me remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. Reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and our website. Our fourth quarter performance was largely in line with our prior outlook. With the exceptional of favorable tax rate, operational trends track closely to the expectations that we discussed on our December guidance call. Jim has already discussed the sales performance so I will begin my comments with the operating margin. Our consolidated operating margin declined by 120 basis point year-over-year to 15.9% in the fourth quarter but essentially in lined with our expectations. Lower margins in both segments were partially offset by a decline in unallocated profit cost. The PCS operating margin declined by 90 basis points year-over-year to 12.1%. The fourth quarter 2011 operating margin benefitted from $1.7 million non-income base tax adjustment. Excluding this adjustment, the PCS operating margin would have increased year-over-year due to improved capacity utilization and prior cost savings initiatives.  In the RMS segment the operating margin declined by 150 basis points, year over year to 27.3%. This decline reflects the sensitivity of the RMS operating margin to changes in sales volume which was caused by the stronger client spending in 2011, as compared to restrained spending in 2012, particularly the small models. You may recall that we reported a 4 million inventory write-down in the large models business that negatively impacted the RMS operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2011. Unallocated corporate cost decreased by 1.6 million year over year and 0.6 million sequentially to 15.4 million in the fourth quarter. The year over year decline was primarily driven by the absence of the 53rd week as well as lower costs related to consulting services and performance based bonuses. Unallocated corporate costs represented approximately 6% of sales for 2012 and we continue to expect that we will maintain this level in 2013. At $0.64 for the fourth quarter and $2.74 for the year we exceeded our EPS guidance for 2012, primarily driven by a favorable tax rate in fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 20.6%, 360 basis points below the fourth quarter of 2011 and 510 basis points lower sequentially. Discrete tax benefits as well as higher than expected R&D tax credits in Canada reduced our tax rate which was the primary driver of the EPS upside. These discrete benefits are not expected to repeat so we continue to forecast a non-GAAP tax rate between 26.5% and 27.5% in 2013. As expected net interest expense of 4.4 million remained relatively stable on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter and declined approximately 1.5 million year over year. For 2013 we continue to expect net interest expense of 17 to 19 million. We are working to finalize plans to refinance the (inaudible) and intend to keep interest rates low under any refinancing alternative.  Our 2013 guidance assumes that our cost of debt remains at relatively consistent levels for 2012. Our four key initiatives to improve shareholder value remain intact and continue to guide our overall strategy. Our progress in 2012 was focused on growing a stable base of larger clients that is integral to achieving our longer term financial goals, while continuing efforts internally to improve operating frequency. We believe our commercial efforts were successful as demonstrated by the strategic partnership with AstraZeneca, business, awarded from several other large clients and market share gains in mid-tier and academic accounts this led to adjusted sales growth of 1.9% for 2012 when excluding foreign exchange in the 53rd week. We also made progress on improving operating efficiency through our Profit Improvement Program, for which we met our goal of more than $25 million in incremental cost savings in 2012. These savings does not always drop to the bottom line, in 2012 the normal annual cost increases coupled with headwinds from new strategic client relationships resulted in a consolidated operating margin that was relative stable at 17.5%. We continue to generate strong free cash flow in 2012. Free cash flow increased by $6 million to $50.6 million of fourth quarter 2012 driven by lower capital expenditures. For the year, we generated free cash flow of $160.5 million or $.3.32 per share which was an increase of $3 million over 2011 and within our guidance range. We continue to expect free cash flow of $165 million to $175 million in 2013. We also continue to focus on discipline capital allocation. 2012 capital expenditure totaled $47.5 million and we expect to spend approximately $50 million in 2013. In 2012, we completed a new diagnostic laboratory in Wilmington to support growth in our RADS business and move to a larger discovery facility in Finland to support our growth in the CNS therapeutic area among other projects. We continue to evaluate acquisition candidates and as you know completed the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River within the last six months. Accugenix contributed nearly 2% to the RMS year-over-year sales growth in fourth quarter, which was slightly ahead of our acquisition plan. Integration of Viral River has progressed well in the first post-closing and we are confident that this is the appropriate time to enter the Research Models and Services market in China. In addition to capital expenditures and acquisitions, our capital priorities were balance in 2012 between stock repurchases and debt repayment. For the year, we repurchased a total of $1.7 million shares for $61.4 million including 483,000 shares in fourth quarter. Since the inception of our stock repurchase program in 2010, we have bought back 30% of our outstanding shares and expect to repurchase another 1 million to 1.5 million shares in 2013. At the end of 2012, we had %54.8 million outstanding under our current stock repurchase authorization. We also reduced that total debt balance by $51.4 million in 2012 as we repaid debt modestly ahead of the schedule installations on the term alone. We are comfortable with our leverage of $666.5 million at the end of 2012 or approximately 2.5 times EBITDA. Our goal is to maintain our leverage ratio at approximately this level in 2013. Our debt activities in 23rd will include refinancing to $350 million, 2.25% convert and schedule payments on the term loan. Overall we believe our accomplishments in 2012 continue to position us by sustainable growth and long term shareholder value creation. One example is our free cash flow to invest the capital return which increased 90 basis point to 12.6% in 2012. As Jim discussed we are updating our sales and reaffirming our EPS guidance for 2013. We increased our sales guidance by approximately 1% in January to refract the completion of the Vital River acquisition and expect constant currency sales growth to be 4% to 6% in 2013. We have also updated the foreign exchange impact to near current rates. We now expect the FX impact to be negligible compared to the previous 50 basis point headwind. As a result, reported sales growth is expected to be the same as constant currency growth of 4% to 6%. Our 2013 EPS guidance range of 280 to 290 remains unchanged from December. Our sales expectations for the first quarter are in line with the outlook that we provided on our December guidance call. At that time, we said that we expected a slow start to 2013 as a result of the same trends that cause clients to restrain spending ahead of year end as well as our clients usual first quarter budget allocation process. Since the beginning of 2013, we have experienced continued slow spending globally. However, we still expect our RMS sales to increase significantly from fourth a quarter level which is consistent with the seasonal trend and for PCS sales to be slightly higher sequentially. The first quarter tax rate is now expected to be at the higher range of our forecasted range of between 26.5 and 27.5%. This is due primarily to a retroactive tax law change that was recently enacted in a foreign jurisdiction. The tax rate is expected to normalize for the remaining three quarters in 2013.  To conclude, we are pleased with our performance in 2012 and remain confident about our outlook for accelerating sales growth and higher earnings per share in 2013.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. Cynthia would you please take questions now. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions), we'll first go the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo, please go ahead.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo: Jim could you maybe tell us what's going on with small models, there was a statement about that in the press release, and then I would also be curious as to, if you can give us an update on conversations you're having with potential new strategic partners.
Jim Foster: Sure, small models continue, the fourth quarter we had a slowdown pretty much across the board with globally we had restrained spending by our clients who told us that that would be the case and it was, so that in impacts small models as has site closures and therapeutic area realignments. We also obviously had difficult (inaudible) and we had an unusually strong fourth quarter of last year, particularly December.  We indicated that the first quarter of this year would be a little bit slow as well, although we did indicate that research model sales would be up meaningfully in the first quarter. The quarter seems to have started as we thought. January feels like December these days, takes people a long time to get back to work, researchers and the budgets to be finished and there is all of these allocation of studies internally and externally but we're getting a sense that things are beginning to tick up. Our sense going forward is that we'll continue to get price, probably 1-2% that we'll continue to get market share worldwide. I would say the emphasis on market share gains would be academic gains in the U.S., gains in Europe, particularly in the UK and continue to take share in Japan which we've been doing for the last two or three years.  Our clients are talking to us about more spending in early development and also in early discovery. Obviously if that happens that generates additional research milestones and I guess that the last thing that we said in our prepared remarks and also in our last call, it's important to note, is that as we, win additional large deals whether the multi-year or individual-year, or even month-month, the work that we were doing with external clients and providing them with the animals, we are now doing ourselves providing ourselves with the animals so those sales now are inter-company based. So, we continue to feel that, we'll have at least low double digit growth in the basic research model's business that's what our service is affiliated with it. On the strategic deals, we have been very clear recently to try describe those in more comprehensive way, so we have several multi-year deals that are signed and some of them we're are talking about, we also have annual deals, in other words we have relationships with clients, contract with us or an annual basis, then we re-up those and we have some clients who work with us from study to study. In the aggregate, those are about 25% of total sales which is improving our visibility. I believe we will continue to sign deals like this, we won't be able to announce them all because the clients won't let us and it's going to get a bit tedious but I would say it's a continuous process, we've had several wins recently. some of those were just re-outs of work that we had that was being re-did, one of those was incremental work but we had thought that we would got is already planned for our guidance but I would say it's a continual process and a continued emphasis of us and that we are continuing to prevail in many of these conversations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsao with Barclays. Your line is open.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays: Hi Jim. As your business increasingly turns towards discovery services, which is often, or generally, I would argue, a more dynamic segment in terms of technological advances, I was just curious how you were thinking about keeping Charles River at the forefront in that segment in terms of potentially your own internal R&D efforts. Or is this something in which you will largely remain acquisitive and on the hunt for small, innovative companies and bring technology and sort of services that way? 
Jim Foster: Historically our pure R&D has been principally in the EMD space, we are innovating there all the time and we have strong IP in that space and it's important to have new generations of products. I'd say that in the rest of our business both discovery and research model space, while we had some pure R&D expenditures, that's really not the way we kept up technologically which as you say, we of course have to. I would say that a lot of our acquisitions, particularly some of the small ones are specifically to gain those sorts of technologies. So we're either buying into those technologies or licensing them in. I would say that Accugenix is a technology deal. I would say that our M&A activities right now which are pretty robust in terms of the types of businesses that we're looking at, most of which are upstream, a very much technology base and I think that going forward, you will see a sort of a greater combination of efforts between our DRS business where we branch out both further in CNS and oncology, but also other therapeutic areas, in our core laboratory business where we do and more bio market work and intermodal and also in our quest to have model creation abilities. And yes, I think the vast majority of that would be externally sourced and acquired.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays: Do you hope that the trends you're seeing in terms of in the productions business between outbred rats and the inbred models?
Jim Foster: Yes, I didn't address that specifically outbreed rats continues to be very much tied obviously to toxicology. I did emphasize in my answer the fact that a lot of the strategic deals that we're getting both multi year and single year where we're selling those animals essentially to ourselves are showing up in intercompany and part of our overall sales effort. And upper rat sales have definitely stabilized for a while now. I would say some of the inbred rat strains continue to increase on a unit basis similarly with some of the inbreed mouse strains. We are also getting a little bit of next.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays:  And then, Tom, so the Vital River acquisition is going to add about 1% to the sales guidance? And so why didnt we get a full percentage increase to the overall consolidated revenue guidance? 
Thomas Ackerman: Well we that in January, I think a JPMorgan we did that, that's right. So originally three to five constant currency at JPMorgan, we bumped that up to four to six. 
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan, your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Just wanted to follow up on some of the trends for RMS that you highlighted, can you just talk about whether all the drop-off is volume related. I know you talked about your expectations for 1-2% price increases. So can you also talk about whether you've been able to implement them at the beginning of this year?
Jim Foster:  Yes, our price increases go into effect, I think we informed our clients in December. We have them a month's notice. Obviously some of those price increases are impacted by larger deals that we have with clients where they're either price protected or they don't pay the full discount and that's why we haven't been reporting the full discount. But we're going to get sort of 1-2% this year. We'll have some share gains obviously some of that share gains that will be fewer units and that'll be unit mix. I'd say that some of the strands we have had some unit declines which is the result of just overall pullback in spending that we saw particularly in the fourth quarter.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay, and then your expectations for rebound in that business this quarter, how much of that is predicated on things getting better in Europe and Japan versus just normal seasonality?
Jim Foster: It's very much a combination of normal seasonality and absolutely global spending pullback by the big pharma companies, our clients tend to move as a group and similarly we saw unusually high spending in the fourth quarter pretty much across the board globally by our clients. So, we feel that that will pick up meaningfully for both reasons in the first quarter.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Then can you just talk a little bit about expectations for Endosafe? I mean, you talked about the Nexus launch later this year. How should we think about that ramping in the back half of the year and what is kind of baked into your expectations?
Jim Foster: I'd be careful to over analyze those. As we introduce new products and this is an automated product which will increase throughput in the central laboratories. It will enhance that whole product line particularly from a cartridge unit basis. The best way to look at that whole business is that, it's going to be double digit growth for the next few years at least, combination of growing share, introducing new technologies and essentially staying ahead of the market, also as we moved into microbial detection through our Accugenix acquisition, we've opened up larger market opportunities which will clearly benefit that business.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Lastly, to clarify, you had talked about spot pricing increases in December. You mentioned it again today. Is there any kind of meaningful underlying trends here that looks like it is improving as we start out the year, or is it just very sporadic at this point?
Jim Foster: It's hard to tell, we don't want to over say this, in situations where we don't have very large deals that are locked in, particularly as capacity have continued to get tighter, we have testing pricing and are periodically getting it, if that periodically turns into something more consistent then it will obviously be terrific, but there is obviously going to be some correlation between available capacity and our ability to get a greater price. So we will continue to test that and hopefully continue to have pricing be more of a part of this business going forward.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: I wanted to follow-up on Tycho's question there. Jim, it seems to me from your descriptions that the real opportunity for growth in this business is going to be share gains, but particularly through broader strategic relationships. Those relationships bring with them, I think as we saw with Astra Zeneca, some amount of price concession for the volume that the client is bringing to you. I guess I'm interested in your drilling in just a little deeper to help us to understand the puts and takes on pricing. Is it net positive because utilization and spot is improving, or is it going to be net negative because the mix of your volume is shifting more toward these protected-price strategic relationships?
Jim Foster: Yes, these strategic deals are again whether they are multi-year or single-year or even shorter periods of time, sometimes we just prefer a provider. And one of our top five clients doesn't want a multi-year deal but we get virtually all of the work and obviously that's fine. Look, we've always given better prices for volume and I suspect that we always will and that's across the board in all of our products and services. So that's really nothing new. In the strategic relationship, as we have indicated, particularly for the very large complex one we're probably going to have some start up drag in margin and the revenue will come more slowly as we're learning to run the protocols and assays. In the very earliest deal that we announced, we did that work in very aggressive margins and it's proven out over the last year to have very attractive margins given the total volume and mix of studies and other work that we were doing for these clients. So, the margin we still think it's very positive in terms of getting share, having closer partnership, definitely invigorating the top line and if we are good and if we execute well and if we drive efficiency which we're definitely committed to, while we hope to get price and we just talked a little bit about it. We can't guarantee that. So it's going to be volume and efficiency, we do continue to think that we cannot just drive the top line but continue to improve our margins. so it all conspires, I wouldn't care if you are inferences, we just would never back off of pursuing these ideals the client face particularly with the very-very large clients is relatively small.  There's a small number of clients left that probably before the consolidation will certainly be significant, dramatic additional outsourcing and to be the beneficiary of that outsourcing and it's extremely powerful and positive. And then it's up to us to drive home the value proposition. I can just tell you that every business in this company is spending a significant amount of time driving productivity and driving efficiency and doing everything they can to contribute to pushing margins going forward given our basic assumption that pricing is possible that will be a challenge.
Thomas Ackerman: I would just add a couple of things to that so in addition to the efficiencies either because of our familiarity with a specific client or general efficiencies across the board and more work in the parameters of the arrangement, the partnerships are agreements themselves tend to be more narrowly defined along a certain path and studies as you might imagine. And so as we move outside of those particularly defined studies, we have additional benefits to price goes a little bit more abrasively. In addition to that, Jim talked about more volume; a lot of these are master agreements where they provide the incremental discounts across all of their buying. so it does provide for an ability to actually pull in more work in other areas of the company as opposed to just for instance in life work, so.
Dave Windley - Jefferies: Okay. And switching gears then, as I look back through my notes, I think the automated MCS, or Nexus, I believe you are calling that now, at the investor day in the late summer, was expected to launch in the second half of 2012. At JPMorgan, you talked about the first half of 2013. And today, you said later in 2013. I don't know if that means just later here in the first half or if you mean the second half of 2013. I was hoping you can kind of describe what is going on there. Is there an approval that you are waiting on externally or something like that that is impacting the launch date of that product?
Jim Foster: Yes, Dave, these products, they're complicated; there's lots of hardware and complex and innovative software. We like to alpha and beta test these thoroughly, obviously before they go out and we often get really good ideas from our clients on additional enhancements. So we still think it'll be in the first half. Its lead a quarter or so, its fine as it tried to indicate when I was answering the last question. These additional products will have a subtle impact on the overall volume this year and mostly on the cartridges and obviously we will always delay a product to make sure it's as perfect as possible before we launch it, and I think it's all part of the wonderful world of software, trying to call the launch dates properly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Himanshu Rastogi, your line is open.
Himanshu Rastogi: Staying with the DCS segment and thinking about the evolution of EBIT margins in that segment, assuming youve even won Astra Zeneca life partnership every year, is the mid-teens target attainable over the next few years? And for my follow-up, how is that partnership evolving? Thank you.
Thomas Ackerman: Just to clarify the question is as an example on the AZ partnership, are mid-teens margin's achievable. And obviously which will be beneficial to the overall margin. While I would go back to some of the points that both Jim and I just raised, based on one of Dave's question where, these things are priced aggressively as you might imagine, thats probably the genesis of your question. We do, as Jim said, believe in participating with our clients, particularly in these multi-year deals, it does increase our capacity utilization, it does provide stability and visibility over an extended period of time. So, I think its really important to participate. The RRP process is aggressive as you said, so we are pricing these to make good margin, margin somewhere in the range of where and as we both pointed out, I think the opportunities to improve that lie with higher volume, gaining an understanding of that work and in some cases these clients work is a little bit different to us from some of our other work doing it better, general efficiencies across the board, looking to extend this master services type agreement into other areas of business in the company where we can provide incremental work and say other areas of the company products and services. And also as I mentioned, these profiles of competitive RRPs are somewhat narrowly defined along certain study bands because each study is while similar, different in many regards. So its nearly impossible to provide an RRP that considers every type of possible study that might be done in the agreement. So, once you sort of start moving away from that band, pricing is less defined and therefore we have an opportunity to improve that. So, I think, the long answer to your question is I do think that we can continue to improve our margin and deals like AC and across pre-clinical and part of that depends more broadly speaking on pricing trends and capacity utilization and things like that as well, for which over the long haul we do think will improve.
Himanshu Rastogi: And how is the partnership with AstraZeneca evolving?
Jim Foster: Hows the partnership going? Partnership is going extremely well. We have very-very close scientific ties with AZ. And we are kind of using each other interchangeably; I think they look at us as AZ folks. So, communication is very close, we have people working together and discussing transfer of work daily, we continue to be very enthused with the long-term prospects for the relationship.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger- William Blair: Jim, could you just expand upon the comment you made earlier that you are seeing some signs of clients reemphasizing early-stage work? That is a very intriguing comment. Just maybe expand upon what are the sort of things you are seeing?
Jim Foster:  We constantly ask them what the allocation is to spending between the clinic and earlier development work and even though in discovery work we've had a significant number of clients indicate that their emphasis while shifting and had shifted. We can also tell a little bit about this ship, if you look at early development based upon the increase in regulated preclinical studies, the nature of those studies and also to a lesser extent I suppose how some of the discovery work is coming. We are a pretty good mirror image of clients spending particularly on a global basis because we do so much work with so many of them. So, that would obviously be quite positive for us if that realignment is spending between the clinic and some of the earlier activity.
John Kreger- William Blair: And then as a follow-up, if you look across both your businesses, are you seeing any change in model usage per compound? Is that going up or down or pretty stable?
Tom Ackerman: I wouldn't say we've had any discernible changes in model usage.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ross Muken with ISI Group, your line is open.
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group: This is Vijay for Ross. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I just want to dig in a little bit on RMS and the comment that you made, saying volumes were down and you were beginning to see this trend in Europe and Asia, while US has been weak for several years now. I am just trying to put that in perspective. Are that Europe and Asia will sort of mimic what we have seen in the US for the next few years?
Jim Foster: It's difficult to predict that, sometimes you Europe and Asia follows the US, but I think the phenomena we saw in the fourth quarter much, just a pullback in spending by all the drug companies on a global basis. We would be surprised if we don't continue to get competitive win, share gains, both of those look held as we happen for the last few years given the weakness of some of the competition there. We are also getting price in those locals as well. I think those locations albeit smaller are still in some ways a little bit stronger in a growth rates versus the US and I wouldnt expect that we have any sort of dramatic change in the slope at the current time. 
Vijay Kumar - ISI Group: Could you just walk us again through the sequestration assumption? If we do have a sequestration now, sort of what would be the impact or what do you guys think could be the impact?
Jim Foster: We have a relatively small amount of our sales, specifically to the government. We only sales to NIH like everybody else and then we have a lot of government contracts, but again in the aggregate that's a relatively small number. I think it's unlikely that they're going to slash ongoing contracts particularly for, most of those are for basic animal models used for basic research which I think is pretty important part of structured research within the government. So we think that's unlikely. It's more likely to have a greater impact on things that, new contracts being let, it could have some modest impact I suppose on work directed from the NIH. But our total sales, we don't break it out for US. So I was going to say our total sales for academic and government are probably about 24%, but that's worldwide. We have a lot of government sales in Europe so I don't have the number at my fingertips but the impact if any, will be very modest.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Unidentified analyst: Hey, it's Adam calling in for Bob. Just wanted a little more color on strategic partnerships, you spoke to 25% of your total revenue coming from strategic partnerships, not assuming any further partnerships what do you think the number could get to with regards to expanding your current footprint with existing partners.
Jim Foster: That's a bit of an imponderable. Obviously we will work hard to have as many strategic relationships as possible. again whether they're multiyear or not is not particularly relevant, the point is that if you have a relationship with the client and you're either the sole source of providing work for them or the primary source of providing work for them, I've seen a lot of cases, we have that, we just got word actually this week of re-upping with a large client that we already had and working out to RRP and we're getting that on a sole-source basis. That gives you very increasingly better visibility and predictability of our business model. It also gives you better opportunity to work on pricing and also to plan for future capacity utilization. So, I dont know what that number is going to be. We'd like it to be as large as possible because that means that we have enhanced relationships with our clients.
Unidentified Analyst: Just also to ask around the RMS margins, definitely somewhat disappointing relative to our numbers and the street numbers for four Q, how do you look at those going forward and was this just more completely volume and seasonal-based?
Jim Foster: With specific as to what, I am sorry?
Unidentified Analyst: I am saying were the 4Q margins as, I think complete the non-GAAP was at 27.3% which was the lowest since 2008, so do you see those re-accelerating up to 30%, or is that possibly in the high-20s is the kind of normal?
Jim Foster: No we do, I mean what we said in our December guidance call is that we expected our margin to be really in line year-over-year, I know it was a little bit lower than normal in the fourth quarter but of course the fourth quarter is typically low which I am sure you are aware this fourth quarter was a little bit lower. We did talk about that in December and a little bit earlier about seeing a little bit of pull back due to clients trying to meet their budgets at yearend and what not. So I do think other than we said about a little bit of snow is out of the gate in the first quarter, we do expect to see margins be pretty normal and stable overall in our mess year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: This is Andrew Schenker in for Ricky. Just to follow-up on the margin discussion. I know you guys did discuss this in the December call, but you are expecting margins to be flat, even with benefits from the profit improvement program and increased sales. So maybe a way to word this a little differently is what do you guys think it will take to see margins expand going forward? Is it strictly a volume issue, and kind of what is that magic point where volumes kind of exceed annual cost increases maybe?
Jim Foster: I think its a combination of continued volume growth, we have to work hard, continue to work hard on efficiencies but even with efficiencies we do have cost increases every year. So thats given the limited volume increases they would had it makes very difficult to improve margin when you are not getting substantial volume or pricing so I do think we need some pricing. I think that environment will get a little bit better as we get more volume and the industry gets more volume. So, I think really its a combination of considering to be diligent on efficiencies, continuing to improve the top line, be it volume ultimately as capacity gets better we need to start seeing some price increases.
Andrew Schenker - Morgan Stanley: And just following up on that, you did highlight another $20 million on the profit improvement program. In which buckets is that $20 million going to fall? And then thinking forward is there more upside to that going forward as you increase your attention on efficiency or continue your attention on efficiency?
Jim Foster: Yes there is. Obviously we talked about that for 2013 in our original guidance and talked about some of the offsets for that like normal merit increases and some inflation from some of our vendors and things like that. So I think that's the kind of thing we are going to do every year just to offset, merit increases and things like that. A lot of that would be in PCS. I think that's probably the number one area, we obviously have a number of saving in RMS as well as corporate but I think In terms of ranking that, PCS would be the rank order number one and then RMS in corporate.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup :  A couple follow-ups. One is on your strategic partnerships. You mentioned the headwinds as you invest in the relationship with these strategic partnerships. I'm just wondering, do you have anything contractually stating some sort of a volume minimum or dollar minimum so that down the road that you are assured that these investments are going to pay off?
Tom Ackerman: We actually don't have dollar minimum, I can just tell you going back to the first big one we announced. We were negotiating a dollar minimum right up to the last moment. Clients decline was very resistant to that and I think given the dynamism in the pharmaceutical industry with the massive changes that they have constantly of management and drugs selling and changes in therapeutic areas that just hate that. It's not comfortable for them.  And I remember in the last day they said that you can be confident that you will get the volume that you are asking for, we just can't contractually commit to it and I know that sounds odd. And I think the only sort of euphemistic or the only example I can give you is that actually on the anniversary of that deal, the dollar amount came out exactly as we had requested and that they had confirmed, albeit not in writing.  So, yes, I suppose it would be better but not if the clients was uncomfortable by that and not if the client wouldn't contract with us so. I think we get a lot of these deals because we're flexible and because we're thoughtful and because we don't push those things too hard. I understand the essence of your question is that there needs to be a payoff at some point for taking on this work and obviously we agree with that and so far the progression of these relationships has been quite positive and there is an opportunity for us as I said earlier, through driving efficiency and also through the Nexus studies and or other work across our products and services portfolio that do have an opportunity to enhance both the top line and the bottom line, so we continue to feel really good about our ability to impact the contribution that these large deals will make almost as much as the clients do. 
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup : Sort of related to the strategic partnerships, with nearly 25%, you are fortunate that these relationships bring in business. But could you just perhaps talk about the competitive environment, maybe from your smaller competitors that do not have these partnerships? And with the volumes still into 2013 not yet picking up, how are your competitors reacting to fill their capacity? Just overall pricing pressure, are you seeing anything change?
Tom Ackerman: Not really, we have smaller competitors whose capacity is definitely not very those who are very aggressive on price. Heres an anecdotal example for you. We just won some work this week from a large client that we already had but it was competitively bid, and we were not the lowest price, and so as we say, every time we talk to you folks, science is the most important thing to our clients, and in the final analysis it really is so, we know what our walk away point is, we know how much we are willing to be aggressive with pricing on the downside, we also know at what location the volumes would be most beneficial, but weve been able to compete very effectively for the last year or two with very large comparison, very small ones, almost regardless to the pricing that they throw at us. And as I said with this anecdotal example, we stopped because the client wanted great science, we knew that the price point we were giving them, we could deliver that great science and we got the work even though we weren't the lowest price. So lowest prices doesnt always prevail in this market, sometimes it does, sometimes we are the lowest price. But we do that always with our eyes open.
Operator:  Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Todd Van Fleet with First Analysis. Your line is open.
Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis:  Jim, the free cash flow yield of the Company is pretty attractive. The growth profile for the Company overall is relatively steady. Acquisition appetite you guys have seems to be more kind of the bite-size than something that is more significantly sized these days. So I'm wondering at what would the circumstances have to be before Charles River would consider paying out a cash dividend to investors. 
Jim Foster:  We take a look at use of cash all the time, we actually have board committee that discuss that along with common eye. It's hard to characterize acquisitions because I think our acquisitions are supposed to be quite good and we could have a larger number of small deals. We could have a more modest sized deal. We have no intensions of doing anything gigantic, but we could upsize the deals a little bit. Again that would always be the best use of our cash for strategic accretive acquisition which help us to grow and service our client. If for some reason we were sitting here and had gone, I dont know - a couple of three years without doing any acquisition and cash flows mounting and we thought our leverage was where we wanted to be, I suppose we could determine that dividend would be the best use of cash at the time or buying back stocks. So it's always circumstantial, we always look at all of the possibilities - continue on. You know what our preference is, but we have a responsibility to utilize our cash responsively and gives you a hope of best return. So I would never say we would never do anything and so we will continue to watch it, although I would have to say there are M&A pipeline that's unusually strong because we have been working on it very-very hard and I was seeing some things now that are of significant strategic merit. 
Operator:  With that speakers I'd like to turn it back over to you for any closing comments.
Susan:  Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call.
Hardy:  Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Foster  President, Chief Executive Officer Thomas Ackerman  Chief Financial Officer Susan Hardy  Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: David Windley  Jefferies Eric Coldwell  Robert W. Baird John Kreger  William Blair Greg Bolan  Sterne Agee Douglas Tsao  Barclays Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Co. Tim Evans  Wells Fargo Securities Andy  Morgan Stanley Ross Muken- ISI Group 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2012 Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance during the call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Third Quarter 2012 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our third quarter results and review guidance for 2012. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 265998. The replay will be available through November 14. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our investor relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K which was filed on February 27, 2012, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the companys performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now Ill turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our third quarter results before commenting on our business prospects. We reported sales of 279 million in the third quarter of 2012, about 40 basis points better than the previous year. Excluding the negative effect of foreign exchange, net sales were 3.6% higher than in the third quarter of 2011. We were very pleased that for the second consecutive quarter, PCS business reported higher sales on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. We were particularly pleased to see the year-over-year improvement in PCS sales up 8 million or 7.5% on a constant currency basis. PCS sales also gained 1% sequentially, the first time since 2007 that third quarter PCS sales have exceeded the second quarter level. We believe this is a further indication of market stability as well as the fact that we are gaining market share. RMS segment sales increased 1.2% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, but due to normal seasonality were sequentially lower than in the second quarter.  The operating margin increased 80 basis points to 17% from the third quarter of 2011, driven primarily by the PCS business. The sequential decline was due primarily to the RMS business. Normal seasonality results in lower sales of research models which are extremely sensitive to changes in volume. Earnings per diluted share increased by 14% in the third quarter of 2012 to $0.65 per share from $0.57 in the third quarter of 2011. The EPS increase was driven primarily by the lower number of shares outstanding but also by higher operating income. We continued to return value to shareholders in the third quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 416,000 shares for $15 million. We estimate that we will purchase between 1.4 and 1.6 million shares this year, approximately the middle of the 1 to 2 million share range we noted when we gave our 2012 guidance last December.  As you know, we are updating our guidance for 2012. We now expect that constant currency sales will be approximately 1%, at the low end of our previous guidance of 1 to 3%. Despite the continuing positive sales effort to strengthen relationships with all of our clients which have enabled us to gain market share, the large biopharma market remains volatile and with limited visibility. Furthermore, we believe that these clients will restrain spending in the fourth quarter as they focus on meeting year-end financial targets. Although sales growth will be at the low end of the expected range, our continued efficiency initiatives and share repurchases are enabling us to maintain our non-GAAP EPS guidance and to narrow the range to 2.68 to 2.73, the mid to high end of our previous guidance range. We accomplished a number of significant expansion objectives in the past three months: the acquisitions of Accugenix and Vital River, the partnership with AstraZeneca, and a partnership with Biocon in which we were named the premier supplier of research models for the southern California purchasing consortium. Ill provide more details on these events as I discuss the segments performance.  The RMS segment delivered sales of 166.5 million. The year-over-year decline was due in part to foreign exchange which reduced sales by 4.1%. As was the case in both the first and second quarters, the largest RMS sales contributions came from our endotoxin and microbial detection, or EMD business, followed by our discovery research services, or DRS business. Excluding foreign exchange, these two businesses continued to drive growth at a double-digit rate. This growth was offset primarily by the large model business which continued to decline as we said it would when we gave guidance for 2012. In total, sales of research models declined 4.1% on a constant currency basis but the majority of the decline was attributable to the large model business. When excluding large models, on a constant currency basis sales of small research models decreased only about 1%. There were two primary factors which affected these sales: seasonality and a decline in sales to our large biopharma clients. As some of our clients close facilities and consolidate research, it reduces the number of research models they require. This trend has been visible particularly in North America where it has also affected our GEMS business. To a lesser extent, we have experienced the trend in Europe where our business has been relatively resilient. As Tom mentioned last quarter, we have less exposure to the more economically unstable countries in Europe. Discovery research services, or DRS, was a growth driver for both RMS and PCS in the third quarter primarily as a result of the strategic partnership we initiated in 2011. As you know, our North Carolina and Finland businesses are reported in RMS and all other non-GLP discovery services are reported in PCS. Our DRS business is benefiting on three fronts: first, from the decision by many of our large clients to outsource these services as evidenced by our recent major strategic partnerships with large global pharma companies; second, from the shift in R&D to eliminate more molecules earlier in the process; and third, from the focus on oncology and CNS diseases. Our DRS business provides the non-GLP services which our clients need to make go-no go decisions on which molecules should advance through the pipeline, and our greatest therapeutic areas of expertise are oncology and CNS, to which the largest percentage of research dollars is directed. We believe our expertise in these two therapeutic areas is a key differentiator between us and our competitors because the depth of our expertise is currently unmatched by other CROs. We believe this positions us very well to gain market share in outsource discovery services at this pivotal time when so many of our large biopharmaceutical clients are making the critical decision to outsource. The EMD business delivered an outstanding performance in the third quarter with sales growth again exceeding 10% before the addition of Accugenixs September sales. The PTS franchise performed extremely well, enabling us to take market share as clients recognize the value and efficiency that the devices can bring to the manufacturing process. The multi-cartridge system, or MCS, is enabling us to improve our penetration of the high volume lab, and we expect the robotic MCS, branded Nexus, to be another tool in our arsenal to drive high cartridge sales. Nexus made its debut at the Global PDA Microbiology Conference last week, and from there it will move to one of our large global pharmaceutical clients for beta testing. We expect to begin shipping the Nexus in the first half of 2013. We were very pleased to announce the acquisition of Accugenix at the end of August. We paid approximately 17 million in cash to acquire the premier global provider of cGMP-compliant contract microbial identification testing. This acquisition strengthens the EMD portfolio of products and services by providing clients with state-of-the-art microbial detection services for manufacturing in the biopharmaceutical, medical device, nutraceutical and consumer care industries. The company has invested in proprietary library databases which allow it to identify over 5,000 species of organisms. As a result, Accugenix is an acknowledged industry leader in species-level identification and strain typing of bacteria and fungi that are recovered from manufacturing facilities. This acquisition is an important step in our broader strategy to become the premier provider of rapid microbial and endotoxin detection products and services to the biopharmaceutical industry. Over the next several years, we intend to enhance our capabilities through both product extension and acquisitions. We believe that execution of this strategy will advance our position as the market leader in endotoxin and microbial detection and enable us to continue to drive growth to the EMD business. The table on Slide 14 summarizes the third quarter sales performance for the RMS segment compared to the third quarter of 2011. On a constant currency basis, research model sales declined 4.1% to 79.6 million, but as I said, the majority of the decline was due to large model business. Services increased 1.8% to 53.6 million and other products increased 14.8% to 33.3 million. For the first nine months of 2012, DRS represented approximately 10% of total Charles River sales. About one-third of this amount is reflected in RMS and the other two-thirds in PCS. Both of the businesses in other products  EMD and avian  contributed to the significant increase in the third quarter. The RMS operating margin was 29.3% in the third quarter compared to 29% in the third quarter of 2011. The 30 basis point increase despite lower year-over-year sales is a result of leverage from higher sales of other products as well as operating efficiencies and continued management of our cost structure. The sequential decline of 350 basis points was due primarily to seasonality and also to the insurance payment related to our Japan operation that we received in the second quarter of 2012. That payment increased the second quarter margin by approximately 100 basis points. Establishing an RMS footprint in China has been one of our key objectives as we focus on gaining market share in emerging markets. Acquiring a 75% ownership of Vital River, one of the largest commercial providers of research models and related services in China, will enable us to provide high quality research models and associated services, such as RADS and GEMS, to the emerging China market for drug discovery and development. We expect demand for research models in China to significantly increase over the next several years as drug development initiatives in academia, government and biopharmaceutical companies expand. Charles River intends to set the scientific quality standard for research models in China, the third largest pharmaceutical market in the world.  We will also gain market share through a new partnership with Biocon, the largest regional life science association in the world, representing more than 550 member companies in southern California. Through this partnership, we are the preferred provider of research models to the members and we hope to expand the partnership to include other RMS products and services in our portfolio. This was a competitive bidding process where we unseated a longstanding research models competitor. We won the business on the basis of scientific expertise, product availability, breadth of services, and customer service, characteristics which were extremely important to the consortium. We have already received early orders from some of the Biocon members and expect to launch a full-on sales effort on November 1. Sales are initially expected to be modest but should increase as the members transition to Charles River from the former supplier. At 112.2 million, PCS sales in the third quarter increased 5.7% from the third quarter of 2011 and 7.5% in constant currency. This was the largest year-over-year increase since the third quarter of 2008 and the first third quarter which has increased from second quarter levels since 2007. Sales increased approximately 1% sequentially following the outstanding 8.1% sequential increase in the second quarter. Higher sales, improved operating efficiency, and increased capacity utilization resulted in a 370 basis point year-over-year improvement in the PCS operating margin to 13% in the third quarter. The AstraZeneca partnership has had a small short-term margin impact, as was the case with last years major partnership. The initial transfer of protocols and other start-up measures do not contribute meaningfully to sales, and as a result the associated costs create a temporary drag on the margin. This is likely to be the case with any partnership we do. Although the start-up costs are not as significant as clinical partnerships, the protocol transfer process usually requires hiring and training of both new and existing personnel as we learn the clients procedures and establish the working relationship. Revenue is low during this period but then typically increases over a six to 12-month period. As I mentioned earlier, the year-over-year increase in non-GLP discovery services is being driven primarily by the strategic partnership with a major global pharma client that we initiated in the fourth quarter of 2011. That partnership is progressing very well with the transfer of the remaining protocols nearing completion. Through accurate and timely execution, structured governance and regular communication, we have created a strong working relationship which is already encouraging the client to place other work streams with Charles River. We were very pleased to see another modest increase in GLP safety assessment studies in the third quarter. Given the volatility of the large biopharma market and the limited visibility of demand in general, we are still not calling a sustained improvement in the safety assessment market; however, I will say that we believe we are taking market share because as clients make the critical decision to outsource the studies that will determine whether a drug can be delivered to patients, they recognize that they can do so only with a partner who can support the same level of scientific expertise that our clients have historically maintained in-house. We have said previously that our scientific expertise, accessible client data, and flexibility in structuring arrangements that address each clients individual needs were what enabled us to win the partnership last year. Those same characteristics are the reason AstraZeneca chose Charles River through a highly competitive bidding process as its trusted strategic partner for toxicology, safety pharmacology, and development DMPK.  This partnership is the culmination of months of work with a longstanding client whose goal is to create a flexible research capability without compromising scientific excellence. I cant overemphasize how important our scientific expertise has been in winning these partnerships. At the end of the day, our global biopharma clients want to partner with a reliable CRO who can deliver the scientific expertise necessary to evaluate the efficacy and safety of new drugs. Price has its place in these discussions, but we believe that science is a key criterion. We have no doubt that we are at an inflection point with regards to outsourcing by large biopharmaceutical companies. Discussions concerning additional strategic partnerships are ongoing as our clients grapple with the logistics of how and what to outsource. Our continuing focus on scientific expertise, operating efficiency, and information technology platforms, and our willingness to provide the structure which best meets each clients individual needs positions us extremely well to compete for new business. We are utilizing these characteristics and our entire portfolio to differentiate Charles River from the competition. We believe that our year-to-date results are demonstrating our success with this strategy. Id like to point out that our success at winning new business has not been limited to global accounts. The targeted selling strategies that we implemented three years ago with our mid-tier and academic clients have also yielded returns. Sales to our mid-tier clients have increased approximately 5% both for the third quarter and year-to-date. Sales growth for academic and government clients has slowed from the levels we achieved in 2011, particularly in Europe, however, this is mostly due to the loss of government revenue rather than academic clients where increased sales to current accounts and market share gains are continuing to drive sales growth. For the last few years, we have had a dual focus: internally on our four key initiatives, and externally on assisting our clients with their goals of reducing the cost and improving the productivity of drug development. We have made tremendous progress on our four key initiatives: improving the operating margin through identification and implementation of process efficiencies, generating higher free cash flow, investing in businesses with the greatest potential for growth, and returning value to shareholders through share repurchases. We have invested in a number of information technology initiatives and believe that our new client data portal is one of many capabilities which differentiates us from the competition.  At the same time, we have invested significantly in strengthening our relationships with our clients and in the process have actually become a catalyst for outsourcing. Many of our clients have utilized our knowledge of outsource drug research to help identify and structure their outsourcing programs. The resulting RFPs are competitive because price has its place, but we believe that investing in these relationships and structuring them to suit the individual clients needs is a winning proposition. We are experiencing a pivotal moment in time when global biopharmaceutical companies are reinventing the drug discovery and development model. With so many drugs coming off patent and acknowledgment that the current model isnt successful, our clients have taken and continue to take major actions to improve the pipeline productivity. Weve witnessed significant reductions in therapeutic areas, faster elimination of molecules at earlier stages, staff reductions and closure of facilities, and most importantly for Charles River a willingness to evaluate an increasing number of research work streams as candidates for outsourcing. Its not a decision that can be made quickly give the ramification of reducing in-house expertise and relying on a contract research organization for expertise and flexibility. With our broad early stage portfolio, scientific expertise, data access capabilities, and unique working methodology for each client, our goal is to win a majority of the work that will be outsourced over the next few years. As a result, we believe that the preliminary three-year strategic plan which we first discussed at our investor meeting in August is achievable. From 2013 to 2015, we expect to reach mid-single digit organic sales growth and mid to high single-digit growth including acquisitions, an operating margin approaching 20%, earnings per share growth at a faster rate than sales, strong and improving free cash flow generation, and steady improvement in returns on invested capital. We are dedicating ourselves to executing this plan and to continuing to return value to shareholders. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience, and our shareholders for their support. Now Id like Tom Ackerman to give you the third quarter financial details.
Thomas Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. We were pleased with our third quarter growth, which included a constant currency sales increase of 3.6%, operating margin expansion of 80 basis points, and an EPS increase of 14% when compared to last year. While third quarter sales and EPS were below the first two quarters, this is consistent with the seasonal trend in the third quarter, particularly for RMS. The favorable PCS performance in the third quarter, highlighted by 7.5% constant currency sales growth and a 13% operating margin, represents improvement in demand across both the large biopharmaceutical and mid-tier client segments for both our safety assessment and non-GLP discovery services. We were also pleased that trends in this business were relatively stable compared to the strong second quarter performance. The strategic partnership with AstraZeneca provided only a minimal benefit to the PCS performance in the third quarter under an interim agreement that had been in place since May. We are working diligently with AstraZeneca to transfer protocols and perform validation and pilot studies. Since these validation and pilot studies generate little revenue, we do not expect a more meaningful benefit from the partnership until early 2013 when the transition has been completed. This is consistent with the progress on our strategic partnership that we announced last November, which took several quarters to transition before meaningfully contributing to our results. Start-up costs related to the AstraZeneca partnership were expected to be marginal as incremental hiring is expected to be limited. RMS sales increased 1.2% on a constant currency basis in the third quarter. In addition to the consolidation within large biopharmaceutical clients, RMS sales were pressured by our large model business. This business has been a headwind throughout 2012, but the impact was more pronounced in the third quarter, reducing RMS sales growth by nearly 200 basis points year-over-year. This was partially offset by the August acquisition of Accugenix. Continued strong EPS growth in the third quarter was driven by a balance of operating margin expansion and stock repurchases. I will now walk you through the non-operating line items in more detail.  Unallocated corporate costs were relatively stable in the third quarter at 16 million. This was slightly lower than the second quarter as health and print-related costs remained favorable. We expect fourth quarter unallocated corporate costs to be similar to the third quarter level and total approximately 6% of sales for the full year. Net interest expense was relatively stable at 4.6 million in the third quarter. We do not anticipate any meaningful changes to interest expense in the fourth quarter, so net interest expense should be approximately 18 to 19 million for 2012.  Primarily as a result of a Canadian tax settlement related to R&D tax credits, our non-GAAP tax rate decreased 40 basis points sequentially in the third quarter to 25.7%. We expect that the tax rate will increase in the fourth quarter due to both an anticipated tax law change in a foreign jurisdiction that would increase the effective tax rate, and the fact that the Canadian item will not recur; however, we believe our non-GAAP tax rate for the full year will now be at the low end of our prior 26.5% to 27.5% range due to the favorable tax rates in the second and third quarters. We have continued to make progress on our four key initiatives in 2012. New projects are continually implemented under our profit improvement program with a goal to further drive operating margin improvement. In the third quarter, we began the process of consolidating two small RMS facilities in Europe as part of the ongoing evaluation of our global footprint and efforts to improve efficiency and profitability. We can provide the same products and services from our other facilities in the region and reduce the overhead for the smaller facilities. In the third quarter, we incurred nearly 1 million in severance costs and a 3.5 million asset impairment charge related to this action. We have also continued to generate strong free cash flow. In the third quarter, free cash flow was 50.8 million, an increase of approximately 11 million over last year. Year-to-date free cash flow totaled 109.9 million. We continue to expect to achieve free cash flow in the range of 160 to 170 million for 2012. This was a robust quarter for free cash generation despite an unfavorable change in DSOs. DSOs increased to 52 days in the third quarter from 48 days in the second quarter due to client mix and non-credit related receivables fluctuations. We have also continued to make disciplined investments in our growth businesses. Year-to-date capital expenditures totaled 33.8 million and we remain on track to spend approximately 50 million in 2012. One example of these investments is our new diagnostic laboratory in Wilmington which we opened during the third quarter to support our growing RADS business. We also acquired Accugenix in the third quarter for approximately 17 million. As Jim mentioned, Accugenix expands the capabilities of our fast-growing EMD business by adding premier microbial identification services to our portfolio. In the fourth quarter, Accugenix is expected to represent approximately 1% of our total sales and be neutral to earnings per share. In conjunction with our third quarter release, we also announced that we have signed an agreement to acquire a 75% stake in Vital River, a leading commercial provider of research models and related services in China, for approximately 27 million subject to certain closing adjustments. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter subject to customary closing conditions, including Chinese regulatory approvals. The acquisition is expected to add more than 1% to 2013 total net sales on a full-year basis and be slightly accretive to 2013 EPS.  Both of these acquisitions demonstrate our commitment to disciplined investments. We have performed thorough due diligence, a rigorous financial analysis, and extensive integration planning to evaluate these acquisition candidates and ensure their successful integration into the Charles River portfolio. In addition to capital expenditures and acquisitions, we continue to balance our capital priorities between stock repurchases and debt repayment. Our stock repurchases totaled 1.2 million shares for the first nine months of 2012 at a cost of 42.8 million. As of December 29, we had 73.5 million outstanding under our stock repurchase authorization. We expect to repurchase between 1.4 and 1.6 million shares in 2012, or near the middle of our previous range of 1 to 2 million shares. We also reduced our total debt by 17.5 million in the third quarter as we continued to repay debt modestly ahead of the scheduled installments on the term loan. As Jim discussed, we have reduced our constant currency sales guidance to an increase of approximately 1% for 2012, which reflects slightly lower than expected sales in the RMS segment. We continue to expect that foreign exchange will reduce reported sales by approximately 2% for the year. We have also narrowed our EPS guidance to 2.68 to 2.73, or the high end of our previous range, to reflect the strong year-to-date performance. Our updated 2012 guidance includes a small benefit to sales from both the AstraZeneca partnership and Accugenix acquisition, but the earnings impact from each is not expected to be significant in 2012. Our narrowed guidance range assumes a meaningful decline in fourth quarter EPS as we are maintaining a cautious outlook toward the end of the year. Our outlook assumes that normal seasonal trends will pressure fourth quarter results. Although we did experience increased spending late in the fourth quarter of 2011 as our clients utilized remaining budgetary funds before the end of the year, we are not forecasting a budget flush this year. Many of our clients have indicated that they expect to restrain spending in the fourth quarter in order to meet financial targets. We believe our outlook is prudent given client commentary and the current macro economic and political environment in the U.S. and globally.  Sequentially for the fourth quarter of 2012, RMS sales are expected to improve moderately, in large part because we will record a full quarter benefit from the Accugenix acquisition as well as from robust organic growth in the base EMD business. PCS sales are expected to be moderately lower due to fewer study starts during the holidays, which has become a more significant factor in recent years due to the shorter term nature of preclinical work. Our clients budgetary concerns are also expected to cause some studies to be delayed at year-end. The non-GAAP operating margin is expected to climb moderately in both segments from the third quarter level due to the normal seasonal trends.  As I mentioned earlier, the tax rate is expected to increase in the fourth quarter primarily due to an anticipated tax law change in a foreign jurisdiction. I would also like to remind you that the fourth quarter of last year benefited from the addition of the 53rd week. Since 2012 is a normal 52-week fiscal year, we expect the year-over-year sales growth comparison to be negatively affected in the fourth quarter of 2012. You may recall that the 53rd week benefited the fourth quarter sales growth rate by approximately 450 basis points in 2011 or approximately 12 million, and we would expect it to reduce sales growth by a similar amount in the fourth quarter of this year. We are focused on a strong finish to the year through the continued execution on our four key initiatives, our efforts to take market share and provide customized solutions to our global clients, and our programs to drive efficiency and profitability across our businesses. We also look forward to providing you with our outlook for 2013 in December.  Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. Stacy, would you please take questions now?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator instructions] Well go to David Windley with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Windley  Jefferies: Hi, good morning. Wondering if I can ask a two-parter. I guess the question Ill ask is around the broader deals that youve been able to bring under the umbrella, Im curious about how that has catalyzed other conversations, Jim. Youve talked over the course of the last year about other clients engaging you in conversations around those types of deals, so if you could talk about how those conversations are going. And then if you could also talk about the embedded pricing in these deals and how that looks relative to what spot business might look like. Thank you.
James Foster: Hi Dave. Weve been saying for an awfully long time  several years, at least  that drugs are going to be rolling off patent, the whole drug development process would have to change, that we would all have to do what we do best and that the drug companies would inevitably outsource this work. And not that were great sages; it was just sort of clear from looking at the cost structures and looking at how we had built out our business and the things that we could do for them that its been a little bit frustrating over the last few years the rate at which this hasnt happened as quickly as we had anticipated. But be that as it may, its clear now that we are in the midst of a significant change in the way the clients are operating. We have these two large deals  one that we can name the client and one that we arent able to. We have several other conversations in various stages of that sort of process, but its clear that as the drugs roll off and as they re-look at their infrastructure, and of course were seeingand Im not saying that were literally the catalyst for this, but were seeing facilities being closed as we said they would  several years ago, we pointed to this  and staff being reduced, at least in the areas where we can help them. So weve got this wonderful symbiotic relationship where were doing the work for them, we believe, scientifically as well as fast or faster and at a beneficial value proposition. The other thing thats important is that were utilizing the whole portfolio and so clients who have bought from us historically sort of on a transactional but non-strategic basis across our portfolio are being much more strategic about those purchases, and as we pointed to in the prepared remarks, we sign these large deals but we become very much the partner of choice, the scientific partner of choice, and were finding that very quickly there is additional work beyond the confines of that deal and beyond the confines of what we had done with these clients previously that were more apt to get and in fact are getting. So were very pleased with our ability to essentially take share and do so principally on a scientific basis. In terms of the embedded prices, it sort of depends on the nature of the work; but I would say that were pleased in most cases with the prices that were getting. You said how do they compare to spot prices? You know, again, that depends. For most of the deals that were doing, and some arent large strategic deals but they are large relationships that weve had, were obviously seeing that with the transfer of protocols and those smoothing out over time and the increase in volume that the value proposition improves, we often bid knowing that we will be able to improve the profitability as the volume increases and were quite confident that well be able to do that. Weve also indicated our capacity is filling, so were being very thoughtful about how we fill it from here on in and what the relationship is between large clients and small ones, between long-term deals and short-term deals, and between specialty talks and general talks and also between GLP and non-GLP.  So its a very interesting patchwork right now and one that we think will continue to if not accelerate, continue at this rate where we find more clients. And yes to your question  I think that the announcement of a specific client has gotten the interest of others, and in the previous deal where we couldnt announce it publicly, we have said in our conversations with the Street that we have used that client as a reference with other potential clients, and thats obviously gone quite well. So the notion that our clients will increasingly become our advocates and help us with kind of the sales and validation process, we think is a very, very powerful one.
David Windley  Jefferies:  Great, thank you.
Operator: Well go to Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell  Robert W. Baird: Thanks. I dont know if I can restrain myself either. First off, Im curious about the impact of the fungal meningitis outbreak for your EMD segment. I dont believe you do point-of-use fungal testing, but Accugenix brings in some capabilities there. Im just curious what you think the derivative impact of the fungal meningitis outbreak will be for your business.
James Foster: Its hard to say. I would say that with a lot of these pharmacies that werent testing as they had our technology available to them, its likely that some of this stuff could have been prevented. So you know, were talking about very early detection of these things, and yeah, were quite cognizant of the potential for us. I couldnt begin to quantify the value to the business, but its exemplary of the type of expansion capabilities we now have with rapid microbe testing in addition to the rapid endotoxin testing.
Eric Coldwell  Robert W. Baird: Thats fair. And if youll allow me one more  I did a quick search of the Biocon website as you were speaking. Its a pretty interesting website, but I cant actually find any data immediately available on the total R&D budgets of their membership base. But its some very large companies, so Im curious if you can give us some sense as you displace Harlan there, if you can give us some sense of the incremental opportunity to grow that business over time.
James Foster: Sure. This is a piece of work that we have wanted to secure for a long period of time. Youve got this huge concentration of some of the best biotech companies and other institutions in the world in southern California, and obviously we have a significant west coast operation there so it makes a lot of sense that we would be their provider. As weve said, the rate of adoption is sort of unknown  we think it will be modest at the beginning and accelerate. All we can say is its a several million dollar opportunity, assuming that the majority of it comes to fruition; but its sort of difficult to pinpoint how quickly that will happen. But the opportunity is there and the clients are certainly well aware of that, and it would be financially advantageous of them to take advantage of our relationship with a size of contract.
Eric Coldwell  Robert W. Baird: Thats great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Well go to John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger  William Blair: Hi, thanks very much. Jim, can you just remind us the portion of your business that comes from academia and government across the two segments? And in this period of cutbacks, are you seeing any pullbacks by that customer base and do you think that is a trend that you might see as we move into 13?
James Foster: So the global number is 24%. As weve indicated for the last few years, thats up dramatically. It used to be in the mid-teens, so by focusing our sales force globally on this sector and by the fact that our price points versus the competition have beenthe premium has been reduced dramatically, weve gotten a lot more traction in the academic marketplace. And by the way, I believe that we can continue to do so going forward. As we indicated in the prepared remarks, the increase in the academic and government sector has slowed somewhat over 11  its sort of flat, actually. The academic piece is up a bit more than the government piece. We did have a couple of government contracts which we actually rebid on and did not win for a variety of reasons, principally price; but yeah, around the edges theres probably a subtle reduction in demand but not as much as you would anticipate. As weve indicated previously, the research model business in particular is not particularly price sensitive. Its a relatively low volume purchase or low ticket purchase for our clients. If youre doing basic research, youre going to use animals, and so we dont see the sort of severe impact that perhaps some people that are selling larger, more expensive pieces of equipment might. We also have a lot of embedded government contracts with multiple year durations which are in good stead, and weve always had a very big piece of the government business in Europe where its actually a bigger percentage of the whole than it is in the States. So if were seeing anything, its subtle, slight slowdown versus the prior year; but really, nothing dramatic that concerns us, and we would anticipate that we would continue at least on the pure academic piece of this, through this concerted sales effort be able to continue to have at least a slight uptick in that going forward.
John Kreger  William Blair: Thats very helpful, thanks. And just to clarify  the 24% was across your total revenue base, right, or just RMS?
James Foster: No, its total government and academic across the total revenue base.
John Kreger  William Blair: Great, thank you.
Operator: And well go to Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan  Sterne Agee: Hey, thanks. Tom, just some back-of-the-envelope math here, but is it safe to assume the year-over-year headwind from large models was about a $0.02 drag on EPS this quarter?
Thomas Ackerman: Well, we said a couple hundred basis points on sales, so that would be a good estimation, Greg.
Greg Bolan  Sterne Agee: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just real quickly, Jim, Im assuming that non-discovery services is something on the table for discussion with your latest in vivo biology partner, and I know you guys characterize this still as 1% incremental to calendar 13, but do you believe the potential discovery business there to be larger, smaller, or kind of in line with what youve already won, just kind of hypothetically?
James Foster: Yeah, hypothetically as we have these large relationships and we get closer scientifically with clients and they kind of look at us as really an extension of themselves, the potential to expand that to the non-GLP area, for instance, is certainly there. I wouldnt want to say with any certainty that we can make that happen. Im sure we will. I continue to have those conversations with this client and with others. Our footprint is quite strong scientifically, as we said, particularly in the CNS and oncology areas where lots of clients, including that particular one, are spending a lot of dollars. So well certainly continue to have the dialogue. It all depends on the clients readiness to outsource that type of work, and their readiness is somewhat enhanced by the knowledge that we have the capability for them.
Greg Bolan  Sterne Agee: Thank you.
Operator: Well go to Douglas Tsao with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao  Barclays: Hi, good morning. Just in terms of the deal with AstraZeneca, I think in the original press release you indicated that it was expected to grow or contribute about 1% to revenues, or an incremental 1% to revenues. Would you expect there to be incremental growth off of that base as we move into 2014?
James Foster: As we said with the last question, we would hope that through our relationship that we would be able to expand our service offering to them and they would be interested in that as well. Its a better value proposition for them, and through these deals you really get to understand the expectations of the client in terms of service and time frame and IT interface, and we understand their expectations better as well. So theres a more comfortable basis upon which to do that sort of work, so yes, we would hope so but its not built into the contract. I mean, I want to be clear about that.
Douglas Tsao  Barclays: Okay. And then the deal with Biocon, that is notwhat percent of those customers were you already selling to?
James Foster: I dont think we have that number at the tip of our fingers, Doug. We certainly have some relationships and some sales to some of those clients, but a lot of the opportunity is incremental and we werent able to do work with those clients previously because they had this preexisting relationship with one of our competitors at more attractive price points. So we do think this will be beneficial, notwithstanding the fact that we had some of these clients already.
Douglas Tsao  Barclays: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And well go to Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Hey, good morning. Im going to ask a two-parter on RMS. First, on just the Vital River deal, you had previously obviously moved out of China, understanding that this is a different business youre going back in with. But can you just talk about whether or not its really just to gain access to the market, or do they bring any new capabilities?
James Foster: So Tycho, its pretty straightforward. This is becoming a major life sciences center with large local companies, a growing cadre of biotech companies, and a whole bunch of international companies that are going to do work to develop drugs de novo in China, and theyre absolutely going to want to use the same quality animals theyre using elsewhere. As weve said actually for a few years now, we continually assessed the opportunity to be in the research model business in China and up to this point havent felt that the market opportunity was significant enough for us. We do think the opportunity is significant enough now, and we think the growth rate will be impressive for us. Its a good-sized market. The research models that are available now are primarily from government-based production operations at very low price points and at very low quality points as well, so they dont have this sort of virulogical and bacteriological and genetic sort of consistency that our animal models have. So this is a licensee of ours, so they have our breed stock. Its sort of a derivative facility; its very Charles River-like. Its a very good opportunity for us. We intend to set the quality standards and eventually the pricing standards for laboratory animal production and research in China, and we will increasingly expand our presence into other areas in which we operate. So with this acquisition, we get a RADS laboratory and a GEMS capability. As I think you know, we also have a small endotoxin company in China. We source our non-human primates from there, and so increasingly we will do more and more of our work there. But it feels very good to have a strong research model business as the hub and the center of our activities going forward.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: And then just to follow up on RMS, the guide down there, Im just wondering how concentrated it is by customer and how much visibility you now have in those markets, and I think you also mentioned some impact to the GEMS business so Im wondering if you could elaborate on that.
James Foster: Youre just talking about the overall
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Yeah, the guide down for RMS.
James Foster: Well, were seeing that decline in the third quarter really for two reasons. One is the normal seasonality, which we have every third quarter. The other is weve had a continuous decline in small animal sales for a while now. Some of thats related to tox and some of thats related to the low spending in the discovery area, and some of it is for sure related to the continued concentration of our client base, reduction of facilities. Weve had multiple big pharma site closures either happen or announced in this fiscal year, and we anticipate there probably will be more of those. Obviously, at some point that will level off. That over time should be offset somewhat by the sort of mix issues with more highly valued models or genetically based models, and any uptick obviously in the tox business would be an improvement as well. So its been in a decline but somewhat leveled off.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And well go to Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel  Cowen & Company: Hi, good morning. In recent quarters, you guys have talked about a higher mix of shorter term, less complex studies within PCS. Given the strength that youve demonstrated within PCS the last couple quarters, Im just wondering if there is any update there, whether thats evolving right now. Thank you.
James Foster: Yeah, a couple things  number one and interestingly enough, a lot of those short-term studies are actually pretty complicated, so we find ourselves doing very complex work for our clients; and again, I think our scientific holds us in very good stead vis--vis the competition. Were going to continue to focus there. We have had an increase in longer term GLP work, sort of not the great balance that weve seen historically but it is improving, so youve got obviously some of the molecules are moving through short-term studies to longer term ones. Id say that the mixyou didnt ask this, but the mix between specialty work and general tox is okay, somewhat better than it has been previously. Again, weve had periods where that was almost 50/50 or better. So Id say that the mix of business is subtly improving with more long-term studies and extremely complex ones as well.
Operator: And well go to Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tim Evans  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, thanks. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the long-term margin guidance, specifically how would you characterize the trend in RMS margin versus PCS margin? Im particularly interested in how the recent changes in the business would impact that, namely the acquisitions youve done as well as the two strategic partnerships.
Thomas Ackerman: Well, obviously we have different historical data points in both segments. In RMS, we have an extremely high margin that were obviously protective of, while at the same time were trying to improve it. So I do think theres potentially some opportunities to improve it, but certainly were trying to safeguard it where it is as well. Preclinical, weve obviously struggled over the last few years given the changes in the marketplace in terms of demand, pricing, et cetera, where we have seen it erode. We have made a lot of cost and structural changes over the last few years. Weve actually improved it quite nicely against headwinds like historical price changes that weve seen, so I think were probably a little bit more optimistic on improvements in the preclinical side.  The strategic deals, while they add an element of pricing in terms of pressure and a larger competitive process, they do allow for incremental business in most cases and steadier demand, so notwithstanding any price pressures it will allow us to actually do the work in a more steady, consistent fashion as we have demonstrated from our last partnership, improve our efficiencies and work knowledge so that we can actually continue to drive the margins up. So I think going forward, as Jim had said, were still targeting 20% over the next few years. I dont think it will be that easy to get there, and I think the opportunities are probably larger in, say, preclinical but nonetheless in some of our grow RMS businesses as well where we do have EMD, as an example, and a couple of other areas where we are still experiencing growth in RMS.
Tim Evans  Wells Fargo Securities: Great. The RMS acquisitions dont create too much of a headwind there on margin?
Thomas Ackerman: Well, Accugenix of courseour in vitro business is quite profitable, so Accugenix from purely an EMD standpoint creates a little bit of pressure, but were obviously working to improve the margins going forward. The margins there are not creating a drag on the corporate margins, so I should be clear about that; and China, its really the same. We do think we have good opportunities to improve the margin by bringing more of our knowledge to that process locally, both production and sales; but again, from a corporate standpoint, those margins are not creating any pressure on the corporate margin rate.
Tim Evans  Wells Fargo Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Well go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy  Morgan Stanley: Hey, this is Andy in for Ricky. How are you guys doing?
Susan Hardy: Good, how are you?
Andy  Morgan Stanley: Good. So just real quick  your guidance implies a step-down sequentially in 4Q earnings. On the 2Q call, you guided that 3Q would be the low point for the year. I was just wondering what changed since the 2Q call, and are there any implications heading into 2013?
James Foster: I think Im going to ask you to repeat the question. I know you were talking about whats different from what we said after our Q2 call going into Q3
Andy  Morgan Stanley: Yeah, sorry about that. Im going to have to try again. So I was just saying on the 2Q call, you guided that 3Q would be the low point for the year. Clearly, the new guidance has 4Q sequentially stepping down. I was just curious what has changed since the 2Q call and are there any implications from that heading into 2013?
James Foster: Well, what I would say about Q4 specifically is that we talked about the 53rd week, which I think was a little bit of difference in some of the analyst call; but also, we had the benefit of the quote-unquote budget flush last year, and while we didnt necessarily expect that this year, we expect things to be a little bit more normal and I think now were a little bit cautious about some of our clients actually restraining spending, so I thin thats a little bit more maybe on the preclinical side but as well on the RMS side. We probably have seen a little bit more softening in our large biopharmaceutical accounts in the research model side, and I think other than that, I dont know that I would add anything else.
Andy  Morgan Stanley: Okay. So just a follow-up on that  there was just a little softening versus where you guys where when you reported 2Q. Do you think that trend is going to continue into next year, or its really just some cautiousness turning to the end of the year and you expect things to rebound?
James Foster: Well, year-end is always a little bit of a seminal moment. We are putting our plans together as we speak, and well be providing guidance in mid-December so thats probably a data point or a point in time where we could give you a little bit more clarity on that.
Andy - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And well go to Ross Muken with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken- ISI Group: I just have two quick follow-ups. Just one on the China business  I mean, my understanding, having been over there, is the models market is pretty price sensitive and theres a lot of local competitors, large academic and government-based institutions that sort of have their own. How do you see sort of the landscape in terms of the addressable market of the asset you purchased? Is it mainly western companies based over there, or is it sort of broader base of Chinese companies as well?
James Foster: Its going to be both, Ross. I mean, obviously were going to haveits going to be a much more straightforward proposition to sell higher quality and higher value models to international companies that are our clients in other parts of the world, but obviously were going to have a focus on educating the local user, both government and commercial start-ups in this sector, to the value of high quality animals. You know, weve done this for almost 70 years throughout the world, and the research results will be better. So it will take some time but as that market grows, we will have a central role in this, both geographically and in terms of the scientific quality of the animals, and through seminars and other things well educate this marketplace as weve educated other marketplaces throughout the world, so were quite confident in our ability to drive growth.  By the way, this business that were buying, while we havent broken it out, it has very good operating margins so were really happy with the value proposition. Weve got very high quality facilities with our own animals, and with our direct participation now and expansion, were really going to be able to educate the marketplace. Were hitting it just at a time where theres a lot of increased investment, both internally by the government and externally through these global pharmaceutical companies. Were really excited to be there in a significant way, and we think that we timed it quite well.
Ross Muken  ISI Group: And just secondarily from a COGS perspective, you guys have done a really good job at managing COGS and SG&A despite some of the volatility youve seen in the business. As you look going forward and sort of the margin targets where are we in terms of your ability to sort of deliver that 20% goal in the context of top line? I mean, how much is coming just from volume versus how much is coming from management of just sort of efficiencies and other pieces on the OPEX side? And if we see some choppiness, where are you getting the most flex in your cost structure to continue to be able to deliver the bottom line?
Thomas Ackerman: Yeah. Well, I would say  and its not getting any easier  most of our flex in our cost structure would really come from efficiencies. We have rung out concessions from our suppliers and well continue to do that, but we have mainstreamed sort of our merit increases a couple years ago, holding merit increases flat and things like that. We cant afford to do that forever, so I think you look at an environment where you have to increase wages each year at an appropriate rate. Well continue to work with our suppliers, but it gets harder and harder, and so well continue to look at efficiencies as well, although you get sort of the easy efficiencies out of the way earlier and then that gets harder and harder. So I do think well continue to do all those things. I think theyll contribute, but we also need to see an uptick in volume  you know, Jim talked about mid-single digits. We need to kind of see those type of numbers, continue to get price increases in the research model business, and gradually start to get price increases in the preclinical business. And I think if all those things dont come together, it will obviously be hard to get to a 20%-ish margin in a few years.
Ross Muken  ISI Group: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And at this time, there are no questions in queue. Please continue.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you all in the near future, and this concludes the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James C. Foster - Chairman, CEO, President and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - CFO and Corporate EVP Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gregory Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call and Meeting with Management. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given to you at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our second quarter results and review guidance for 2012. Following their presentations, we will respond to questions. At approximately 9:30 when the earnings portion of the conference call has concluded, we will continue with presentations by other senior managers. The webcast will continue through the end of these presentations, which should be at approximately 12 noon. There are two slide decks associated with todays presentation, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of todays presentations will be available beginning at 2 PM today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 253408. The replay will be available through August 22nd. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to, those discussed on our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2012, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Financial Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'll turn this over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our second quarter results before providing commentary on our business prospects. We reported sales of $285 million in the second quarter of 2012, due primarily to the negative effect of foreign exchange. Reported sales were approximately 1% lower than the second quarter of 11. Strong dollar impacted sales by 3%, so on a constant currency basis, the sales increase was approximately 2%. PCS business delivered a very good performance in the second quarter with sales increasing 3% over the prior-year on a constant currency basis. We were particularly pleased to see a sequential improvement in PCS sales, up $8.3 million or 8% over the first quarter. The increase was driven primarily by the improvement in In-Life sales, both non-GLP and GLP services and also by the BPS business, which you may recall had a weak first quarter.
 : The operating margin increased 20 basis points from the second quarter of 2011 and improved 170 basis points sequentially to 19.4%. The improvement was driven by the PCS business. Although declining 90 basis points year-over-year sequentially, the PCS margin increased by 420 basis points to 13.1% primarily due to higher sales. The RMS margin benefited from an insurance payment we received related to the 2011 earth quake in Japan and offset a decline due primarily to lower sales of large models. As a result, the RMS margin was 32.8%, 20 basis points over the prior-year and just 50 basis points below the outstanding first quarter performance. Earnings per diluted share increased by 7.1% in the second quarter of 2012 to $0.75 per share from $0.70 in the second quarter of 11. The EPS increase was driven primarily by the lower number of shares outstanding. We continue to return value to shareholders in the second quarter through our share repurchase plan with a purchase of approximately 458,000 shares of $15.3 million. We are on track to purchase between 1 million and 2 million shares this year, which we noted when we gave our 2012 guidance last December. We are reaffirming our constant currency sales guidance of 1% to 3% and raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2012 to a range of $2.53 to $2.73. Were confident that our targeted sales efforts are enabling us to strengthen relationships with all of our clients and to gain market share. Although the volatility of demand impedes stronger sales growth in the near-term, we continue to believe that weve positioned ourselves for higher growth as a large pharma client base increasingly turns to outsourcing for the expertise that they no longer need to retain in-house. In anticipation were continuously striving to improve our internal efficiency and to implement systems and capabilities which give us a competitive edge. The benefits of these actions as well as our stock repurchases are evident in our EPS and give us the confidence to increase our non-GAAP EPS guidance. Id like to provide some details on the segment performance. The RMS segment delivered a very good performance with sales of a $173.6 million. The year-over-year decline was due primarily to foreign exchange, which reduced sales by 3.8% and constant dollars RMS sales increased 1.2%. The growth rate was lower than the first quarter for a number of reasons. First, as we discussed on our first quarter call, weve historically seen seasonality in Europe with second quarter sales growth lagging the first quarter. We also commented that in Japan the fiscal year ends in March leading to higher spending in the first quarter and the usual delays in spending and to start of the new budget year in April. Global pharma was the third factor. As earlier elimination of molecules and industry consolidation both through acquisition and capacity reductions resulted in lower volumes. And finally sales of large models declined again as sponsors continued to shift to less expensive agent models. All these factors were evident in sales of Research Models, which decreased 3.4% in the second quarter of 12 compared to the second quarter of 2011. However, excluding the negative effect of foreign exchange Research Model sales were effectively unchanged. Europe still delivered sales growth excluding foreign exchange, although at a lower rate in the first quarter. Japan also had higher sales in the second quarter of last year, which was impacted after the aftermath of the earth quake. Looking at the balance of the year, we expect sales of Research Models to continue to decline primarily due to normal seasonality. However, we expect the RMS segment as a whole to remain stable from the second quarter levels as services and In Vitro offset the decline in models. As was the case in the first quarter, the largest RMS sales contributions came from our In Vitro business followed by our Discovery Research Services or DRS business. Excluding foreign exchange these two businesses continue to drive growth at a double-digit rate. In Vitro business delivered an outstanding performance in the second quarter with sales growth exceeding 10%. As weve continuously reported the PTS franchise including the newer Multi-Cartridge System or MCS performed extremely well. Instrument sales was strong and the number of cartridges used per reader per-day, a key performance indicator increased in the quarter. The PTS products appeal to a wide variety of clients because of the ease of use and fast accurate results. The smaller businesses, such as nuclear pharmacies and small manufacturers, the benefits are immediate. They can test in-house without the delays associated with outside lab services. For our larger clients the conversion process is more complex requiring high throughput capabilities and in some cases revalidation for regulatory agencies. The benefits however are just as compelling. The advent of the automated MCS scheduled to launch in the second half of 2012 addresses the throughput issue for our large biopharmaceutical clients. And were offering training and consulting services to assist with the implementation and validation process. We already have clients committed to the automated MCS based on the significant opportunity represented by these larger clients, were very optimistic that this business will continue to grow, at a constant currency rate of 10%. Foster Jordan will tell you more about the PTS business later this morning. Discovery Research Services or DRS, was another growth driver in the second quarter for both RMS and PCS. As you know our North Carolina and Finland businesses are reported in RMS and all other non-GLP discovery services are reported in PCS. Regardless of which segment you look at, this business is benefiting on three fronts. First, from the decision by many of our large client to outsource these services as evidenced by our strategic partnership with a major global pharma company. Second, from the shift in R&D to eliminate more molecules earlier in the process and third, from the focus on oncology. Our DRS business provides the non-GLP services, which are clients need to make earlier go and no go decisions on which molecules should advance through the pipeline. In our largest therapeutic area of expertise is oncology to which the greatest percentage of research dollars is directed. Elise Martin manages the strategic partnership with Charles River will give you more insight into our Discovery Services shortly, so I wont comment further here. I will simply say that we believe were very well positioned to gain market share in outsource Discovery Services and particularly with our large biopharmaceutical clients. Table on slide 13 summarizes the second quarter sales performance for the RMS segment compared to the second quarter of 2011. On a constant currency basis, Research Model sales were essentially flat at $87 million, services increased to 0.5% to $54 million and other products increased 5.3% to $32.5 million. Service sales increased primarily due to the DRS business. For the first half of 2012, DRS represented approximately 10% of total Charles River sales. About 1/3 of this amount is reflected in RMS and the other 2/3s in PCS. Both of these businesses  both of the businesses in other products contributed to the significantly lower growth rate compared to the first quarter. for the first quarter of 2012 we noted that In Vitros growth rate far exceeded the expected 10% and now we anticipated growth for the remainder of 2012 to approximately 10%. In addition, comparisons for the Avian business became more challenging in second quarter of 12 as we anniversaried some supply issues, which had depressed prior period results. As I mentioned, the RMS operating margin was 32.8% in the second quarter compared to 32.6% in the second quarter of 2011. And on a sequential basis, just 50 basis points below the outstanding first quarter results. The insurance payment offsets a decline from lower sales of large models and our continued efficiency initiatives also helped to maintain the operating margin well above the 30% level. At a $111.1 million, PCS sales in the second quarter increased approximately 1% from the second quarter of 2011 and 3% in constant currency. The sequential increase was outstanding. At $8.3 million or 8.1% this was the best sequential performance since 2008. As I mentioned, the BPS business, which was a drag on first quarter results improved in the second quarter as expected. However, the primary driver of the improvement was the In-Life business both non-GLP services and GLP safety assessment. Ive already discussed the increase in non-GLP Discovery Services, which is being driven by our clients intensified focus on earlier elimination of molecules from the pipeline and moving forward only with those molecules which have the greatest likelihood of commercial success. This focus is evidenced by the strategic partnership with a major global pharma client as well as the increasing proportion of discovery studies in our sales mix, and our continuing discussions were having with other large pharma clients. Discussions concerning additional strategic partnerships are ongoing as our clients grapple with the logistics of how and what to outsource. In our opinion its no longer a question of if, but rather when. As a result of the organizational changes and process improvements weve made, as well as the IT infrastructure we put in place, we believe were extremely well positioned to be the partner of choice for our clients. Nancy Gillett will discuss this concept with you shortly. We were very pleased to see a small increase in GLP safety assessment studies. I mentioned in the first quarter that reproductive toxicology studies had improved and weve continued to see some increased activity in other areas. Even the volatility of the large pharma market in the limited visibility of demand in general, its still too early to say that were seeing a sustained improvement in the safety assessment market. I will say that were currently seeing better proposal quality and an increase in longer term studies and this supports our belief that this is a stable to slightly improving market. With market stabilization and our success of winning new business, our facilities are filling. Although we havent reached the optimal utilization level overall, we do have some of our facilities running at or near capacity. The actions weve taken over the last four years to harmonize and standardize our preclinical sites have been instrumental in giving our clients the confidence to place work at multiple sites. They can choose a site based on proximity or study-start timing with the knowledge that they have full access to Charles Rivers expertise wherever they reside and that the data can be easily obtained on a consistent format regardless of site. Higher sales, improved capacity utilization, and DPS recovery resulted in the 420 basis point sequential improvement in the PCS operating margin to 13.1% in the second quarter. The year-over-year decline of 90 basis points is attributable to a greater proportion of shorter term studies in the sales mix as well as the initial transfer of protocols under the strategic partnership. Were making excellent progress on the transition and the partnership is working extremely well, in addition to the direct comments theyve made, we believe our partners willingness to act as a reference to Charles River indicates their satisfaction with the relationship. Weve been working collaboratively with the client at every step to ensure smooth transition of the work. And both we and theyre very pleased with our progress to date. As the relationship solidifies, we truly believe that the client is viewing its colleagues at Charles River as critical partners on the same side of the table. Not us and them, but one seamless discovery and development team. Were very pleased to report another strong quarter for non-GAAP earnings per share and to increase both our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2012. We believe the biopharmaceutical companies continue to move forward with outsourcing as a cornerstone of their goal to improve efficiency and enhance the productivity of drug development pipeline. Our continuing discussions with multiple large clients concerning strategic relationships indicate to us that they value Charles Rivers broad portfolio of early stage products and services, our scientific expertise and our flexible solutions to the drug development challenges. We continue to believe that the breadth of our integrated portfolio, our deep scientific expertise in In Vivo biology, rigorous management of our business and intensive focus on our four key initiatives are the foundation for the successful execution of our business strategy today and in the future. In conclusion, Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and our shareholders for their support. And Id now like Tom Ackerman to give you the second quarter financial details.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. Second quarter results were quite favorable, highlighted by a 19.4% operating margin and EPS of $0.75 as well as the rebound in PCS sales to $111 million. This was particularly impressive in light of the increasingly negative impact from foreign exchange, which reduced reported sales by approximately $9 million or 3.1% and EPS by nearly $0.03 when compared to the second quarter of last year. Sequentially, reported sales declined by slightly over $1 million or 0.4%, but would have been unchanged excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We are pleased with the meaningful improvement in the consolidated operating margin, which increased 170 basis points sequentially and the $0.05 increase in EPS. Higher operating income versus the first quarter contributed $0.07 to EPS driven by the improvement in PCS sales and operating margin as well as lower unallocated corporate costs. In aggregate, items below the operating line reduced EPS by approximately $0.02, driven primarily by a $2 million unfavorable shift in other income. I will now walk you through these drivers in more detail. PCS contributed nearly $0.08 to the sequential EPS improvement as the segment sales and operating margin increased significantly as a result of improved demand across all areas, non-GLP Discovery Services, GLP safety assessment, and biopharmaceutical services. The decline in RMS sales and operating income offset the majority of the PCS improvement due primarily to lower sales volume for Research Models, particularly in Europe and Japan coupled with a negative impact of foreign exchange. Operating income for the RMS segment included an insurance settlement related to last years disaster in Japan, which benefited the second quarter RMS operating margin by approximately 100 basis points and EPS by approximately $0.02. In addition to the normal seasonal trends which impact the RMS segment in the second half of the year, we expect the second quarter insurance settlement to be a sequential headwind to the RMS margin in the third quarter. Unallocated corporate costs were also a significant contributor to the sequential operating margin and EPS increase. Unallocated corporate cost declined by $3.3 million sequentially to $16.3 million in the second quarter, almost entirely due to very favorable health and fringe-related costs. We continue to expect unallocated corporate cost to be at or slightly above 6% of sales for the full-year. Net interest expense was stable in the second quarter at $4.4 million, representing a slight improvement from the first quarter level of $4.8 million. We continue to benefit from lower average debt balances as well as lower interest rates. Based on these continued benefits we now expect net interest expense to be approximately $18 million to 20 million in 2012. As I mentioned earlier, other income was unfavorable by $2 million on a sequential basis. This was driven by several factors, including losses related to certain investments, primarily those associated with the deferred compensation plan and changes in foreign exchange translation. Since changes to other income are primarily driven by market based returns, we do not forecast this line item. Our non-GAAP tax rates of 26.1% for the second quarter and 26.4% for the first half was slightly more favorable than our guidance range of 26.5% to 27.5% for the year, primarily due to true-ups of prior-year tax returns in Canada. Since this discrete item was not expected to recur in the second half of this year, we continue to forecast that our tax rate for 2012 will be within the guidance range. I will now provide an update on cash flow and capital priorities. Free cash flow in the second quarter was $47.9 million compared to $58.6 million last year. Year-to-date free cash flow totaled $59.1 million. We continue to expect to achieve free cash flow in a range of $160 million to $170 million for 2012 because we typically generate greater free cash flow in the second half of the year. CapEx in the first half was $23.6 million, which puts us on track to spend approximately $50 million in 2012 as we previously expected. We continue to balance our capital priorities between modest capital expenditures, stock repurchases and debt payment, while evaluating potential smaller acquisitions. We repurchased approximately 458,000 shares for $15.3 million in the second quarter and 806,000 shares for $27.8 million in the first half of 2012. As of June 30th, we had $88.5 million outstanding under our stock repurchase authorization. We continue to anticipate that we repurchased between 1 million and 2 million shares in 2012. Our total debt declined by approximately $18 million in the second quarter as we continue to repay debt modestly ahead of the scheduled installments on the term loan. We expect accelerated repayment activity to continue over the remainder of the year. You may have noticed that our balance of current debt totaled $134 million in the second quarter, the increase relates to the June 30, 2013 maturity of our $350 million convertible debt, which now occurs in less than one-year. As a result of the impending maturity, we require to include a portion of the debt as short-term, but only the portion of the convert that could not be refinanced utilizing the existing capacity available on our current revolving credit facility. The remainder continues to be classified as long-term debt. We are currently evaluating our options to address the convert obligation, but do not expect to provide further details until a decision has been made. We are very pleased that S&P reaffirmed our investment-grade credit rating and upgraded our outlook to stable from negative during the second quarter. As Jim discussed, weve maintained a 1% to 3% constant currency sales guidance, while upgrading our reported sales outlook to reflect more significant headwind from foreign exchange. Foreign exchange is now expected to reduce reported sales by 2% compared to our prior estimate of 1%. Based on our current estimate, foreign exchange is now expected to reduce full-year 2012 sales by nearly $25 million and EPS by approximately $0.07 versus last year. The primary driver of this change is related to the weakening of the euro which has a more significant impact on our RMS segment. We recently completed an extensive review of our Eurozone exposure and concluded that our exposure to higher-risk regions is quite limited. We generate less than 5% of total sales in operating income and higher-risk Eurozone countries, including Italy and Spain and have thorough and continuous credit monitoring for clients in this region as we do for all of our clients. In addition, while sales growth in Europe slowed somewhat in the second quarter, our European businesses continue to perform quite well and posted another constant currency sales increase. We believe the slower growth rate was related to ongoing site consolidations and cost-saving programs at several large biopharmaceutical clients, and not the macroeconomic conditions in Eurozone. Since our exposure is weighted towards the more stable Western European economies, such as Germany and France, we do not anticipate that macroeconomic issues will have a meaningful impact on our second half results beyond the translational impact of the weaker euro. For the year we raised our non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of 263 to 273, we recognized our EPS exceeded expectations in each of the first two quarters of 2012 were remained conscious with our outlook due to a number of factors. First, as I just mentioned movements in foreign exchange rates particularly the euro, were unfavorable during the second quarter leading to the $0.07 headwind for the year. In addition, we expect normal RMS seasonality in the second half of the year, which would result in slightly lower sales than the first half level, and an operating margin slightly below 30%. Following the significant sequential increase in PCS sales, we remained cautiously optimistic that PCS trends will be stable in the second half of the year. The business has stabilized and demand improved in the second quarter. However, visibility remains limited and based on our experience in the last few years, preclinical activity has trended lower in the second half. As a result, we expect preclinical sales to be slightly lower in Q3 and Q4, versus the second quarter level of $111 million with some moderation in the PCS operating margin. I would also like to point out that the lower end of our sales and EPS outlook takes into account the uncertain macroeconomic and funding environment. We understand that demand would need to take a meaningful step down to approach the lower end of our guidance range and while we do not expect this will occur, we believe our guidance range is appropriate in light of the market uncertainties that persist. Our outlook incorporates these headwinds, which we believe will culminate in third quarter consolidated sales and EPS being at the low point for the year. This is consistent with historical seasonal trends in the last two years although we do not believe the RMS sales decline from Q2 to Q3 will be as quite as pronounced this year. In addition we expect the tax rate and unallocated corporate cost to be slightly higher sequentially and we do not expect to benefit from the Japan insurance settlement that contributed $0.02 to second quarter EPS. To conclude, we are pleased with our strong first half performance and remain cautiously optimistic that underlying business trends will remain stable for the remainder of the year. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: We are happy to take your questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Ross Muken with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Hi, good morning guys. So, as we think about sort of the assumption on PCS for the rest of the year, I mean, I realize some of the visibility is limited. I mean, as you feel like the trend just happened in terms of the roll in of the new strategic partner as well as maybe some of the moving parts on the big-pharma and mid-pharma side, I mean where do you feel like you were most surprised, it seems like positively relatively to how kind of the second quarter or the entire sort of first half has played out in that business?
James C. Foster: Where were we most surprised, is that what you said?
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yeah.
James C. Foster: I am not sure we were surprised. We were certainly pleased with the results. I think were executing quite well. I think were doing extremely well competitively. The strategic deal that we did we worked several years to get that and so were now seeing the benefit of that. So, the strength that weve seen in the first half of the year, particularly in the second quarter with preclinical, I think has been a long time coming. I think its a combination of our competitive strength, our flexibility in the marketplace and how were utilizing our capacity. Given what's going on for the last four years, given the lack of visibility, the inherent volatility in the business model, really difficult for us to just assume that things will continue to improve going forward and that well continue to build share sort of at the rate that we have in the second quarter, we would obviously be delighted for that to happen. So, I think were taking a very an appropriately realistic look at the business. We have also had sort of a second quarter decline for the last few years just generally. People seem to get out of the starting gates faster and crank out off into the second quarter. We see some seasonality in the third and fourth quarter. So, again I think weve defined the year as we see it based upon our historical experiences and kind of real life activity.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Thanks. I guess on the cost side, I mean you guys have been very strong in terms of pulling extraneous costs out of the business. Youve gotten some pretty good leverage even when top-line wasnt sort of where it needed to be. I guess, in the context of and I dont want to steal too much thunder from later, but do you feel like the margin progression, the path that youre on, theres still quite a bit of headroom there in terms of rationalizing the SG&A line, and do you feel like more of the benefit going forward as we think about margin expansion here is probably going to come more from the gross line?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, yes. We continue to have a process improvement program internally. We did mention at the outside of the year that, through that program we expect it to realize $25 million in savings during 2012 which were on track to do. And given these competitive environment that we continue to find ourselves in process improvements for our efficiency and quality continue to be a high-priority within the company. So, I continue to believe that well do that. Were focused a lot more on a preclinical environment historically. Were focusing aggressively as well in the research model market and services segment as well at the current time. Well continue to leverage SG&A as best we can. Some of those expenses were a little bit lower this quarter as we mentioned due to some of our health related benefits which were a little bit hard to predict. I do think that those will pick-up a little bit. So, I think looking forward as you asked, I think well probably find a little bit more leverage in the operating margins and probably a little bit less of that will come from the SG&A, thats our target and were going to continue to work hard at that.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Thanks Tom.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, thanks. Dave Windley at Jefferies. I have a three-parter on the strategic deal. So first, can you call out how much it really improved sequentially on revenue, how much did it contribute sequentially in revenue? From your comments -- the second part of it, from your comments on the protocol transfers affecting the margin, was it actually dilutive to margin in PCS in the second quarter? And then third, in your bullets in some of the slides you talked about this moving toward 5% of revenue in 2013. Jim, Ive also heard you talk about it trending toward kind of $100 million run rate which would I think be quite a bit higher than 5% of revenue in 2013, and so I wanted to get clarification on what the top-end looks like for the strategic deals; so sequential revenue, margin and then top-end.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Well I think we talked about the client increasing to 5% of sales, right? going from 2.5%, there. This particular client historically has been 2.5% so they would increase to 5%, so essentially doubling to put the upper-end range on where we are. We do hope ultimately they will do more than that with the client but as defined in the terms of the agreement thats kind of where we expect it to be, but were looking at and have been successful in some areas of actually pulling in other ancillary business not contemplated within a deal in with that client. We didnt say specifically what we drew sequentially in from the strategic partnership, but sales are up. I dont think at this particular point in time we want to break that out quarter-to-quarter, but the sales have improved somewhat. And given the number of facilities that we are using, some facilities actually the margin has increased and other facilities where there is a greater transfer of assays, we have actually seen some expense headwinds which was I think the comment that Jim had made a little earlier.
James C. Foster: Okay, I was at this client for most of the day, a couple of days ago. And theres an enormous amount of additional opportunity for us to work with them beyond this particular deal and we really have gotten to the point that the conversation was such that, it wasnt the client and a bunch of Charles River people, it was really -- it felt like we were the client which is definitely our goal here. So, I certainly think $100 million is in our foreseeable future maybe 2013 was a little bit early, just to clarify that, maybe not, but perhaps, but where we continue to talk about additional services that we can provide them as they continue to rationalize their cost structure and I do think as we said before, this is a really good template for other deals and other relationships and other conversations were going to have with clients. All of the big drug companies are going to have to rationalize their infrastructures faster and as we continue to demonstrate our capability to have multiple sites working in units and great IT interface quality of the science and data and as they begin to see us the same I think its a very powerful transformation that were actually in the midst of right now.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and if I could follow-up on a clarification on the guidance if we do the math, the second half Tom as you kind of talked about, second half is pretty substantially down on a kind of run rate basis from what youve done in the first half. And if I -- I want to make sure I interpreted your comments, unless things get really bad, youre kind of taking the bottom-end of the range off the table, but the factors that could drive sequentially the earnings down would be, the healthcare cost were a big benefit about $2 million swing in the second quarter. Tax rate was a little low. The insurance settlement was a couple of pennies, its positive in the second quarter, those kind of factors. Is that the right interpretation and did I leave anything else? Thanks.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Pretty much Dave, thats a good summary. We have, as Jim said earlier the research model business is down in the third quarter due to seasonality both in the top-line and the margin. As we said we think that the preclinical business itself on a sales basis will be reasonably stable. We did say that it would be moderately lower, but still higher than Q1  meaningfully higher than Q1 and a little bit lower than the Q2 numbers. So, I think its fairly consistent with what we have seen in the past years with the exception of a couple of the one-off that you actually referred to.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Hi. This is Garen Sarafian, Citigroup. Well, first congratulations on that PCS the uptick after some numerous quarters of declines. I was just wondering, how  (Multiple Speakers)
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right, sure. Garen Sarafian, Citigroup. On PCS, how has the recent changes in the toxicology competitive landscape contribute to the results, is it just -- its coincidence or if you could just, you can qualitatively speak to the supply consolidations, rationalizations in the sector impacting your results, and how typically -- how long do they typically last, if its a tailwind?
James C. Foster: Our competitive situation is really strong in preclinical. We did a lot of our internal rationalization of space and staff earlier than some of our competition. We spend a lot of time on IT interface and were really listening to the clients and not trying to drive this -- sort of this is the way we work and you need to work with us in this fashion. And were seeing share gains with multiple competitors, large and small. And so -- and a lot of that has to do with the fact that weve been working really hard with what we call our mid-tier clients kind of small pharma and value tech clients to make sure they understand that. And not only we not to large came to face with them, but we can do that well and that were structured to do that efficiently. So as weve seen an uptick in our mid-tier clients we have several clients that we have all of the share; we have increasing share with others. We have seen share gains with some clients and in competitive bid processes which we are in constantly with large and small competitors were winning sort of an undue number of those bids versus what happened historically. So, I dont know, its a lot of factors where I think we really figured out how to put our best foot forward. In the final analysis putting price aside which is hard to do but as were able to compete competitively it continues to be all about the science, and all about the interface and all about the responsiveness and turnaround time and I think were actually continuing to do that better, and the conversation for instance that we had with this large client that were working with, we have this big contract with. Were serving this contract for multiple child service sites and what this, and they said the other day that theyre so pleased with the fact that the molecule goes in one place and they get the answer back and they have no sense that theyre dealing with multiple sites and thats actually been our goal in preclinical for years. I do think that we have achieved that in large measure and were continuing to enhance driver efficiency that we can do that even better going forward.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you mentioned price, and when does pricing -- when capacity becomes more rationalized then theres more leverage for stable and perhaps even increasing pricing. How has pricing trended in toxicology in the last 6 to 12 months then?
James C. Foster: I think pricing is relatively stable. Its a big issue with everyone. And our capacity is feeling, as I said in my prepared remarks some of our sites are actually at what we call our full capacity utilization levels, optimal capacity utilization levels. I think thats going to be -- continued to be helpful. We constantly test pricing as we did on things. But were not assuming that were going to have it, so we just sat down and did our three year plan and we have very little price in there, we have some but we have very little price. The assumption is that were going to have to drive efficiency which we are in the combination of efficiency and volumes I think it is conspiring to, help improve the operating margins.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thank you.
James C. Foster: Sure.
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Hi, thanks. This is Tim Evans, Wells Fargo. Could you talk about, a little bit about your IT infrastructure; where youre in that build out, where you have left to go and how that might be contributing to the, I guess, improved win rate that you were just talking about?
James C. Foster: Sure. We went through an ERP process a few years ago, and we saw the benefits in our preclinical business almost immediately. We were able to get very refined data and particularly on the cost side to enhance our ability to bid successfully. So, I think, some of the share that were getting frankly, particularly with these competitive pricing scenarios is based on really understanding our cost well and knowing how far we can go. So, thats improving dramatically. We have to still roll out our ERP with, in our European locations, in RMS we are in the final stages of developing a plan to do that, and we understand what -- where the benefits came and how to rollout certain aspects of that. So, thats in the drawing board. In terms of our IT interface with our preclinical clients we have very, very specific needs. In particular, they want to get online and see the data. They want to know that its confidential, they want to know that its relatively real time and they dont want you to necessarily tell they want to see it or discuss it with you, and the space yield that we did last November and in others that were beginning to work on, were putting together I dont want to call them unique, but sort of QUOSA unique structural relationships with the clients from an IT point of view. So, theyll have to be somewhat customized, the point being that they want to see the reports and not recognize them as coming from Charles River. So the best compliment we got the other day was the client saying, were getting all these reports from you and it feels exactly like its coming from our internal operations. So, well continue to do that, well continue to refine our interface with them and well continue to build out our ERP capabilities.
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just one clarification on the strength that youre seeing in regulated safety assessment; how broad is that from a client perspective and from maybe  are you seeing in both, small clients, large clients et cetera. And also can you just clarify is it up both year-over-year and sequentially?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yeah of both, we have a really good composite right now. So, were seeing particular strength in the small clients. The problem with the big clients is, you have very, very big wins and then you have major consolidations with some of your customers that can kind of outset that but for the companies that arent so dismantling themselves were seeing some very big wins there as well. So, yeah its -- the studies are still shorter than we would like them or that they have been historically but having said that were seeing more specialty work right now. Were seeing the studies elongate, so the better were seeing more complexity in this studies and were seeing higher quality proposals from the clients coming in asking us to bid. So, this is all sort of working together to improve the mix a little bit and to improve the overall volume. Obviously the sequential pop was more significant.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Good morning. This is Doug Schenkel. Can you hear me now?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I think its on there -- I can hear you but its not on.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Its not on. All right, Ill talk louder.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Okay.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Here we go. Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Thanks for taking the questions and thanks for hosting this, this morning. First, really a question for I think Tom; a very nice improvement in PCS margin in the quarter. It doesnt sound like the strategic partnership had a meaningful impact on operating margin, good or bad relative to what you reported in the quarter. At least if I am understanding things correctly, if thats the case, would you be willing to provide any color on how much of the margin improvement is attributable to utilization versus product mix versus any other notable contributors FX price again it seemed like there was a very nice improvement relative to Q1.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yeah, I think the largest contribution to the margin improvement in PCS is obviously volume which relates to capacity of utilization of course. I think the strategic partnership is contributing. Its contributing at or above where all of our preclinical businesses are. So we are seeing some headwinds in at least one location as we ramp up assays, but a couple of the other locations that are more managed have been doing better, and of course some of that work is actually on the RMS, so were seeing some benefits in the RMS from the strategic partnership as well. So, I think the key driver as I said and you sort of referred to is really the capacity utilization.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, thanks for that. And then, I may be jumping the gun on Fosters presentation for later this morning, but I guess, Ill ask the question anyway. Any changes in how youre thinking about the total addressable market opportunity and then In Vitro you have a pending launch of the automated MCS, itll just be interesting to hear how things are building into the second half, any backlog details that youll be willing to share and anything that you might be willing to share in terms of just how things are going geography by geography?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I am not sure exactly what youre getting at. From an addressable market point of view as we continue to enhance these products and particularly as we move into the central average weve increased the market size.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yeah, thats where I am getting at; its just how has that evolved over the last few quarters?
Thomas F. Ackerman: And were taking share as we convert our clients from our competitions technology. Its still early days there, so thats actually quite positive as our technology improves and we get deeper with our clients. Were quite confident were going to be able to continue to grow those business at sort of 10 percent-ish top-line run rate. Weve got very, very attractive operating margins in that business as well and weve gotten very efficient in terms of our ability to both manufacture the devices and price them, and our approach has basis the price is actually higher for the client, but their overall labor component internally will drop in the speed at which they get the answer is so much more profound, that theyre happy to do that. So, we feel were going to be able to continue to convert the market over the next few years. And I am sure well have new products coming out over that timeframe as well.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Sure.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Hi, good morning. Its Tycho Peterson, JP Morgan. Just following up on your comments in the strategic deal; I am wondering if you can talk to your appetite and bandwidth for other deals and should we assume that these all would also come with some margin pressure initially as you ramp. And, as youve had success with the first deal, do you expect follow-on deals to start kind of piecemeal with the trial period or can you actually go and shop a larger deal from a strategic perspective to other partners?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yeah, this deal has definitely helped us generate conversations with other clients, in fact we always indicated a couple of times now that we have actually used the big clients that we have, by the way I was with them as I said earlier this week and we talked about how nice it would be to be able to name them. So we dont have to euphemistically keep talking around in circles here, but nevertheless, yeah I mean it helped us in a lot of ways to enhance the conversations and sort of two things are happening at once. One is that were establishing the fact that this sort of work can be done externally by someone like Charles River over multiple therapeutic areas without losing speed. Speed is a big issue for these clients. So, without losing speed and without in anyway sacrificing the quality of the science. At the same time, many, many other companies have drugs rolling out patent, reducing infrastructure and are going through exactly the same situation. The preclinical capacity is and can be used for regulated studies and non-regulated studies. So from a capacity point of view we definitely have the bandwidth to add additional large contracts. I think weve said publicly two or three of similar scale. We have much of the senior scientific staff that we need, but in specific therapeutic areas I think were going to need to flush that out further. So, were talking about adding primarily technician level people and making sure that the IT interface is specifically designed for that client. So, well be able to do them faster perhaps, it really depends on the client and the geography and the mix and their therapeutic area and what their individual assays look like. For sure theres going to be a startup here with everyone where youre transferring the protocols and were making sure that we are getting them right and theyre happy with it. So, if it takes a half a year to wrap these things up I think that will be fine. Theres a modest impact on large initiative there and its modest and I think once youre up to full strength well be able to offset that.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then theres a follow-up, you touched on M&A as one of the uses in capital, I mean should we assume that [by a series] to add additional capabilities and if so whether obvious areas clients are asking about and alternatively, geographically are there areas that would be interesting, theres obviously another Chinese asset up for sale, so just curious just to your thoughts there.
James C. Foster: So without specifically answering that question; were quite active in M&A right now and I would say its across three of four different buckets. Yes, were looking geographically. Were looking to expand some of our current service offerings with additional technical capabilities and were looking to expand the whole offering with some capabilities that we dont have now and we continue to look entirely upstream. So, the whole focus is earlier as the drugs are developed, and perhaps more to come on that.
Gregory Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Hi, Greg Bolan from Sterne Agee. So to follow-up on the earlier question on the In Vitro business, would you characterize the addressable market as kind of going from $50 million about three or four years ago, to about $200 million today?
James C. Foster: Yeah I think weve sized it about $400 million now.
Gregory Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And is the multi-cartridge system included in that $400 million estimate?
James C. Foster: Yeah.
Gregory Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just thinking again about the leverage ratio now seems low, what's the thought process between accelerating debt payments versus adding more to the share repurchase program?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yeah, well were comfortable with our leverage ratio at this particular point in time. As we have mentioned in the past we have a split rating with the two agencies, one is investment grade and one is a couple of notches below and for a lot of reasons the other company is pretty comfortable with that. So, we did lever up to do a lot of share repurchases last couple of years. And as we look at capital deployment going forward, well continue to buy some shares which were doing this year. In terms of M&A Jim mentioned there is some things that were looking out, out there smaller type acquisitions well look at the impact that, that has on our available cash and well probably monitor our debt closely. We did talk about the convert briefly. Well be working hard to look at options for that next year which we have been doing already. So, now I think the company is pretty comfortable with our debt basically where it is.
Gregory Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Thank you. Good morning.
James C. Foster: Good morning.
Susan E. Hardy: Good morning.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Jim it sounds like your strategic partnership provides you with a lot more clarity and an insight into how your large customers are thinking about prioritizing to work. Has this change in anyway your overall view on the value given the type of work not necessarily the pricing and the margin structure for the PCS segment on a steady state perspective?
James C. Foster: Sorry Ricky, its really hard to hear your question.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I can repeat it. Can you hear me better now?
James C. Foster: A little bit.
Susan E. Hardy: A little bit.
James C. Foster: Speak slowly.
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The question is really around, how the strategic partnership that you now have that gives you more clarity and more insights how large customers are thinking about their work. Has this change your overall view on the value and margin structure for the PCS segment on kind of like longer term basis?
Susan E. Hardy: Does it change our view on what Ricky?
Ricky Goldwasser - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the value and margin structure for PCS and its given the type of work that the large customer wants to do with you and not necessarily the pricing structure.
James C. Foster: So I think youre asking about the additional large strategic deals and the impact it will have on operating margins in that sector going forward. And so if thats the question, with regard to the preclinical assets and margins were aspiring from mid to high teens these days and I think we should be in the hunt to do that. Some of the services that we actually reported in the RMS sector particularly from our Finland and North Carolina facilities have higher operating margins and we would be quite confident that we would be able to maintain those as well.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Ricky what I would add and Tycho referred to that a little bit before is, certainly the strategic partnering environment is competitive from a pricing standpoint. Some of the benefits to the company are clearly the incremental volume which allows us to fill some of our space. We do collaborate quite closely with our clients and as smart as we think we're we have found a number of different ways to actually do the work more efficiently through our clients and interacting with them. As Jim mentioned and we have already seen this in some small areas, there is incremental other work that can be gained outside the partnership and one of the things that were learning more closely with our partners in these particular areas is the importance of gaining consistent stream of work. So, our clients are coming to learn that better as we work more closely with them the value of providing forecast and a steady state of work that allows us to use our workforce and our space more consistently and keep running more smoothly. So I think that, while that continues to be a competitive pricing environment, I think there are a number of other factors that will allow us to believe and as Jim said our margin will stay about where it is and improve into higher levels as we move forward.
Susan E. Hardy: We just have time for one more question. At this point we have other periods of time for question and answer later in the program.
Operator: Thank you. Well go to the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Your line is open.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Hi thanks very much, hopefully you can hear me. Just a follow-up question on the strategic discussions you are having. First of all the current strategic client; can you give us a sense of when you would expect that to get up to the 5% revenue range and then more broadly the other questions youre having -- the other discussions youre having with other strategic opportunities. Are you seeing those focused mainly on the discovery services areas or are you seeing a mix of both, regulatory and non-regulatory tox work?
Thomas F. Ackerman: So well exit the year at the 5% run rate and were tracking nicely towards that pretty much according to schedule in terms of the protocols being transferred to us and thats getting up to speed. So were quite confident and weve just reviewed that with them two days ago. Conversations with other clients are both sort of classic non-GLP discovery and also safety assessment. So I think were going to get some relationships that are one of the other or some that are both. That sort of space is being dismantled at multiple pharma companies, theyre taking vivarium space out that will impact all of that. So, on the safety assessment side, they have obviously known for years so we can do that, so thats a little more straightforward. On the Discovery side, a lot of it has been getting the word out that we have those capabilities, particularly across multiple therapeutic areas. I think we will continue to see it in both lines of business.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. Thanks. And Jim, one quick follow-up, it sounds like youre getting some nice list in your capacity utilization on the PCS side. Can you give us a sense about in aggregate how much more the business would have to grow before you just started bringing on additional staff?
James C. Foster: Additional staff? Weve been bringing on additional staff this year, at a couple of our locations. So weve been running lean, appropriately lean and as new work has been coming in weve been adding staff to make sure that we have the capability to do that and we will continue to do so, mostly at the technician level.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. Thanks very much.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Strategic Planning & Capital Allocation Committee Thomas F. Ackerman - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Beth Rose Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call will be recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to your hostess and conference facilitator, as well as your Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' First Quarter 2012 Conference Call and Webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our first quarter results and review guidance for 2012. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling (800) 475-6701. The international access number is (320) 365-3844. The access code in either case is 243794. The replay will be available through May 17. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to, those discussed on our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2012, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing a summary of our first quarter results before providing commentary on our business prospects.  We reported sales of $286 million in the first quarter of 2012, unchanged from the same period in 2011. The RMS business delivered an exceptionally strong performance in the first quarter. As was the case in the fourth quarter of 2011, both businesses in the segment reported higher year-over-year sales on both a reported and constant currency basis, driving the best quarterly results since the end of 2008 and better than the fourth quarter. The majority of these businesses also reported higher operating margins.  The PCS segment was moderately weaker than expected. Although the In-Life business was in line with our expectations, our Biopharmaceutical or BPS business performed significantly less well than expected. The operating margin declined 30 basis points from the first quarter of 2011 but improved 60 basis points sequentially to 17.7%. The increase was due primarily to the RMS margin, which improved on both a year-over-year and a sequential basis to 33.3%. Higher sales volume and process efficiency initiatives were the primary drivers of the improvement. Earnings per diluted share increased 14.8% in the first quarter of 2012 to $0.70 per share from $0.61 in the first quarter of 2011. The increase in earnings per share was driven primarily by the lower number of shares outstanding. We continued to return value to shareholders in the first quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 348,000 shares for $12.5 million. We are reaffirming our sales and EPS guidance for 2012. Although we have yet to see sustained signs of improvement from our large biopharma client base, we believe that demand for regulated safety assessment continues to remain relatively stable. Furthermore, the growth drivers we discussed on our conference call, Discovery Research Services, GEMS, Insourcing Solutions and In Vitro, are enabling us to generate higher sales.  Based on the first quarter sales increase, combined with our ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiency and the benefit of our stock repurchases, we maintain confidence in the guidance we gave on December 14.  I'd like to provide some details on the segment performance. In the first quarter, the RMS segment delivered an outstanding performance, the best since 2008. Sales were $183.2 million, 6.5% higher in constant currency than the first quarter of 2011 and approximately 5% higher sequentially when adjusting for the 53rd week. The largest sales contribution came from our In Vitro business followed by our Discovery Research Services business. These are 2 of the businesses which we have identified as growth drivers in 2012. And with double-digit gains for both, they've surpassed our expectations.  The In Vitro business delivered an outstanding performance in the first quarter. Sales growth exceeded 10% due primarily to the PTS family of products but also in part to timing. Though perhaps not as high as the first quarter rate, we expect this business to continue to deliver growth in the 10% range in 2012.  As has been the case in the last few years, the PCS franchise, including the new multi-cartridge system or MCS, is performing extremely well. As biopharmaceutical companies focus more on efficiency and cost, and the PTS establishes a longer track record in the field, our clients are becoming more open to conversion to the PTS technology. The results are faster, and testing with the PTS requires fewer trained personnel to execute than the older methods do. With the advent of the MCS and the expected launch of the automated MCS at mid-year, we believe we will be able to increase the uptake in manufacturers' central labs and convert a larger portion of the test market to our product. We are the market leader in number of tests performed each year, but to date, have only converted about 10% of tests to the PTS family. We continue to work with clients to facilitate conversion and are very optimistic that the PTS franchise will continue to drive growth. As was the case in the fourth quarter, sales for our Research Model Services businesses, which include Discovery Research Services or DRS, GEMS, RADS and Insourcing Solutions or IS, again gained more than 9%. DRS contributed the fastest growth rate, benefiting both from the expanded preferred provider agreement we signed in the fourth quarter with a major global pharma company and the focus on oncology by many of our clients. We have one of the largest vivo pharmacology franchises in oncology, and because of our expertise, many of our clients choose to utilize our services rather than maintain or expand in-house infrastructure. As the volume of Research Models Services increased, the operating margin also improved, which was one of the drivers in the segment margin increase. Our clients, particularly large pharma, are focusing more attention on discovery in order to eliminate molecules earlier in the drug development process, advancing only the most promising through the pipeline. The growth of our Discovery Research Services is evidence of this trend and confirmation of our thesis that biopharmaceutical companies are increasingly choosing to outsource services which they no longer consider core to their drug discovery and development process. Utilizing our personnel and facilities enables our clients to create flexible drug discovery and development operational models, which are pivotal to their ability to increase efficiency and reduce costs. As a recognized expert in, in vivo biology, we believe we are able to support their efforts in a manner that no other CRO can. Sales of research models increased in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011 and were up significantly on a sequential basis. The sequential increase is not surprising given the seasonal softness in the fourth quarter. However, first quarter sales were better than we expected, with Europe and Japan driving growth. As you know, Europe has consistently performed well over the last few years. We continue to believe this is due to 2 factors: the client mix in Europe, which includes more private pharma and government-funded research, and the fact that we believe we are taking market share from our largest competitor. Japan also performed extremely well, in part because of the comparison to the first quarter of last year, which was affected by the earthquake, and in part because of volume increases and market share gains. North America was up slightly as a result of higher sales to mid-tier and academic clients. The RMS operating margin was 33.3% in the first quarter compared to 31.2% in the first quarter of 2011 and 28.8% in the fourth quarter of last year. We were very pleased with this result, which was driven by higher sales volume and the benefit of process efficiency initiatives. The table on Slide 13 summarizes the first quarter sales performance for the RMS segment compared to the first quarter of 2011. On a constant currency basis, research model sales increased 1.4% to $94 million, services increased 9.2% to $56.3 million, and other products increased 19.1% to $32.8 million. I will also point out that Discovery Services in total increased slightly less than 10% of total Charles River sales. About 1/3 of this amount is reflected in RMS and the other 2/3 in PCS.  At $108.2 million, PCS sales in the first quarter declined 8.6% from the first quarter of 2011 and 7.6% in constant currency. As I mentioned, this was below our expectations due primarily to the BPS business. This business, which provides cell banking, process development, validation and manufacturing scale-up for biologics, is predominantly comprised of short-term projects with short lead times. We believe that the first quarter decline was due to clients starting off the year slowly as they prioritized projects and allocated new budgets, multiple project delays and low sample volumes related to certain preferred provider agreements. Because sales volume was very low, its impact on the PCS margin was significant. However, we expect the BPS business, which represents approximately 5% of total sales, to improve in the second quarter of 2012 due to the absence of some of the first quarter factors, as well as new business booked. When looking at the In-Life business, first quarter sales were consistent with the third and fourth quarters of 2011 when adjusted for the 53rd week and increased by approximately $1 million from the adjusted fourth quarter. Based on this performance and our outlook for 2012, we continue to believe that overall demand for our in-life services will remain stable, with the expected decline in regulated services partially offset by increasing demand for non-regulated services. The sales mix is still characterized by a greater proportion of shorter-term, non-regulated discovery services. This was expected given the shift in our clients' processes to eliminate molecules early in the drug development process, as well as the expanded preferred provider agreement. Interestingly, non-regulated studies are increasingly becoming more complex, as clients attempt to gain a better understanding of how their molecules perform sooner. The increase in non-regulated studies is visible in our capacity utilization, which improved in the first quarter. In addition, we have begun to see strengthening demand for reproductive toxicology. This is likely due to molecules which are advancing through the clinical trials and are at the stage where they require contemporaneous safety assessment work.  The PCS operating margin declined to 8.9% in the first quarter. While clearly not the outcome we wanted, most of the year-over-year sequential decline was due to BPS, which reduced the first quarter margin by approximately 180 basis points. Furthermore, as we mentioned on our February call, the fourth quarter margin benefited from a non-income-based tax adjustment which represented approximately 160 basis points. When adjusting for both of these items, the fourth quarter margin would have been approximately 11.4% and the first quarter margin would have been approximately 10.7% or a decline of approximately 70 basis points. We attribute this decline to the transfer of protocols under the expanded preferred provider agreement. Much of the work which transferred in the fourth quarter went to facilities that had already been providing non-TLC services for the client and were staffed to do so. In the first quarter, the client began transferring more protocols to facilities that had not performed a significant volume of these services, necessitating more start-up costs. We expect these costs to moderate in the second quarter as revenue begins to increase. I'd like to give you a brief update on the status of the expanded preferred provider agreement we signed with a leading global pharma company for its DMPK and in vivo pharmacology work. We have been working collaboratively with the client at every step to ensure a smooth transition of the work. And both we and they are very pleased with our progress to date. As the client becomes increasingly comfortable with our capabilities, together we are identifying more opportunities to expand the services we can provide outside the parameters of the recently added work. As the relationship solidifies, we truly believe that the client is viewing its colleagues at Charles River as critical partners on the same side of the table, not us and them, but one seamless discovery and development team.  We are continuing discussions with other large biopharmaceutical clients. We are confident that they are moving towards a shift to a more variable cost model through outsourcing. They recognize that outsourcing will enable them to access scientific expertise on a flexible basis and at a lower cost than they could by maintaining the infrastructure internally. As biopharmaceutical companies limit the number of providers with whom they do business, the opportunities for a top-tier partner like Charles River increase, and we are aggressively pursuing them.  We believe that the expanded preferred provider agreement is the template that we can use to assist other clients in their efforts to improve the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of their drug development models. And senior management from our partner has served as a reference for Charles River. I want to take a moment to discuss sales by client type. As you know, we segment our clients into 3 categories: global biopharma, mid-tier biopharma, and together, academic and government. In the first quarter of 2012, we saw growth in the mid-tier and academic sectors, but sales to large biopharma companies declined. Let me start by discussing the large clients. We have seen a continuation of the trends which we have experienced for the last few years. Large biopharmaceutical companies have reduced therapeutic areas, leaned out their pipeline and changed their models to eliminate molecules earlier in the discovery process, investing only in those molecules with the greatest commercial potential. This has led to a significant reduction in the amount of work clients outsource, and in some cases, to retention of work in-house while they make decisions about capacity reduction. In the first quarter, as expected, we saw a continued stabilization in many of these clients. However, a small number continued to steadily reduce the amount of work they outsource. We believe this is a function of their pipeline and the stage of development.  We did see some positive sales indicators for the global biopharma segment in the first quarter, including the award of some longer-term regulated studies in both North America and Europe. Consistent with the increased demand for reproductive toxicology, we believe these awards are indicators that some of our large biopharma clients are moving molecules through the clinical development process. The sales force realignment and related allocation of additional resources to the mid-tier and academic sectors is enabling us to enhance our visibility with clients and increase market share in both sectors. We were pleased that sales to our mid-tier biopharma clients increased approximately 5% year-over-year, and were up sequentially when adjusting for the 53rd week. Our focused sales efforts in the mid-tier are resulting in new business, and we intend to maintain our outreach to these clients, many of which are benefiting from funding by large pharma. Sales to the academic sector increased in the high single-digits year-over-year and in the low single-digits on a sequential basis. The powerful combination of our premium products and services at competitive prices has served us very well, particularly at this time when academic and government clients have been spending on basic research tools and services. We continued to believe that the rest of our integrated portfolio, our deep scientific expertise in, in vivo biology, rigorous management of our business, and intensive focus on our 4 key initiatives have enabled and will continue to enable us to manage our performance during this period when our clients are undergoing rapid and extensive change. As they change, it's incumbent upon us to do the same. Throughout this period, we are focused on improving our operational efficiency through the implementation of financial operations and scientific systems, all of which have increased our access to information and enhanced our ability to support our clients. We have added to our capabilities through internal development of new products and services, and hope to further expand our early-stage portfolio through strategic acquisitions. We have strengthened our balance sheet through management of capital and the early payment of debt, reducing our leverage to below 2.75x. We have returned value to shareholders through the cumulative repurchase of 18.5 million shares or 28% of the total outstanding shares when we began the program in August 2010. All of these actions have positioned us extremely well to provide clients with the support they need to achieve their goals of more efficient, cost-effective and productive drug development.  At the same time, we believe our actions have positioned the company for profitable growth as demand for our broad portfolio of essential products and services strengthen. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience, and our shareholders for their support. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. Looking at the first quarter results, we experienced a continuation of the stable to improving trends across most of our businesses. Pressure from a limited number of businesses restrained sales growth and operating margins, resulting in sales growth of approximately 1% on a constant currency basis and a 30 basis point decline in our consolidated operating margin to 17.7% when compared to the first quarter of last year.  RMS had a tremendous quarter with 6.5% constant currency sales growth and a 210 basis improvement in the operating margin to 33.3%. Most RMS businesses posted higher sales and margins when compared to the first quarter of last year.  On a sequential basis, the RMS margin improved by 450 basis points, about half of which was due to the inclusion of a $4 million inventory write-down for the large model business which we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011. At first glance, it appears that PCS had a difficult quarter. PCS sales were down approximately 1% sequentially when adjusted for the 53rd week last year, and the segment reported an 8.9% operating margin. But as Jim said, our In-Life business, which includes both GLP safety assessment and non-GLP Discovery Services, continued to be stable, posting a $1 million first quarter sales increase on a sequential basis when excluding the impact of the 53rd week. This was more than offset by softness in Biopharmaceutical Services or BPS, which posted lower sales and reduced the overall PCS operating margin by approximately 180 basis points in the first quarter. Normalizing for the BPS margin and the non-income-based tax adjustment in the fourth quarter, the PCS operating margin would have declined 70 basis points on a sequential basis. This more modest margin decline reflects the impact of the initial ramp-up of non-GLP discovery activities under our expanded client agreement, which Jim has already discussed.  We were quite pleased to deliver robust double-digit EPS growth for the sixth consecutive quarter. Year-over-year EPS growth of 14.8% in the first quarter was driven principally by stock repurchases, as well as lower-than-expected interest expense. Stock repurchases contributed approximately $0.07 while interest expense contributed an additional $0.02. I will now discuss some of the nonoperating items that contributed to our first quarter results. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $1 million year-over-year to $19.6 million, primarily reflecting annual cost increases across several expense categories, including compensation, health and fringe, and consulting services. Historically, unallocated corporate costs trend higher in the first half of the year before moderating in the second half. We expect unallocated corporate costs to be at or slightly above 6% of sales for the full year. As I mentioned earlier, net interest expense was favorable during the first quarter, declining $1.6 million year-over-year and $1.2 million sequentially to $4.8 million. This primarily reflects lower average debt balances, as well as a lower interest rate. LIBOR was slightly favorable in the quarter, and we also benefited from the reduction of the interest rate spread on our credit facility by 25 basis points to LIBOR plus 150 basis points as a result of an improvement in our leverage ratio. As a result, we currently expect net interest expense to be slightly favorable for 2012 at approximately $20 million to $22 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate of 26.6% in the first quarter was within our guidance range for the year and equates to just a 30 basis point increase from the first quarter of 2011. I will now provide an update on cash flow and capital priorities.  Free cash flow in the first quarter was $11.2 million compared to $14.6 million last year. The first quarter is typically the weakest for cash flow generation, so we remain on track to achieve free cash flow of $160 million to $170 million this year.  We are also encouraged by our operating performance as demonstrated by operating cash flow improvement of $4 million to $25.3 million in the first quarter. This improvement was offset by a $7 million increase in capital expenditures to $14.1 million. As you may recall, we are continuing to invest in existing growth businesses, on projects such as a new RADS laboratory in Wilmington, a new discovery facility in Finland and a new in vitro facility in China, all of which will open for business during 2012.  Our CapEx guidance of approximately $50 million in 2012 remains unchanged. We have continued to make progress on our capital priorities, which include a balance of stock repurchases, debt repayment and potential smaller acquisitions.  In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 348,000 shares for $12.5 million. As of March 31, we had 103.8 million outstanding under our stock repurchase authorization and continue to anticipate repurchasing 1 million to 2 million shares in 2012. Our total debt declined by approximately $14 million in the first quarter from the December 31 level as we repaid debt modestly ahead of the scheduled installments on the term loan. We expect accelerated repayment activity to continue over the course of the year.  As I mentioned earlier, as a result of achieving a leverage ratio below the 2.75x threshold for the fourth quarter, we reduced the interest rate spread on our credit facility and generated some interest savings in the first quarter.  As Jim discussed, we are reaffirming our 2012 guidance of constant currency sales growth in a range of 1% to 3% and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $2.60 to $2.70. We currently forecast that the first quarter EPS of $0.70 will be the highest level for 2012 as our outlook for the remainder of the year assumes normal seasonal trends in RMS for the second half and relatively stable trends in PCS going forward. This leads me to our outlook for the second quarter. We expect sales and EPS to be slightly lower on a sequential basis driven by a modest decline in RMS sales and operating margin from the exceptional first quarter performance. The RMS outlook assumes moderately lower sales in the European and Japanese smaller models businesses. Japan had a strong first quarter due to year-end budgeting spending for Japanese clients whose fiscal year ends on March 31st. In addition, they had particularly high distribution sales, and we believe both of these trends will moderate in the second quarter.  In Europe, sales typically decline slightly in the second quarter, reflecting a seasonal pattern. We expect PCS sales to be slightly higher, with some improvement in the PCS operating margin as a result of the actions we have taken to reinvigorate sales growth and profitability in the BPS business, as well as the continued ramp-up of our non-GLP discovery activities.  Other income also contributed $0.01 to first quarter results, but we do not forecast this line item since it is primarily tied to market-based returns on certain investments. To conclude, we are pleased with our strong EPS both in the first quarter and with the stable-to-improving underlying trends across most of our businesses. Thank you.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. Operator, would you please take questions now?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question'll come from the line of Dave Windley of Jefferies.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jim, you've talked for a few quarters now about strategic acquisitions in the RMS part of the business. I was hoping you could dig into that a little bit more, give us a sense of the pipeline for that, and perhaps what the cycle times are on those or what -- why we haven't heard anything about acquisitions closing yet.
James C. Foster: Dave, the pipeline's improving, I would say, nicely. We have a full-time staff dedicated to this and are really ramping it up. There's a fair amount of properties available for sale. They're not always in our wheelhouse and some of the price expectations are a little unreasonable, unrealistic, I would say, and disappointing. Having said that, there are several things that we're seriously looking at and talking to sellers about, and they would improve both the portfolio and our capabilities to support clients in ways that they want and we currently, perhaps, fall short in a couple of areas. So we're pretty optimistic about that. We're quite focused on what we're looking at. I would say the deal flow is improving to the point where we're actually looking at several things a week, at least, superficially and then drilling down on a bunch of them. So we are interested. We are looking carefully. I think we have the funding and the management capability to absorb and integrate these businesses. We're very, very focused on remaining upstream and having something that's accretive to both operating margins and particularly the EPS. Sometimes these things just take longer than one would like, particularly in instances where we're dealing with small or private enterprises where due diligence is sometimes a little more complicated. But the lack of announcements is not an indication of lack of involvement or looking.
David H. Windley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If they'll let me sneak one more in, I'll just ask real quickly. If you could comment on the change in the Canadian SR&ED tax credit on -- potentially on the Montral operation.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Dave, it's Tom. The change that's proposed in Canada at the federal level, which is actually a smaller part of the credit that we received [indiscernible], but the bulk of that is at the provincial level. So that's something that we're obviously looking at closely. I don't remember exactly [indiscernible] it will take effect for a couple of years. And while it would be a negative indicator, as I said, it's really a smaller portion of all the credits we receive in Canada.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Eric Coldwell of Robert W. Baird.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Looking back now on your closure of the Shrewsbury facility and your experience since then, I'm curious if you have any initial thoughts on what impact you could see from the large capacity reduction announced at your largest peer last night.
James C. Foster: Eric, we got on with our capacity reductions much earlier obviously and pretty aggressively given the current market conditions, which to some extent, have continued. I think that additional capacity reductions either by our large competitor who's gone ahead and done so and clients themselves will continue to be beneficial to the value proposition here. While it's not necessarily evident in the operating results, the conversations with clients about outsourcing and/or shutting space and reducing people and particularly these days in some of the discovery applications are certainly increasing. The timing around that is never something we can predict with certainty, but just the nature and the increase in the number of conversations, I think, is quite interesting and probably telling. So this is an industry that, for reasons that we've all talked about previously, structurally ended up with too much capacity. And I think that alone, in combination with these pipeline reductions has had a dramatically adverse impact on pricing. And so any opportunity -- anytime anybody takes out a significant amount of space, I think that's directionally good for all of us as a whole. And as you've heard us say before, the continued reduction in capacity, particularly by our clients, I do think is critical. We have seen capacity utilization improvement steadily throughout the last, I don't know, 2 or 3 years. And while it's not optimal yet, it's certainly moving in that direction, and we do have a couple of sites where capacity utilization actually is optimal. So less space, I think, improves the value proposition for all of the CROs.
Eric W. Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. If I could just get -- sneak in one quick follow-up. You mentioned some large clients looking at their own resources and infrastructure. I think we all know that there are at least a couple or a few large pharmas considering making bigger outsourcing moves. I'm just curious what you think those moves might look like. Are there specific geographies or services? Are you thinking that the new deals coming out would be sole source or multi-source in nature? And also do you consider even a remote possibility of any [ph] asset transfers in the industry over the next year or 2?
James C. Foster: So we have several conversations going on right now. They're all slightly different and they're all in various stages of development. So some, I think, are potentially much more near term than others, but you can see a change, you can see sort of an inflection point in the marketplace that's [ph] commensurate with drugs rolling off the patent [ph]. We have a situation or 2 where people are looking at asset transfers. We have looked. Facilities are often very nice. They're often in geographic locales where we are not. The sort of simple, fundamental response, kind of visceral response that we have to all of them is, those are great, and maybe 5 or 6 years ago, we would be all over them, but it just doesn't seem to make any rational sense either to us or the industry or, in fact, to the client because they tend not to be overly productive. So we would hope that they would get on with their own business of shutting and repurposing the site and dealing with the social issues related to their internal staff. I think that we're seeing all of the large pharma companies aggressively reduce the number of research partners that they have. I don't know one pharma company that isn't doing that right now. They want to have a small number of partners that they can depend on who will provide a better value proposition, and there's a close working relationship as if we, we the CRO, was the client. In a couple of conversations we have going on there's some anecdotal -- apparent anecdotal interest in sole sourcing. I would be surprised if that happens, but I think it's likely that big drug companies, I'm just talking about on the tox side, now will have a predominant provider, 70%, 80% of their work, and a minority provider that provides 20% to 30% of their work. And that gives the client the sleep factor of knowing that they're not sole sourced and also the ability, I'm sure, to get that better value proposition. But we're really not seeing clients want to have 5 or 6 or 7 or 10 preclinical providers. And some of the very small one, we've had conversations recently with clients who have said, "Some of these small players actually have good science, but it's not a working relationship that we want to bet the future on, so we're uncomfortable with it." We've actually had some clients recommend and suggest that we look at these companies for acquisition purposes. And by the way, we typically do look when requested or suggested by clients because I can't think of a better way to get M&A targets than through our clients who use and are happy with some of these small players but think they're too fragile to have any long-term success.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Greg Bolan of Sterne Agee.
Gregory T. Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So just looking at the year-on-year decremental margin for PCS, it looks like only about 28%. So it would just appear to me that the PCS infrastructure has been reduced to absorb some fairly significant shocks like this quarter. I mean, Tom, how should we be thinking about incremental margins on incremental preclinical sales these days?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Thank you, Greg. We have, as you've said, taken on a number of costs that have -- or mitigate a lot of the activities we're seeing such as changes in volume, and of course, changes in study mix and composition, which ultimately affects revenue. So I do think we're better positioned. As I said, and I think Jim said in his comments, we do expect a slight uptick in activity, in part from improvements in BPS, as well some of our non-GLP activity, and we do expect that to bring revenue to the top line. I think in a broader sense, if revenue were to invigorate more dramatically, I still think that we would see a good flow-through on operating margin depending on the nature and mix of that type of work.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. John Kreger of William Blair.
Beth Rose: This is Beth Rose in for John Kreger. We had a quick question on the status of strategic partnerships. Are those trending as expected? And then also to follow on that, how do these compare with the demand you're seeing in nonstrategic clients?
James C. Foster: So as I said before, there's a fair number of conversations that certainly directionally, that are about strategic partnerships and I think directionally are probable where we have clients who are looking to outsource the more routine assays in their development capabilities, both GLP and non-GLP, in favor of keeping the very complex assays as part of their core. So we're seeing that as a dialogue. And whether they end up as a large strategic deal where there's a commitment toward certain amounts of time and/or volume, we can see most of the clients moving that way. Obviously, that's happening at the same time these clients are reducing their infrastructures and being quite sensitive about cost, which is reflected in the P&L. So look, I think strategic deals are a good thing, are potentially a good thing if you get the value proposition right and it's a strong client who will adhere to the relationship. The other really positive things about them that we've seen with the big deal that we did recently is that we have signed up a fair amount of additional work with our client aside from the 4 corners of the big strategic deal that we did because they have confidence in us, respect for us, work closely with us. And, of course, the value proposition benefits them and is attributable towards their discount as they increase their volume. So you can't paint them all with the same brush. The clients are all totally different. I think it's nice to have them when you start a quarter to know that x amount of sales are there. It's nice to exclude competition if you get a deal for multiple years. It's nice to be closer to the client, but it only works if the value proposition works and they're sensitive to the needs of the CRO to make an appropriate level of profit.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Timothy Evans of Wells Fargo.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Tom, would you be willing to talk about the options that are on the table for dealing with the convertible debt that comes new next year, maybe how we should be thinking about interest expense in 2013 and beyond?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Sure. I can give you a little bit of color at this moment, and we're obviously continuing to work that. We've perhaps $350 million available on our credit facility. A little bit of it's the revolver, a little bit of it's actually drawn or committed to letters of credit but not really that much. And, of course, we do have an accordion feature. So at the moment, we have an ability to maintain a portion of our converts long-term status, so we're looking at that. Beyond that, we are looking at what the market's doing and senior notes and converts as well, and the rates do continue to be low. If we could write the script, we would obviously wait longer to do something. But I think in the meantime, we'll continue to look at current market trends and look at activity. And I think the positive thing is we do have good credit ratings. We do have good cash flow, and so I think it affords us a good ability to pick and choose what we think is in the best interest of the company.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Question on RMS. It seems like a lot of the upside relative to your expectations there was on the model side, and obviously you called out Europe and Japan as being points of strength. Can you maybe just talk about what you're thinking about in terms of the underlying growth rate for RMS going forward? I know you talked about some of that European and Japanese business rolling off a little bit in the second quarter, but are you seeing a bit of an inflection here? And can you also talk about how price is factoring into the dynamic?
James C. Foster: Sure. I'm not sure it's an inflection point. It's a strong business where we continue to be the prominent player in the industry. On the model side, at the moment, Europe and Japan are a bit stronger than the U.S. Europe, we have a totally different mix of clients, sort of small drug companies and government, and we're definitely taking share. We're also taking share in Japan. We've been in that business in Japan since 1975, and I would say this is -- while we've always held our own, this is the first time where we are aggressively taking share and improving operating margins. And we're certainly holding our own in the U.S. So I'd say that the Models business is solid. The service businesses are the most, in some ways, a positive surprise. If I were to go back a decade and think about it, we're getting very large service lines of business with very, very good operating margins and good growth rates. We told you in the prepared remarks that we're growing that, the service entity, around 9%. We told you that In Vitro, which is reported in the RMS business, is performing at above 10%. So really good mix. You can see it in the operating margin, which is the best since 2008. And I believe the 2008 number was actually the best ever, so it's probably the best operating margin that we've ever seen. We have said directionally that we believe that assuming you just take the current portfolio products and services, RMS is tracking to its high single digit. FX adjusted, it's at [ph] 6.5%. There's no reason why that can't continue to gravitate upward.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then if I can just ask a quick follow-up on BPS. You talked about, you think that business will pick up a little bit in the second quarter. What gives you the confidence? And as you think about your portfolio of services there, do you have everything you need? And also are there things you can do to improve the margin profile of the Biopharma Services business?
James C. Foster: Yes. I mean, look, it's a strategically an important business. It's all about biologics, large molecule services, testing, process development, validation and scale-up. We have quite a large business in it. We have 4 locations, we have new GMs, we have enhanced facilities, and we have much more of a complementary service offering where we offer this in addition with other products and services that we can offer to the client. The first quarter was definitely a sorting out quarter for our clients, definitely a reprioritization process, a little bit of slippage. And the confidence that we have is based primarily on feedback from clients as we see the demand strengthening as we move into the second quarter. It has to strategically increasingly be an important business given the intensified investment in large molecules that we're seeing by our clients and a reluctance by virtually all of them except very big drug companies, to bring the sort of expertise, which is very complex, in-house. So we remain really optimistic about it as a service line.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Douglas Tsao of Barclays.
Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, just could you provide some perspective on how much of your PCS capacity is now utilized in strategic deals? And do you have a sense of where you would like to take that? And what's a reasonable target in the near term?
James C. Foster: Doug, I think that's actually a really good question, not necessarily the one I know the answer to. I think as a general proposition, as I said earlier, it would certainly be good to have some meaningful portion of your preclinical revenue booked and visible as you go into a quarter. I don't know what that is. If it's not a margin trade-off, then I'd like it to have as much as possible. You want to have some flexibility to be able to use your space for others, so you don't want all of it -- I'm trying to think back, when we first bought Inveresk, we had a take on that. And I think in those days, we were saying, what was it, like, kind of 30% would be...
Thomas F. Ackerman: 20% to 30%, yes.
James C. Foster: Yes, 25% to 30% would be kind of good. You have that cooked as a stable base. So that's probably an okay number to resurrect. I would say it's modest now, but directionally and potentially improving if and as we continue to do deals with larger companies.
Thomas F. Ackerman: Yes, I would just add, and I would echo what Jim said, Doug, that because the largest biopharma has been our weakest sector, that's where traditionally we've had the stability in those types of agreements, so I do think it's trended down. But with the activity that we're looking at, hopefully, it'll trend back up.
Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just in terms of the -- your current capacity and your study rooms, what percent are being used in DMPK and non-GLP, other non-GLP studies right now versus the standard regulated studies?
James C. Foster: Well, I think rather than give you runs of capacity, what we've said is that, that business is looking to do what, 10%? That's looking to be about 10% of our revenue. So I would say, definitely a meaningful portion of our business. It's growing way faster than -- well, it's continuing to grow quite quickly. We have some really strong therapeutic area capabilities particularly in oncology and CNS. Certainly, on the oncology side, that's at a time where so many drug companies are focusing in on that. It requires and utilizes exactly the same space as the regulated studies, albeit, you can have multiple studies in the same room, so you actually have a little more flexibility, and it's helping with the process of enhancing capacity utilization. So I think we will see that increasingly constitute a larger proportion, both of our revenue and capacity utilization.
Douglas D. Tsao - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just one really quick follow-up. That 10% number, where is [ph] that relative to where you would have been, say, 3, 4 years ago?
James C. Foster: Without specifically quantifying, it's dramatically higher. It's certainly in the area that clients are beginning to focus on and let go of these things, things that they've embraced as core and not outsourceable. So much more significant and growing pretty much faster than many other things that we do.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. John Sullivan of Leerink Swann.
John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question about the way the tox testing services business slowed over the quarter. First quarter is often difficult to figure as drug companies are slow to get out of the gate. Any meaningful difference between the third month of the quarter and the first in that business?
James C. Foster: Not really. I mean, the good news about tox, and we're starting to use the term in-life, the real classic regulated tox studies, has been fairly consistent for about 3 quarters in a row. And as you heard in our prepared remarks, we're actually up $1 million if you normalize the 53rd week. And while that's not, certainly not dramatic growth, it's stable growth. So it does seem like the regulated studies have reached a point of some stability and the non-regulated stuff has reached a point of potentially consistent increased outsourcing. There should be some balance there, some offset in terms of growth rate and hopefully margin. And as I said a few moments ago, both of them will continue to utilize our excess capacity.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Garen Sarafian of Citigroup.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to just drill down a little bit on the market share comments in RMS. Just trying to find out, has the demand from the market shifted in your favor? Is that these market share gains are occurring in Europe and Japan? Or is it more of some of your competitors stumbling and Charles River not or -- it could be more temporary in nature?
James C. Foster: I think it's a combination of both. We have competitors in both locales. I wouldn't say, stumbling and then temporary. I would say sort of consistent underperformance, lack of consistent service, often irrational pricing policies, lack of investment facilities, lack of scientific depth, on and on and on. So I think a lot of the things we're seeing are systemic. The Japanese one is a bit unusual because that's a culture that historically has been egalitarian with the way it's provided business to its suppliers and sort of liked everyone to be -- have the same percentage, and we're not seeing that any more. So I think the worldwide phenomenon is have less partners, go to the best-quality provider who can provide you -- also provide you with attractive pricing. So I think it's the quality of the work, the science, the turnaround time, a more flexible pricing strategy at a time where competitors are just not executing as well as they used to.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And just a follow-up question. In terms of toxicology, when capacity utilization goes down in an industry, do prices adjust in a linear fashion? Or does it -- is it more of a hockey stick where until the industry reaches its optimal or near-optimal utilization levels, pricing is sort of suboptimal?
Thomas F. Ackerman: I would say -- this is Tom, I would say, that it's not necessarily linear, and also it's not really just about capacity but also about demand as well from our clients that has also affected or could affect pricing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Van Fleet of First Analyst.
Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Guys, just a quick follow-on to that market share question. Just thinking about the timing of which you can really push to make those inroads and gaining the share. Is there -- as you guys think about it internally, is there kind of a push to get new contracts signed for the beginning of year? Is it possible to see really gains from a market share perspective kind of over the course of the year as well? Just trying to understand kind of timing-wise, is it more of a kind of a bulge at the beginning of the year versus kind of spread ratably over the year?
James C. Foster: I'd say we're always pushing, so -- we're not necessarily pushing to fit into one quarter or at the beginning of the year nor can we necessarily push clients away from the competition. I think it's continuous and concerted. On the RMS side, it's been several years. It's not a quarter phenomenon. We've said the Japan thing's a little bit new, so that's kind of the back half of '11. And also remember that we had this oddity where most fiscal years -- the fiscal year of most of Japanese companies, particularly our clients, is April 1 when ours is January 1. So, yes, we had a little bit of a push, expenditure push at the end of their fiscal year in Japan, which was helpful to us. So we're always pushing on it hard. We are making significant progress. We've made progress on the RMS side both in the U.S. over the last few years and in Europe over the last 2 or 3. I'd like to think that we can continue to gain share in Japan as that marketplace begins to attempt to act like the rest of the world, both in terms of relationships between client and supplier, and Japanese pharma companies desire to sell internationally.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Zach Sopcak of Morgan Stanley.
Zachary W. Sopcak - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In for Ricky. And I had a question about your client mix actually. When you look at the big global biopharma and mid-tier, it sounds like throughout the year, you're expecting to see a continued mix shift away from the big biopharma towards the mid-tier. I was just wondering if you see that trend continuing throughout the year. And then also, with your sales force allocation to line up with that, do you believe there's any chance that you'll miss perhaps some of the turnaround in big pharma if you have less sales, resources allocated towards it?
James C. Foster: We have a very good structure for the big global accounts. We have very senior people with responsibility for a very small number of the global accounts, and we have multiple touch points with every account. So we're quite happy with our interface. They're really big companies who are taking a lot of work offline and refining their pipelines. A couple have temporarily kept work in-house. So there's not a whole lot we can do except to continue to distinguish ourselves from our clients and periodically sign up a big strategic deal. So no, I don't think anything we do elsewhere will steal from big pharma. We definitely have more people on the mid-tier accounts, which I told you was up 5%, and in the academic and government accounts, which are up high single digit. Those are definitely areas of growth for this company. For us to be the scientific provider at rational price points is definitely winning share for us in the academic sector where we historically were not that strong. Mid-tier is an awful -- there's a lot of different types of companies covered by that sort of description. But lots of them are growing nicely, and many of them don't have any internal capacity. So I think we have the right sales component. I think we are flexible and thoughtful about our pricing. I'd be disappointed if we didn't continue to grow both of those sectors in a meaningful way without having to steal people from the big drug companies to work on them.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Hardy and the panelists for any closing remarks.
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We will be presenting at a number of conferences in May and June, and look forward to meeting with you then. This concludes the conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 08:32:00) =====
Executives: Jim Foster  Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman  EVP and CFO Susan Hardy  Corporate VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Robbie Fatta - William Blair & Company Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co Sandy Draper - Raymond James David Windley - Jefferies & Company Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co John Sullivan - Leerink Swann, LLC Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs Group, Inc Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2011 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Ill now turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories fourth quarter and full-year 2011 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our fourth quarter and full-year 2011 results and review guidance for 2012. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with todays remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 231980. The replay will be available through February 28th. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 23rd, 2011, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliation link. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our fourth quarter results, before providing commentary on our business prospects. We reported sales of $291 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, an increase of 3.3% from the same period in 2010. 53rd week added approximately 4.5% to sales growth and the benefit from foreign exchange was negligible. PCS business finished the year inline with our expectations. The RMS business delivered a very strong performance in the fourth quarter. The RMS even when adjusting for the 53rd week, most businesses in the segment reported higher year-over-year sales on a constant currency basis driving the best quarterly results since the end of 2008 and sequentially higher than the third quarter. The majority of these businesses also reported higher operating margins, driven primarily by the increased sales volume. The operating margin declined 10 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2010, but it improved 90 basis points sequentially to 17.1%. The increase was due primarily to the PCS margins, which improved on both the year-over-year and a sequential basis with 13% cost savings actions implemented in the fourth quarter with a primary driver of the improvement. Earnings per diluted share were $0.69 in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $0.60 in the fourth quarter of 2010, a 15% increase. The increase in earnings per share was driven primarily by the lower number of shares outstanding. We continued to return value to shareholders in the fourth quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 844,000 shares for $25 million. This brings our cumulative total repurchases from August 2010 through the end of 2011 to approximately 18.2 million shares or more than 27% of our outstanding shares. As you know were reaffirming our sales and EPS guidance for 2012. We believe that demand for regulated safety assessment will remain relatively stable, as it did in the second half of last year and that the growth drivers we discussed on our guidance call. Discovery Services, GEMS, Insourcing Solutions, and In Vitro will enable us to generate higher sales. Based on the sales increase combined with our ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiency and the benefit of our stock repurchases, we maintain confidence in the guidance we gave on December 14th. Id like to provide some details on the segment performance. In the fourth quarter, RMS sales were $182.4 million, 7.9% higher in constant currency in the fourth quarter of 2010 and nearly 4% higher when adjusting for the 53rd week. The largest sales contribution came from our Avian business, which had a weak fourth quarter in 2010 due to reduced product availability. The services businesses also contributed to the sales gain, as they did for most of 2011. In combination Discovery Services, GEMS, RADS, and Insourcing Solutions gained nearly 10% and as the volume of these services increased, the operating margin also improved. The growth of these businesses adds validity to our thesis that biopharmaceutical companies are increasingly choosing to outsource services which they no longer consider core to their drug discovery and development process. And that theyre choosing to do so with Charles River, the recognized expert in Vivo Biology. Utilizing our personnel and facilities enables our clients to create flexible drug discovery and development models, which are pivotal to their ability to increase efficiency and reduce costs. In Vitro business, also delivered a robust performance in the fourth quarter. Sales growth exceeded 10% as clients continued their adoption of the PTS family product. Were encouraged by the fact that the average number of cartridges per reader per day is increasing, especially with the introduction last year of the Multi-Cartridge System or MCS. As you know the PCS is a razor-razor blade model, so cartridge use is a performance indicator which we watch very closely. We believe that with this year, as anticipated, mid-year introduction of the automated MCS for use in our manufacturing clients central laboratories, we will be able to increase this critical indicator. In general, fourth quarter sales of research models are seasonably soft, due to the slow down of purchasing through the holidays. Small model sales in the fourth quarter of 2011, were reasonably stable compared to the same period in 2010. But demonstrating seasonality we were lower than the third quarter of 2011 when adjusting to the 53rd week. However, fourth quarter sales were somewhat better than expected with Europe the strongest performer in the group. For the last few years demand for our research models has maintained a steadier pace in Europe than in North America. This was likely due to two factors. The client mix in Europe, which includes more private pharma and government-funded research and the fact that we believe were taking market share from our largest competitor. The most significant sales decline compared with the previous year was due to the large model business. As we mentioned in our guidance call in December, there was declining demand for large models, due to the reduction in regulated safety assessment and cost considerations. The impact on sales which was much less significant than the impact on the RMS operating margin, which including the inventory write-down was approximately 230 basis points. This was offset by stronger operating performance from most of the RMS businesses resulting in an operating margin of 28.8% in the fourth quarter. This was a decline of just a 170 basis points from the previous year. So as you can see we made up a significant amount of the large model shortfall. At $108.5 million PCS sales in the fourth quarter were inline with our expectation, although 3.9% below the fourth quarter of 2010 in constant currency, and slightly below the third quarter 2011 when adjusted for the 53rd week. We continue to believe the market for regulated safety assessment is relatively stable. The sales mix is still characterized by a greater proportion of shorter term, non-regulated discovery services which we would expect in due of the shift in our clients processes to eliminate molecules earlier in the drug development process. In addition, the ramp-up of expanded preferred provider agreement which we announced in November has been and will continue to shift the mix. We were very pleased with the PCS operating margin which increased to 13% in the fourth quarter. This represents a 100 basis point improvement over the prior-year and a 370 basis point improvement in the third quarter of 2011. The improvement was due pointedly to cost saving actions we implemented in the fourth quarter and also to a non-income base tax adjustment. We were very pleased with the improvement in our operating efficiency and expect to make further improvements in the PCS operating margin in 2012. I want to take a moment to discuss sales by client type. As you know, we segment our clients into three categories; global biopharma, mid-tier biopharma and together academic and government with separate sales people dedicated to each. This segmentation which we implemented at the end of 2009 has benefited us in two major ways. First; it has enabled us to forge stronger relationships with clients and enhance our understanding of their needs. This was certainly apparent in our award of an expanded preferred provider agreement by a large global pharma last November. Through our close relationship with this client and our flexibility in structuring the partnership, we were able to craft a strategic partnership which benefits both parties. Dedicated sales people have also been a factor in identifying new opportunities in mid-tier and in academic accounts as well. Second; due to enhanced data provided by our ERP system, our sales people have a more complete picture of all the products and services that our clients purchase from us. That knowledge has been very valuable in assisting the sales force to sell more broadly across our portfolio. In addition, the improved data provided by the ERP system enables us to identify trends in each client segment. So I can tell you with confidence that the quarterly progression of sales to global biopharma clients in 2011 remained stable for both RMS and PCS, despite declining from 2010 level. We did see some positive sales indicators for the global biopharma segment in the fourth quarter, including the award of some longer term regulated studies in both North America and Europe. While its still too early to conclude that demand is returning, we believe these are indicators that some of our large biopharma clients are beginning to move molecules into the development stage. We were pleased that sales to the mid-tier biopharma clients increased approximately 5% sequentially from the third quarter when less funding was available. Sales to academic and government clients increased more than 5% in the fourth quarter closing out a strong year for that client segment. We believe that the expansion of our sales force, its increased focus on specific clients and its enhanced visibility with clients are enabling us to increase market share in both the mid-tier biopharma and the academic segment. We also believe that our RMS competitors steep price increases have reduced the price differential between our products and theirs, which has helped to enable us to make  to take market share. The powerful combination of our premium products and services at competitive prices has served us very well, particularly, at this time when academic and government clients have been spending on basic research tools and services. We also believe that particularly in the fourth quarter when the NIH budget had been approved at a higher level than was anticipated spending by government agencies such as the NIH improved. I like to briefly review full-year results as they pertain to the progress we made in 2011 on our four key initiatives. Sales for the full-year were $1.14 billion, an increase of slightly less than 1% on a recorded basis and a decline of 1.4% on a constant currency basis. Through cost savings actions and rigorous management of operating cost we generated an operating margin of 17.6%, 130 basis point improvement over 2010. This was our first key initiative to improve our operating margin. Our goal in 2011 was at least 17% and we surpassed that goal by 60 basis points. We expect to continue to make progress towards our longer term goal of 20% operating margin. Our second initiative is to improve free cash flow generation. We were pleased that operating cash flow increased to $207 million in 2011, the first increase since 2007. Free cash flow also improved to $158 million slightly less than we had planned due to the timing of capital projects already underway, because we made better progress than expected, more capital was expended in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect that our free cash flow in 2012 should be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. Disciplined deployment of capital, the third initiative focuses on the appropriate balance between share repurchases, debt repayment, investment in infrastructure and targeted acquisitions. In 2011, we allocated the largest amount of capital to share repurchases buying back 8.4 million shares for a total purchase price of approximately $280 million. We also set a goal to reduce our leverage below three time, which we accomplished through a debt reduction of $139 million since the first quarter of 2011. Acquisitions remain an integral part of our growth strategy. We will continue to identify and evaluate opportunities and apply rigorous metrics to our assessment and analysis of potential acquisitions. We didnt make any acquisitions in 2011, but we do expect to make select acquisitions this year which are targeted at expanding our technical capabilities and global footprint. Weve not included the impact of any potential acquisitions in our 2012 guidance. Our fourth initiative, returning value to shareholders is a constant focus for us. The share repurchase points we made in 2010 and 2011 were one of the principal vehicles we use to create value and were a primary driver of the increase in EPS in 2011, which exceeded 28%. We plan to continue to repurchase shares in 2012 as a component of our initiative to increase shareholder value. As I said in December we were very pleased with the progress we made on our goals in 2011, and expect to maintain our focus on these key initiatives in 2012. We continue to believe that the breadth of our integrated portfolio, our deep scientific expertise in, In Vivo biology, rigorous management of our business and intensive focus on these four initiatives have enabled and it will continue to enable us to manage our performance during this period when our clients are undergoing such significant change. We're continuing discussions with a large biopharmaceutical client, we believe that many of them are at an inflection point in the complex process of redefining the drug development model. Having worked through the reduction of therapeutic areas and elimination of molecules from the pipeline, this company is now in the process of converting from a fixed cost to a more variable cost model. They recognize that outsourcing will enable them to access scientific expertise on a flexible basis and at a lower cost and they could by maintaining the infrastructure internally. And as biopharmaceutical companies limit the number of providers with whom they do business, the opportunities for a top tier company like Charles River increase. We believe that the expanded preferred provider agreement with a leading global pharma company is a template that we can use to assist other clients in our efforts to improve the efficiency and cost effectiveness of their drug development models. The discussions with other large biopharmaceutical companies that I referenced earlier this year have progressed. Some of them to the stage where theyre requesting references from the large clients with which were working, although we cant say when the next strategic partnership will be established, were confident that there will be more in the future. Our clients are increasingly viewing our broad portfolio of essential products and services and our scientific expertise as tools they can use to further their goals to bring more drugs to market sooner, at a lower cost. The demand for our non-regulated discovery services is increasing. And we expect this trend to intensify over time, contributing to an improved level of predictability in our business. We believe that our fourth quarter results are an early indication of a modestly improving environment on a number of levels, stable large biopharma demand, increasing demand for non-regulated discovery services, better funding for mid-tier biopharma companies and consistent growth in the academic and government sector. Its our goal to ensure that we maintain and enhance our role as a premier provider of In Vivo biology and a strategic partner of choice. To accomplish this goal throughout this challenging time, weve continued to broaden our portfolio and enhance processes to improve our operating efficiency and cost effectiveness. Our portfolio supports the entire spectrum of our clients In Vivo biology processes, and makes us the logical strategic partner as they increasingly choose to outsource services, which are no longer efficient or economical for them to maintain in-house. Well steadfastly pursue this goal to the benefit of our clients, our employees and our shareholders. In conclusion, Id like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience, and our shareholders for their support. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Thomas Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. Our reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. Ill start my comments today by reiterating that were very pleased with our strong fourth quarter results. While the fourth quarter performance was encouraging, we believe the underlying trends that are driving the businesses remain consistent with those, which we discussed in mid-December. As such, our view towards 2012 remains unchanged. There were three primary factors that led to the sales and EPS outperformance in the fourth quarter, RMS sales, the PCS operating margin and the tax rate. Two of the factors, RMS sales and PCS operating margin were the drivers of the $0.69 earnings per share. RMS sales exceeded expectations in the fourth quarter, gaining almost 4% year-over-year when excluding the 53rd week. As Jim said, this reflects broad-based sales growth across the services and other products businesses. Weve reported two consecutive quarters of RMS constant-currency sales growth exceeding 3%, which gives us confidence in our RMS outlook for 2012 of constant currency sales growth above the consolidated 1% to 3% range. The RMS sales outperformance drove a sequential increase of nearly $3 million to operating income, which was a factor in the EPS outperformance. However, the RMS operating margin declined by 170 basis points year-over-year to 28.8%, compared to 30.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010, and sequentially by 20 basis points. Year-over-year decline was due almost entirely to 230 basis point margin drag from the large models business. As we discussed in our December guidance call, our large models business has been significantly impacted by challenging market conditions that led to weak results in the fourth quarter, including an inventory write-down of approximately $4 million. This write-down was included in our non-GAAP results. We do not expect to see a meaningful improvement in the underlying market conditions for the large models business in 2012, but we do not expect or we anticipate any significant inventory write-downs going forward. Therefore, we expect the RMS operating margin to improve sequentially in the first quarter of 2012. Another driver behind the fourth quarter earnings expansions was a notable improvement in the PCS operating margin. This 370 basis points sequential increase was due primarily to a non-income based tax adjustment of approximately $1.7 million and the benefit from the November 2011 cost-savings action. We continue to expect that the PCS operating margin will expand in 2012 due to continued progress on process efficiency and cost management. Finally, the full-year tax rate of 24.7% came in slightly below expectations and coupled with other income contribute approximately $0.02 to the upside in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate guidance of 26.5% to 27.5% remains unchanged for 2012. Ill point out that the 53rd week was factored into our prior guidance, so was not a source of the better-than-expected results. As Jim mentioned, the 53rd week contributed approximately 4.5% to fourth quarter sales growth with a similar impact on both segments. Excluding the 53rd week, RMS sales grew nearly 4% year-over-year, PCS sales declined 8% year-over-year by approximately $2 million sequentially, which was essentially inline with prior expectations. To help you with your modeling, fourth quarter 2011 sales were approximately $279 million, if we exclude the extra week. Despite the sales contribution, the 53rd week provided only a nominal benefit to operating income and EPS adding less than a penny to fourth quarter earnings per share. The contribution of light sales during the holiday week was almost entirely offset by a full week of operating costs. Ill now provide additional details on our non-operating results in the fourth quarter. Unallocated corporate costs increased by $0.5 million year-over-year, and $2.4 million sequentially to $17 million in the fourth quarter. The 53rd week contributed to both the year-over-year and sequential increases. However, the sequential increase was also driven by adjustments to certain accruals at year-end including performance-based bonuses. We continue to expect unallocated corporate costs to be approximately 6% of sales in 2012, similar to the 2011 level. We also assume that a slightly greater proportion of these costs will be recorded in the first half of the year consistent with historical trend. Net interest expense of $6 million was nearly flat compared to the prior-year, but declined almost $1 million sequentially as expected. The sequential decline reflects lower interest rate due to the September amendment to our credit agreement as well as debt repayment. We continue to expect net interest expense of $22 million to $24 million in 2012. In the fourth quarter, the non-GAAP tax rate increased by 130 basis points sequentially and 260 basis points year-over-year to 24.2%. You may recall that the prior-period tax rates benefited from several discrete items that did not repeat in the fourth quarter of 2011, including a favorable international tax settlement in the third quarter of 2011, and additional R&D tax credits in Canada in the fourth quarter of 2010. For 2012, we continue to expect tax rate will be in a range of 26.5% to 27.5% compared to 24.7% in 2011. The increase is primarily the result of an anticipated reduction in the level of R&D tax credits in Canada as well as discreet benefits in 2011 that are not expected to repeat in 2012. Free cash flow generation increased by approximately $3 million to $158 million in 2011, but was slightly below our guidance of $165 million to $175 million. This was driven by capital expenditures of $49 million, which exceeded our previous guidance by $9 million. Higher CapEx also drove a $7 million decline in fourth quarter free cash flow to $45 million. The elevated level of capital spending in the fourth quarter was due to the timing of projects. We were able to make better progress than we anticipated resulting in higher spending in December. As you may recall we are continuing to invest in existing growth businesses on projects such as a new RADS laboratory in Wilmington, a new Discovery facility in Finland, and a new In Vitro facility in China. Based on the progress made on these projects in 2011, we recorded capital expenditures of $27.5 million for the fourth quarter. We do not expect this higher level of spending to persist in 2012 and were maintaining our 2012 CapEx outlook of approximately $50 million. We also continue to expect free cash flow of $160 million to $170 million in 2012. Our capital priorities for 2012 remain consistent with the discussion on our December guidance call. We continue to target a balance of stock repurchases, debt repayment and potential smaller acquisitions, the timing of which is difficult to predict. In the fourth quarter we repurchased 0.8 million shares for $25 million. With $116.3 million remaining on our stock repurchase authorization as of December 31st, weve the available capacities continue to moderately repurchase shares in 2012 and expect to repurchase approximately 1 million to 2 million shares during the year. We also reduced our debt balance by approximately $22 million during the fourth quarter through payments on our term loan to $718 million as of December 31st. We are comfortable with our leverage ratio at the end of 2011, which was within our targeted range of 2.5 times to 2.7 times, and expect debt to modulate around this level in 2012. As Jim discussed, we are reaffirming our sales and EPS guidance for 2012, while foreign exchange currently remains at an approximate 1% headwind to reported sales growth. FX rates continue to be volatile. We will monitor the impact of foreign exchange, but as a remainder a 5% movement in foreign exchange rates would be expected to translate into 25 million sales impact, which will then drop to operating income at approximately the margin rate in 2012. In view of the contribution of the 53rd week the fourth quarter sales results in a better than expected results, we expect the slight sequential decline in first quarter results. The sales outlook reflects a 4.5% headwind in the 53rd week in the fourth quarter of 2011. This should be partially offset by stronger seasonal trends in the first quarter particularly in the small models business. The first quarter outlook also assumes a slight sequential decline in EPS as a result of an increase in unallocated corporate costs, which are typically higher in the first half of the year as well as a higher tax rate. We also expect the PCS operating margin to decline slightly on a sequential basis due to the benefit of the non-income based tax adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2011. These headwinds should be partially offset by sequential margin improvement in the RMS segment reflecting normal seasonal trends and less pressure from the large models business. To conclude, were pleased with our strong fourth quarter and full-year performance and confident about our business prospects in the current year.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. Operator, would you please take questions now?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Robbie Fatta  William Blair & Company: Hi. Good morning. This is Robbie Fatta in for John today. The first question I had was on the status of some of your strategic relationships, would you say they are trending inline with your expectations and how do these relationships compare to the demand that you are expecting from non-strategic partners that are of similar size in 2012? In other words, are these guys expecting to grow their business more with you?
Susan Hardy: Robbie, for some reason thats cut out. Could you repeat the question please?
Robbie Fatta  William Blair & Company: Sure, sure.
Susan Hardy: Sorry.
Robbie Fatta  William Blair & Company: It was on the status of your strategic deals. Are they basically trending inline with your expectations and how the demand trends in 2012 from these clients compare to some of the other large bio-pharma clients that are not strategic partners?
Jim Foster: So we  as you know we signed a large deal in November. This has generated lots of other conversations about similar types of transactions with services across the entire portfolio with some emphasis on the early discovery work. Its hard to call a trend, its just that there is clearly some interesting clients who are, some are aggressively reducing infrastructure and obviously, some have already done that and others are contemplating at the current time. So it appears that many of the large drug companies are directionally interested in large strategic transaction, that makes sense from a value proposition point of view; I think thats true for some of the smaller clients as well, some of the sort of first-tier, and even second-tier biotech clients are getting larger and have expensive drug development projects and even though theyve always been outsourcers theyre tending towards outsourcing on a more comprehensive basis. So, directionally it seems that thats the way the industry is moving, I think its early days, but we do have several conservations going on right now which would sort of underscore the focus on these types of deals.
Robbie Fatta  William Blair & Company: Got it. Thanks. And the second question is on your comfort level with your footprint at this point. Are you comfortable with your capacity right now and given that it sounds like demand is improving slightly; what would you say the capacity utilization thats baked into guidance at this point is?
Jim Foster: So, yes; we like our footprint in several ways. We like the geographic footprint we have, and we like the types of services we do with the specific businesses and so, that seems to be working well in terms of supporting clients, some of whom are interested in proximity. We certainly have enough capacity to take on additional large strategic deals, should that happen. I think on our last call we commented that, we could do two or three of those with our current footprint, and then we would simply have to open some buildings that were constructed, but never open. And we also have some space that was constructed, but never caged. So we have a good amount of space for the foreseeable future certainly three plus years Id say. A capacity utilization, well we dont give the number, improved during 2011 its not, it didnt improve to the level that we would like it to be as for optimal margin contribution, but all the work that were doing sort of a stable, regulated tox activity, but also increasing amounts of non-GLP Discovery work should continue to fill up the space, sort of systematically that will obviously improve the margins as that happens. So we should have sufficient space to take on the type of work that were talking to clients about now.
Robbie Fatta  William Blair & Company: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Thanks. Just a few quick ones. The tax item in PCS, can you just tell us what line that applies to, is it SG&A?
Tom Ackerman: It actually was an operating income, it was in SG&A because it was not an income tax it would be above the line. So that was in SG&A, Eric.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay, great. Am just curious, if you can give us an update on trends that youre seeing in the outbreed models business, that business obviously has seen some pressures associated with the slowdown in GLP studies in preclinical, but just curious if youve seen any rate change in growth and out bred models?
Jim Foster: Not really Eric, its been pretty consistent through probably the last couple of years, it seems to have leveled off, thats probably a commentary on the overall amount of work thats being done throughout the system since we do supply our animals to many of our competitors as well, I think we have a pretty good view of that. The good news is its leveled off and we continue to get price increases on top of those. Conversely sales in the inbred strains and immunocompromised strains have been relatively strong, so from a value proposition point of view those tend to offset one and other reasonably well.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Great, just two more quick ones. The automated multi-cartridge system, is that launch coming in April? I think in the slide deck you say mid-year, but my impression was that may be that was earlier in the second quarter?
Jim Foster: Yeah, the automated system will come sort of in the back half of the year. I think a realistic way to look at that would be second half.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. Second half, okay. And then finally, unless Im misinterpreting something, it looks like you actually had a gain in the historically operating losses in China, Massachusetts and Arkansas, but this time it looks like maybe it was a profit, if I am not misreading the press release?
Tom Ackerman: Solutions, yeah  that was due to the sale of the facility.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Im sorry, the sale of the ?
Tom Ackerman: Facility in Shanghai, which we had previously indicated that we sold.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Right.
Tom Ackerman: So we actually excluded that gain from non-GAAP and reported it on that particular line item.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird & Co: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Ackerman: Youre welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Sandy Draper with Raymond James.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Thank you very much. Just a question on the margin guidance; I just want to make sure Ive got the numbers right. As I am looking at it, the RMS pro forma margin in 11 was 30.4% and PCS was 12.6%. I want to make sure that these numbers are right, and so basically, I think youre suggesting generally flat RMS margins in 2012 and then improving margins for PCS in 12, are those numbers correct and those trendlines correct?
Tom Ackerman: I would say, yes.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Okay. So, I guess the follow-up to that is then, in terms of reminding where you are in terms of the cost savings, just generally would you expect overall costs to be down in 12 on a year-over basis, did you get full-year impacts of cost savings or maybe I am taking that  about that wrong, I just want to make sure Ive got the dollar trend line as right as well.
Tom Ackerman: What we had said in the aggregate was; we do have a number of cost benefits playing through 2012 principally as a result of the Q4 actions. But in addition, unfortunately going the other way, we do have merit increases as well as other inflationary pressures, so once we continue to cut cost, things like merit increases, and price increases from our vendors even though in some cases those are lower, continues to almost offset the cost savings that were having.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Okay, great. Thats really helpful. I appreciate it. Ill get back in the queue.
Tom Ackerman: Yeah.
Operator: We will then move on to David Windley with Jefferies. Go ahead please.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Following up on Erics question on the automated; wondering how you would view that affecting the In Vitro business and then overall I wondered if you can care to characterize the kind of contribution that In Vitro is now making to the overall picture?
Jim Foster: The automated PCS is [moves] us into the quality control labs of the manufacturers sites have smaller devices sort of remotely utilized and then at some point its a much larger number of samples that could go to the PC lab and so thats really powerful and helpful to be able to load this thing up and walk away and have this thing actually to read cartridges on an automated basis, and the initial interest is quite high on a pre-launch basis. We sized that on our last call, we indicated that thats about a $300 million market opportunity, sort of QC lab focus of which we only have about 10% share. So we've a big opportunity there and while there are certainly competing products we dont see anything out there with this sort of capability and from an automatic point of view. In terms of helping you size this were certainly kind of stay away from breaking out the margin contribution. In terms of the revenue contribution I think we indicated that its part of  its part of other which includes 
Tom Ackerman: Avian business.
Jim Foster: Avian and this is the larger, fastest growing portion of the business that we sort of watched the growth in those two, you can size that relatively [easily].
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Right. So, on the quality control lab entry, does that cannibalize any of the remote use of the single or the non-automated?
Jim Foster: Its really added to it. And you see clients sort of adopting the technology throughout their organization and getting comfortable with it remotely and then really wanting to use it in a more robust way. So the potential for greater penetration on a per client basis is much higher.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then moving 
Jim Foster: In general, we are looking at cartridge sales while we are very happy with the margin on the devices. This is a razor blade business and the MCS device we use a lot more cartridges sort of by definition and thats pretty powerful value proposition for us.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thanks. And then quickly moving to more of the core business. In these discussions around broader strategic deals, from my understanding, its correct you are delivering the services through kind of a variety of facilities that would be included or rolled up under both the RMS segment and the PCS segment depending on where those skills reside et cetera. I am wondering how important it is to the client that those activities be coordinated in a kind of an integrated fashion across the continuum of services you talked about then being interested in the whole portfolio. So I am just -- I am curious about how strong or how important that value proposition is to the client that those things be coordinated across that continuum?
Jim Foster: I think its quite important to the client in the big deal that weve signed where we are using many of our facilities in multiple parts of the world. We are able to use the power of the specialization of those facilities and we are able to coordinate it in a way where the client is working quite centrally and in some areas therapeutic, therapeutic area expertise is working with therapeutic area expertise that we have. But in all events theyre looking for us to help them pull it together because thats way we drive value of the realignment of our infrastructure that we made whenever, it was six months ago or so, where weve got the formally separate RMS and PCS operating business managed by single process in North America and single process in Asia and Europe have been quite helpful in delivering these services in a more integrated way. And previously, obviously the work that we have done at our preclinical business by having a metric system that pull the disparate parts and pieces together has also been helpful. So, yes, the value across the portfolio is increasingly important to our clients. Our ability to manage that is critical, but rather than viewing us in a fragmented fashion we are able to have a lot more robust relationship because of the expertise we have across the world.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Super. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Foster: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Chase & Co: Hey, good morning. Question on some of the underlying trend where you talked about mid-tier biotech being up about 5% sequentially, are you pulling share there or can you just talk to some of the underlying dynamics and how sustainable you think that growth might be?
Jim Foster: Yeah. There is a variety of factors. I think one is the focus of our sales organization. Two is access to capital in the public markets. Three, more importantly, is continual funding by big pharma. Four is we are just doing a much better job with the value proposition. So there is sort of presumption that Charles River is too big and too flexible to deal with smaller companies, we are simply proving thats no longer the case. So we maybe larger than some of our smaller competitors, but that gives a smaller client access to greater capabilities for fair value. So yeah, we are  we have  we talked on our last call about lots of small pieces of business that we had with, whatever it was, a couple of 100 clients picking up work with them, some of that is obviously share. And thats an important part of the client base right now and certainly going forward, in so much of discovery, [work] being done by the biotech companies. So we intend to focus aggressively and professionally on that sector as well.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Chase & Co: And presumably this all kind of ties back to your comments on the ERP system and the fact youve got kind of better granularity from this field here and are able to extract a little bit more value. How are you feeling about the overall level of IT spent? Weve obviously seen one of your competitors make a big announcement, lot of that was central lab and other areas, but -- and they also talked about technology data -- toxicology data capture, can you just talk a little bit about your level of IT investment and do you feel a need to step that up in light of this environment or are you happy with what youve got?
James Foster: Weve spent significantly in IT for the last few years, getting our ERP system up and additional software capabilities particularly in the preclinical sector, which enhances our report writing and formatting, but also data capture and also portal interface with clients, where were working on that aggressively this year and probably well continue to do so. So, its customized to the clients. I think were feeling that its a manageable, reasonable amount of money that is allowing us to work much more holistically with our clients. And so, yeah, were comfortable with the levels at that which were working and I wouldnt see any need for dramatic increase going forward.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then last one on the academic, you called out competitor price increases this year, or are you a little bit more confident that, that business can maybe show some upside in potentially around share shift for you?
James Foster: Yeah, were -- this has been the third or fourth year of continued increase in revenue growth in the academic sector. And going back to 2009, we put a lot more people focusing on that sector because its just  its a more laborious sell. Thats worked really well, and this price disparity, which has historically been the biggest problem weve with the academic sector just simply doesnt exist their situation where weve the same price points and some slightly higher. So, yeah, Id anticipate that well be continuing  be able to continue to take share in the academic sector. We do very well in Europe, and were beginning to do very well in U.S., and well continue to focus there.
Tycho Peterson  JP Morgan Chase & Co: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann, LLC: Hey, good morning guys. Just a quick one here, Ive a question about -- Jim, can I ask you to give us your current assessment of the capacity profile in the outsourced GLP business, how is capacity changing and how do you think it compares to the amount of work thats going on? And lastly, could you just kind of speak firstly about North America and then maybe give us your assessment in Asia, same question?
James Foster: Yeah. We never how much space the clients have, unfortunately. So, its hard to size. We know that theyve more space than the CROs collectively because still the majority of work is done there. The CROs  we took our 20% of our space over the last two years and most of our major competitors have done the same, a couple have talked about doing even some more in 2012 as demand isnt there. Certainly, weve seen some of the big clients spaced out, and there have been some recent announcements by other clients to do the same. So, the good news is that capacity is contracting in the industry, our capacity utilization has improved. I suspect others have as well. There is still a lot of space available. The bad news is that puts a little pressure on the margins and price in the short-term, but the good news is that work comes outside of clients, we wont have the need to build any incremental space. So, I think thats quite a positive. Our information on China would be a little bit dated, but I can just tell you that when we were there with our facility, there wasnt a significant level of consistent interest, it was very fragmented and we didnt have any large clients to do a significant amount of work. Id imagine that hasnt changed much. But having said that, you only have, I dont know, 500,000 or 600,000 square feet as supposed to several million, I think it was 8 million in the state. So weve a much smaller square footage profile. Id suspect its still thoroughly underutilized and that everyone is in a loss, continues to be in loss position over there. Probably on a proportional basis, the capacity in the state is probably very utilized, but still a lot left to go. So, its hard to say thats probably in the U.S. probably a couple of years, two to three years of space left before there is a need for people to open additional space.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann, LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Well go next to Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc: Great, yeah, just a quick one on the PCS operating profit, just sort of Im clear on the expectations around operating margins in 2012, should the starting point be what we saw this quarter ex the non-increase based tax adjustment or when you say you expect further improvement off the margins, is that including that non-income based tax adjustment of $1.7 million?
Tom Ackerman: Well, our comments about expecting improvement are really based on the full-year numbers. So, while we did have a good Q4, our numbers for the full-year are slightly below that, and of course the  as we mentioned in the remarks, the tax  non-income based tax pickup in the fourth quarter is not really something that wed expect to recur clearly.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc: Okay, so the 
Tom Ackerman: So, we dont expect to see some improvement off for the full-year rate and if you just look at the fourth quarter, obviously, if you exclude the non-income based adjustment or pickup, you get to at least a more normalized rate in the fourth quarter.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc: Got you. Thats helpful. And then, Jim, you continued to highlight acquisitions obviously as a key part of the strategy, I mean, without being too specific, can you give us a little bit better of a sense of what areas within the business or regions youd like to build out or bolster, any general sense of order of magnitude there?
James Foster: Ive to keep it quite general, I mean, it would be upstream; it would be technology-based focused principally on In Vivo biology, it could be in deep trouble as well. Were certainly looking at other geographies besides the major ones that were participating in now. Were looking to sort of fill-in the portfolio that weve where weve any gaps.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc: So, nothing too needle moving then, more -- a bit more bolt-ons, is that the idea?
James Foster: Probably in the short-term, yes.
Robert Jones  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Well go next to Greg Bolan with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Hey, thanks. Jim, could you just kind of characterize internally personal like attrition, retention, how you feel about employment levels at this point, specifically in the mid to senior ranks, please?
James Foster: Sure. Weve a very strong senior team. Most of the people have been here relatively long period of time. So, weve really good stability and amazing longevity statistics, people that know the industry well, the clients well, and we all work well together, thats -- the office group is about 30 people. Most of the businesses that weve either built from the ground up or acquired have similar strong longevity statistics as well, and weve very low turnover over the last few years. So, Id say that were retaining our people very well. I think we take competitively. I think people work here because what we do makes a difference. And Id call it a stable environment, obviously not withstanding the workflows reductions weve had primarily in our preclinical business over the last three years where mostly we take junior people out, like, a few at sort of mid-management level.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Thats helpful. Thanks, Jim. And then, just nearly eight years, in the making now, sitting with the Inveresk asset, Im just trying to think  I know its difficult because the two have probably now obviously dovetailed for many years now. But just thinking about the stickiness with regards to the revenue synergies between PCS and specifically research models or products, how would you characterize that level of synergy at this point?
Jim Foster: Id say that for clients of scale, the ability to buy across the continuum has become increasingly important. We are seeing structurally clients at the large pharma is being responsible for late discovery or early development, I dont know what they call it, at their individual companies, really focused on extend pretty much across all of that we do. And its quite important to them. So I think that the scale and the breadth of the portfolio continues to be a distinguishing and competitive feature for us.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay, great. And this is the last one on the insourcing theme that you had kind of talked about last quarter, were certainly starting to see some of the U.S. based pharma companies looking to potentially, capacity that they currently have, have best of breed partners come in, operate those facilities thinking one particular in the Indianapolis with regards to discover chemistry. Is that  what do you think is driving that? Is that just a better model in some of the pharma companys eyes or any commentary around that beam or trend would be very helpful actually?
Jim Foster: I dont know if its better model. Weve been talking a lot to our clients about insourcing, outsourcing strategy where they can do both. So they can utilize our facilities on an external basis when they dont have the capacity or the specific ability to do, lets say some sort of specialty tox. And then in facilities that they want to keep or need to keep for whatever reason, expertise, lets say, the ability to have someone else to manage that and hopefully manage it more efficiently I think is  really gets their attention. Then the ability to move compounds within that system either doing it internally at their own facilities with their people that we could manage or at our facility, with our people that we obviously manage gives them much bigger footprint and enhances the flexibility. So I think the clients are increasingly interested in trying that structure. We have several conversations going on right now about that.
Greg Bolan - Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Go ahead please.
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi. Thanks. Could you talk about which part of the businesses are outperforming to the extent that it requires recent merit-based increases that are offsetting your cost savings?
Tom Ackerman: Which businesses outperformed in 11 relative to plan?
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Im just thinking, going forward, there was a question previously where you mentioned merit-based increases, I think you mentioned 2012 that would offset the cost savings that you were going to  that you got and Im just curious what parts of the business is outperforming to warrant those merit-based increases?
Tom Ackerman: Well, its -- the merit-based increases are more of a inflationary equity type adjustment. I believe in December we talked about the range of increases, which  while not uniform across the company, its fairly consistent based on the localized market. So, weve struggled through the last few years with reductions in headcount, one year, where we had no merit increases and another year where it was low inflation. So -- this year, merit is little bit more across the board, obviously, any individuals who are not performing up to appropriate desiring in those particular areas arent getting awarded as much, but its any exceptions like that or more geographic or an individualized basis rather than on a business basis.
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And did you anticipate the inventory write-down and the non-income based tax adjustment, either of those in the guidance that you gave in the third quarter?
Tom Ackerman: We anticipated having some issues to deal with. The amount was a little bit lucid. So, Id say that was something that we were looking at, but took a fair amount of analysis on our part actually come up with the number.
Timothy Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Go ahead please.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. My first question is, you sort of alluded to this in your prior comments, but I just wanted to clarify, the reorganization that youve announced, I suppose its August, some time summer last year, in 2011 into two regions to provide a more seamless solution, has this transition been completed yet? Im just trying to see is there more sort of horsepower that your sales force will receive after this transition if its not?
James Foster: It has been completed. And we had it now for about six months and weve it completed during the budget process, which was extremely helpful, and just to add, our international sales meeting, which weve in mid-January and it just was very powerful the interface between the operating folks and the sales organization. So yeah, we completed it, were extremely pleased with it, the client feedback is great, and the sales force seems better congealed than ever.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets Inc: Got it and then, just switching gears a little bit, more a big picture question. I think you mentioned something on the NIH budget, so yesterday the present release its fiscal 2013 budget where you actually proposed NIH funding remained flat year-over-year which is actually pretty good given current budget pressures. So I know you stated before that its not, Charles River is not too sensitive to the downward pressures with NIH budget, and its only early on in the process, but would better than expected NIH funding have any different demand profile for you guys to the upside?
James Foster: I mean it could, our academic sales have increased significantly over the last few years, we bid on lots of large government contracts, many of which are funded by the NIH, were winning a lot of them. So obviously they could be incremental work coming out. We also sell our products directly into the NIH and sales there weve been focusing on it more, more thoroughly and sales there have increased as well. So obviously upside in spending certainly could be beneficial as I said earlier as the price point versus the competition for our research models in particular has flattened, were getting a lot more traction from a share point of view.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets Inc: Got it, and then just, I guess, one follow-up on that was, I think you expected a price increase of 2% to 3% in 2012 within RMS; can you just shed any color as to how its been received in the market place so far it sounds positive, but just want to just see if you can add more color there. Thank you.
James Foster: Price increase has been received well, with virtually very little pushback and were pleased by that.
Garen Sarafian - Citigroup Global Markets Inc: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question is from Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker  Morgan Stanley: Hi this is Andy Schenker in for Ricky. I was just looking for a little more detail on revenue guidance, you targeted 1% to 3% excluding FX, which to me implies higher growth in RMS and potential year-over-year declines for PCS. For RMS clear you have the price increases, I mean how much of that of the increase in RMS is really from the price increase, and how much is from your unit growth. And then for PCS should we think of maybe steady growth from 4Q levels excluding the extra week in any year-over-year declines as a result to maybe tougher comps from the first half of 2011 level?
Tom Ackerman:  Yes, what we had said was on a constant currency as you noted, our guidance for 12 was 1% to 3%. We did say that we expect that the RMS to outperform that and we did say that we expect that the preclinical to be a little bit less than that which obviously balances out the numbers. On both segments, as we just talked about somewhat extensively 53rd week was obviously was a benefit in Q4 and 2011 it obviously creates a slight win going into 2011  2012 of about the same percentage on a full-year basis, which we said was about 1% for the full-year. Pricing in RMS is overall for 2012 is somewhere in the 2-ish percentage range. So clearly thats part of the uptick in RMS. Next year we talk about some business is being a little bit better like Discovery and Vitro and some of the small models continuing to be challenged as well as the large model business on the PCS side, we talked about regulated talks, continuing to be a little bit of a drag and in the non-GLP areas that would continue to be developed positively. So basically in a nutshell thats how Id attempt to answer your question.
Andy Schenker  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just looking maybe sequential progression throughout the year for PCS, I mean, as a good starting point 4Q level  the extra week or ?
Tom Ackerman: Yeah more or less, I mean, with the growth rate overall, we dont expect a lot of dynamic activity quarter-to-quarter. If you think about where we are year-over-year, we did say specifically given the uptick in Q4 because of the 53rd week that we think PCS will be down sequentially going into Q1 and really from there it will probably move sideways to up notionally quarter-over-quarter, but nothing dramatic.
Andy Schenker  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Todd Van Fleet with First Analysis. Go ahead please.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: Hi. Good morning, guys. On PCS, whats the opportunity for further expense reduction, expense savings kind of in a flattish environment in 2012 and I guess maybe I ask a little bit differently, what type of environment would have to exist for the company to consider further expense reductions? Thanks.
Tom Ackerman: Well, clearly in a flattish environment as you suggest that, we are not really looking at volume related type reductions of which, quite honestly a lot of the historical reductions have been directly related to volume. But in addition to that, weve changed processes in a number of areas and actually improved our efficiencies as well. And looking to 2012 and beyond, we do have a number of projects that are sort of ongoing as a result of that performance improvement program in 2011, that was the focal point of the reductions in Q4 and we still continue to believe that from an efficiency basis, we can continue to do work better and more efficiently and were continuing to attempt to do that. I dont expect any watershed moments to come out of that. So I think the efficiencies will be achieved on a sort of constant basis and will result in things like attrition and what not as opposed to any watershed activities in a given period.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: So Tom just to elaborate on that then, if we were have an environment where lets say, Charles River won a couple of other these strategic partnerships or maybe preferred partnerships, what have you, but maybe the overall environment was a little bit flattish, we could still see a scenario whereby the company would be able to reduce the expense space even in the phase of the new business from the relationships  in the relationships?
Tom Ackerman: Id say yes, with the exception of it will depend on how meaningful those partnerships were. So if we were to announce another meaningful partnership, it would be clearly difficult to do that without affecting headcount directionally in any manner. So, our view would be continue to try to increase business, win strategic partnership awards, and in some cases we might have to add incremental heads, but not as many as we would have added historically by being more efficient.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from James Kumpel with BB&T Capital Markets.
James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about the nature of demand for the large models? Do you see a fundamental shift or just an adjustment in the inventory for temporary demand? And then Ive a follow-up question on the timing of CapEx and when you expect that to sort of Tier down in 2012?
Jim Foster: We have been seeing a fundamental shift in the demand quotient for large animals for a while now. Thats related to several things. The actual amount to safety assessment work, its being done, which of course is off right now. The sheer cost of those studies makes our clients more sensitive and they will wait until the last minute to do them. And also clients have become very price sensitive. So we  yeah, weve several sources of these animals and clients are interested in lower price animals from lower cost sources. So wed see how its hitting both lines as we indicated in our remarks, has a big impact in operating margin because this historic line has historically been extremely high margin, margins were okay now, but theyve certainly declined over the last few years and its hard to see what catalyst would change that slope. Having said that, I mean, that will seek a level that its required to continue to fund large animal studies, which of course required by the FDA. So it will level out for us, we have multiple sources of lower cost animals, so we will obviously be able to continue to participate in this market and I think we know how to house them and deliver them in a cost effective passion.
James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then now on CapEx, obviously there was a temporary uptick in the fourth quarter due to timing, as you talked about, is that going to start tiering down into more normal levels in the first quarter or the second quarter?
Tom Ackerman: Well, Id say given the few projects that are ongoing now and part of the reason for the little bubble in Q4, we will probably see it, not as quite heavy as Q4, but my guess would be that in 2012 we will see a little bit more activity from a timing standpoint in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. But even though we had a little bubble in Q4, as we said, we dont expect to spend any more capital in 2012 and nor do we expect to spend at that kind of a run rate in a given quarter.
James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ill now turn the conference over to Susan Hardy, for closing remarks.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Then ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy  Corporate VP, Investor Relations Jim Foster  Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley Douglas Tsao  Barclays Capital Dave Windley  Jefferies & Company John Kreger  William Blair Garen Sarafian  Citigroup Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank Tim Evans  Wells Fargo James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories third quarter 2011 earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. And, later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2011 earnings conference call and webcast.  This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our third quarter results and review guidance for 2011. Following the presentation we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 219596. The replay will be available through November 16th. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 23rd, 2011, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link.  Now, Ill turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our third quarter results and commentary on our business prospects. We reported sales of $277.6 million in the third quarter of 2011, an increase of 2.5% from the same period in 2010. Foreign exchange represented a 3.7% benefit. On a constant dollar basis, the RMS business performed well with sales gaining 3.1% year-over-year, and sales for the preclinical services segment declined 7.3% from the same period a year-ago.  Ill speak more about the relative segment performance shortly, but we view these results as evidence of the continuing evolution in large pharmaceutical companies to drug development models that Ive spoken about before, which increasingly emphasize short-term studies aimed at washing out nonviable molecules earlier and taking a more limited number through the regulated safety assessment process. We believe this thesis is confirmed by the fact that this week, we were awarded a significant expansion of an existing preferred provider agreement with the leading global pharma company.  Under the expanded agreement, Charles River is the clients primary in vivo biological partner, providing non-GLT pharmacology for multiple therapeutic areas, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics or DMPK services, and GLP safety assessment. Under the original agreement, we were the clients primary provider for GLP safety assessment and also provide a DMPK services. We were able to demonstrate to this client that we could offer a flexible service model which supports their goal of more efficient and cost effective drug development. We believe this value proposition will resonate with other large bio pharmaceutical clients, particularly as they increasingly choose to outsource as a viable alternative to more costly in-house infrastructure. The operating margin declined 10 basis points from the third quarter of 2010 and 300 basis points sequentially to 16.2%. The sequential RMS margin decline was expected due to normal seasonality, which occurs in both the third and fourth quarters of the year. The preclinical services margin decline was the result of lower sales volume due to softer demand for regulated safety assessment services and weaker demand for mid tier pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies which were affected by reduced availability funding. Earnings per diluted share were $0.57 in the third quarter of 2011 compared to $0.46 in the third quarter of 2010, a 24% increase. The lower number of shares outstanding was the primary driver of the EPS increase. We continued to return value to shareholders in the third quarter through our share repurchase plan with the purchase of approximately 1.8 million shares for approximately $64 million. This brings our cumulative total repurchases from August 2010 through the end of the third quarter of 2011 to approximately 17.3 million shares or more than 26% of our outstanding shares. The third quarter repurchases were funded primarily through the $40 million of free cash flow generated in the third quarter. For 2011, we continue to expect sales to be slightly higher than 2010, due to favorable foreign exchange rates. We are narrowing the guidance range for earnings per share to between $2.40 and $2.45 from our earlier range of $2.38 to $2.48. Given our expectation for continuing softness in preclinical sales, we do not believe the upper end of our previous range is attainable. However, we continue to generate strong free cash flow and reaffirm our guidance of a $165 million to a $175 million. Based on our expectation for stable sales performance, our ongoing efforts to operating efficiency and our stock repurchase plan, we are confident that we can achieve free cash flow from earnings in these ranges.  Before reviewing the segment results, Id like to discuss our view of the evolution of our large biopharmaceutical clients drug development models. We are all very aware of the fact that our clients are grappling with two significant challenges, pipelines which have yielded very little in recent years and overly large and unveil the infrastructures, which had cost and suppressed innovation.  In the past two years, we have all witnessed their significant efforts to improve operating efficiency and reduce costs, elimination of therapeutic areas, production of molecules in the pipeline, business reorganization and capacity and headcount reduction have all been geared towards streamlining infrastructures. Concurrent with these actions, we are also seeing efforts to construct better approaches to drug development.  The most notable change has been our large clients increasing focus on eliminating molecules at the earlier stages of in vivo work. If they cant prove the efficacy of a compound or biologic early in the process, they eliminate it and move on. This has resulted in an increased focus on DMPK and in vivo pharmacology, which are primarily non-GLT efficacy testing and a reduction in a number of molecules that progress the safety assessment which includes toxicology. It is for this reason that we dont expect a significant improvement in demand for safety assessment in the near term. However, we are beginning to see significant opportunities emerging in outsourced efficacy testing.  We believe the markets, the DMPK and in vivo pharmacology which represent only a portion of efficacy testing could represent more than $2 billion. Estimates placed for market for in vivo pharmacology which is the larger of the two, at $1.5 billion, of which, less than 20% is currently outsourced. DMPK is a smaller market estimated at $750 million and outsourcing penetration is believed to be higher. These services were historically considered core by our client and were not available to CRO. As they continue to evaluate the benefits of outsourcing, we estimate that as much as 75% to 80% of these services could be outsourced.  We continue to discuss these opportunities with our large biopharmaceutical clients who believe that through outsourcing they can have access to scientific expertise on a flexible basis and at a lower cost, and then they could do so by maintaining the infrastructure internally. And as biopharmaceutical companies limit the number of providers with whom they do business, the opportunities for a top tier company like Charles River increase.  The expanded agreement I just discussed demonstrates this trend exactly. We already had a preferred provider agreement in place with this large client and were their primary provider for DMPK and GLP safety assessment. The expanded agreement which extends for a period of five years now encompasses all of the products and services we currently provide to this client and establishes us as their primary in vivo biology partner. It is expected to double the volume of business we do with this client. And when their programs are fully up and running in 2013, total revenue from this client is likely to represent more than 5% of our projected total sales. New business which will be outsourced to us includes non-GLT pharmacology for multiple therapeutic areas. These services are pivotal to the clients ability to screen large numbers of molecules and determine which of these are viable, enabling them to make informed decisions earlier about which models should progress to regulated safety assessment studies. The client chose to partner with Charles River for its entry into large-scale outsourcing of in vivo biology services, because of our broad portfolio products and services, scientific expertise and our willingness to develop a customized in vivo biology program which reports a more flexible and cost effective drug development model. We believe that this agreement is a leading indicator of the evolution of drug development industry that large biopharmaceutical companies will increasingly turn to outsourcing as to means to improve from the drug development process. We are in the earlier stages of similar discussions with other large clients and believe that the expanded agreement will serve as a template for those who want to establish this type of strategic partnership.  We are beginning to see our large biopharmaceutical clients increased outsourcing of non-GLT services in both RMS and PCS, although the contribution to PCS revenues is being overshadowed by a continuing decline in demand for GLT safety assessment. Our RMS service businesses are focused on the earlier stages of drug development, which is why we believe we are seeing growth in all of them. We were very pleased with the performance of the Research Model Services businesses which include Genetically Engineered Models & Services or GEM, Research Animal Diagnostics Services or RAD, Discovery Services, and Consulting and Staffing Services or CSS. In total, and excluding foreign exchange, sales of services increased 4.3% from the third quarter of 2010.  The strongest performance was in our global GEMs business which grew nearly 10% in the quarter. GEM has benefited from our clients development of new more complex genetically engineered models and the expansion of functional genomics, and their willingness to outsource colony management to us. These models are particularly challenging to produce and validate, so our expertise in this area makes us the logical choice as our clients decide what is core to their process and what can dependably be outsourced. In October, we were very pleased to announce that the DTCC, a consortium form by Charles River GEM, the University of California Davis, Toronto Center for Phenogenomics, and Childrens Hospital Oakland Research Institute was awarded a grant by the NIH for $34 million over five years to participate in the second phase of the Knockout Mouse Project known as KOMP2. Charles Rivers well-known expertise in large-scale production made us an excellent partner in this effort, which has generally been the domain of academic institution. We look forward to working with the scientific thought leaders in the DTCC and to utilizing our expertise to support the effort to develop better model in human disease. The grant was not a factor in our third quarter RMS results, but academic and government clients overall were strong contributors to year-over-year RMS sales gain. Sales to these clients increased nearly 10% in the quarter.  As it has throughout the year, the In Vitro business again delivered very strong results in the third quarter. The portable testing system or PCS continues to drive growth as more readers are deployed in the field and cartridge sales increase. Because the portability and the speed of the PCS accelerates the testing process for clients, we continue to identify growth opportunity outside of the core pharmaceutical market, such as nuclear pharmacies, dialysis clinics and small drug and device manufacturers. We expect these markets to continue to generate growth and also believe that we will increase sales to large biopharmaceutical clients.  On our second quarter conference call, I mentioned that we had filed with the FDA for approval of the multi-cartridge pack, which would enable us to increase our sales to central testing laboratory. The FDA has recently released our first three validation batches so we have actively begun to sell the multi-cartridge pack to these high-volume users. Combined with the automated MCS, which we anticipate launching at the end of the first quarter of 2012, we expect to be able to drive continued growth through conversion of our large clients central testing laboratories.  The seasonal impact was visible in sales and research models, which declined sequentially in all geographic locales except Japan. We expect the sales in Japan to be higher despite seasonality, because of the impact of the earthquake on the second quarter results. In addition to seasonality, sales are also affected by pricing. As preferred provider agreements are put in place and our large biopharmaceutical clients bring more of the sales under those umbrellas, increased sales volume results in lower pricing. We expect this trend to continue, although it will be offset in part by price increases which we continue to implement annually and enhance service revenues.  Price sensitivity has been a constant factor since late 2008. Now, we dont expect this to change as long as there is significant excess capacity for services in both the biopharmaceutical and CRO industry. Being an efficient provider who can price its products and services competitively, makes us a more attractive partner, which is why our efficiency programs are so vital to our success. These initiatives are directed at refining processes and workflows to improve our speed and efficiency, so that we can pass on those savings for our clients in the form of enhanced service and lower costs. Id like to share an example of this with you. Through an efficiency initiative design to improve deliverables to our clients, we have recently completed a project intended to reduce reporting timelines by approximately 10% for large proportion of our GLP study. To further enhance report delivery, working on a proof-of-concept project with a specific client, we were able to reduce delivery time by approximately 35%. We and the client were extremely pleased with the outcome of this initiative which we believe can be used to reduce delivery time for clients. In 2012, we will implement the next phase of this project, the goal of which will be to extrapolate the improvement across our client base. We are continuing to identify and pursue other initiatives which will further our goal of maintaining the high quality of our science in customer service at a lower cost.  In reference to my earlier point that our business needs to evolve in order to support our clients changing need, Id like to comment on the business alignment we announced in August. As many of you understood, this action was the culmination of other actions we had taken in the last three years to enhance our ability to sell our across our early stage portfolio.  We reorganized PCS into a global network of site and thereby improve the standardization and harmonization of the facility. This enables our customers who work at multiple sites with the confidence that their studies would be consistently performed regardless of location. Weve realigned the sales force to increase the number of customer touch point and educated our personnel to view the portfolio as a continuum of products and services, which could be packaged flexibly in order to support each client specific needs.  Weve raised our visibility with our large biopharmaceutical clients, forging strong relationships which are evolving into larger strategic partnerships as is the case with the agreement we announced today. Combining the RMS and PCS businesses was a logical step, because it aligned the businesses in the way that our clients view us as the premier provider of in vivo biology expertise. Our clients are increasingly viewing our broad portfolio of essential products and services and our scientific expertise as tools they can use to further their goal to bring more drugs to market sooner and at a lower cost. Its our goal to ensure that we maintain and enhance our role as their premier provider of in vivo biology and a strategic partner of choice.  In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment and resilience and our shareholders for their support. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom Ackerman. 
Tom Ackerman : Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance, let me remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website.  Our third quarter performance was a balance of the favorable performance in our RMS business, with lower PCS results. The strong RMS sales growth of 7.7% or a 3.1% constant dollar increase, the highest RMS growth rate this year reflects the segment services focus in early in vivo biology in addition to continued strength in other products. The 4.9% decline in PCS sales reflects continued soft demand for GLP safety assessment services.  The third quarter operating margin declined 10 basis points year-over-year to 16.2% as it dropped through over the PCS sales decline offset both the benefit from last years cost savings actions and the improvement in RMS. Stock repurchases offset this operating performance driving robust EPS growth of 23.9% in the third quarter, the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EPS growth above 20%. On a sequential basis, the anticipated seasonal decline in RMS sales and operating margin was amplified by softer PCS results. The cumulative impact of these factors result in an 300-basis point decline in the consolidated operating margin and a 19% of EPS decline. Because of the high fixed cost nature of our business, a significant portion of the $4 million sequential decline in PCS sales drop through to operating income. To right size our infrastructure to match anticipated future demand, we are implementing a cost savings action in the fourth quarter to reduce our global headcount by approximately 2% predominantly in the PCS segment. While we expect the expanded in vivo biology partnership to enhance utilization at both RMS and PCS facilities, we will selectively reduce headcount in certain areas where we see an opportunity to improve operating efficiency, while continuing to accommodate the anticipated client demand. This action is expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $7.5 million, beginning in 2012. Given the timing, we expect the impact to be minimal this year. As a result of this action, we expect to record approximately a $3.5 million of severance and other costs primarily in the fourth quarter. These charges will be excluded from non-GAAP results. Third quarter unallocated corporate costs were more favorable than our prior outlook. These costs were $14.6 million essentially unchanged versus the prior year, but down $3.6 million sequentially. The sequential decline was driven primarily by lower health and fringe related costs which were more favorable than anticipated in the third quarter. Lower performance based bonus accruals in the quarter and tighter discretionary spending also contributed to the decline. We did incur a consulting fees in the third quarter as expected related to our program to enhance process efficiency. We have already started many of these projects and plan to update you on the progress of these initiatives on our guidance call in December. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect unallocated corporate cost to be higher than the third quarter 11, due primarily to the 53rd week which will have nearly a full week of corporate costs.  Net interest expense of $6.9 million was essentially flat from the second quarter. However, we expect a moderate reduction in interest expense to approximately $6 million in the fourth quarter due to the benefits from the amended credit agreement that I will outline shortly. Other expense, which we do not forecast, as it relates primarily to investment gains and losses associated with our deferred compensation program, was $0.7 million and reduced EPS by $0.01 in the third quarter. To take advantage of the attractive credit markets, we amended our credit agreement on September 23rd to effectively reduce the interest rates. The margin on the term loans and drawn amounts in the revolver decreased by 75 basis points at our current leverage ratio to LIBOR plus 175 basis points, which is expected to reduce our interest expense beginning in the fourth quarter. This amendment did not change the amount of outstanding debt or available credit under the facility, but did extend the maturity to September 2016. We wrote off approximately $1.5 million in deferred financing cost related to the amendment, which was excluded from our non-GAAP results in the third quarter.  The non-GAAP tax rate declined 220 basis points sequentially and 280 basis points year-over-year to 22.9% in the third quarter of 2011. The lower tax rate was primarily related to the favorable settlement of a tax audit in a foreign jurisdiction. We now expect a 2011 non-GAAP tax rate to be slightly greater than 25% which is slightly below our prior outlook.  Free cash flow improved slightly in the third quarter to $40 million, up from $37.7 million last year, when excluding the $30 million acquisition termination fee. With the year-to-date free cash flow at $130 million and slightly lower expectations for capital expenditures for the year of approximately $40 million, we continue to expect free cash flow to be $165 million to $175 million for 2011.  DSOs remained relatively stable at 50 days, unchanged from the second quarter, and a slight improvement from 52 days in the third quarter of last year. Our cash and marketable securities balance declined to slightly below $100 million at the end of the third quarter due in part to the repayment of approximately $58 million on our Euro-denominated term loan and cash used for stock repurchases. We are comfortable with our current liquidity position, including our strong cash flow generation and over $300 million available under our revolver. Our capital priorities continued to be focused on stock repurchases, debt repayment, and potential smaller acquisitions, the timing of which is difficult to predict. Our stock repurchase activity were slightly more aggressive in the third quarter than initially planned due to the compelling evaluation of our shares. We repurchased 1.8 million shares in the third quarter for $63.8 million. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 141 million remaining on our current stock repurchase authorization. Stock repurchases continue to be an integral method that we utilize to return value to shareholders. Since August 2010, we have invested $609 million in stock repurchases, reducing shares outstanding by more than 26%. We anticipate a moderate level of stock repurchases continuing in the fourth quarter. Our debt balance decreased by approximately $49 million during the third quarter to $740 million at quarter-end. This was consistent with our goal to delever below three times debt to EBITDA which we accomplished. As I mentioned earlier, we repaid EUR40.9 million or approximately $58 million at the beginning of the third quarter in conjunction with the restructuring of our international subsidiaries. We also borrowed $22 million on the revolver to supplement our US capital needs. Based on US free cash flow expectations for the fourth quarter, we plan modest debt repayment in addition to stock repurchases.  We have narrowed our 2011 EPS guidance to a range of $2.40 to $2.45 reflect our third quarter performance and expectations for the fourth quarter. We continue to expect that sales will be slightly higher than the $1.13 billion reported last year, including an approximate 2.5% benefit from foreign exchange in 2011. This guidance assumes that the soft pre-clinical market condition will persist. Guidance also reflects the fourth quarter impact of normal seasonality and the addition of the 53rd week. The expanded in vivo biology partnership with a leading global pharmaceutical company is not expected to have a material impact on fourth quarter results given anticipated ramp up through the second quarter of next year.  The addition of a 53rd week is required periodically in order to true-up to a December 31st fiscal year-end. Coming during the holidays, the 53rd week is characterized by light sales which is expected to be the primary driver behind an anticipated moderate increase in RMS sales from the third quarter level and also lead to flat sequential sales in the PCS segment. The 53rd week is also characterized by normal costs, so in conjunction with seasonality, we expect it will cause additional margin pressure on both segments in the fourth quarter, resulting in flat-to-slightly lower EPS from the third quarter level.  Historically, the PCS segment had experienced only a limited impact at year-end, because the study mix included more long-term studies. These studies continued over holiday period generating a relatively steady stream of revenue. Under the current conditions with more short-term studies in the sales mix, we expect lighter order activity and fewer study starts during the holiday period which will negatively affect PCS sales. This will be offset by the sales contribution of the 53rd week which is expected to lead to flat sequential PCS sales in the fourth quarter.  To close, our third quarter results reflect the challenges that our business continues to face as well as the progress that we have made to enhance shareholder returns. We believe the expanded in vivo biology partnership we discussed today positions us extremely well for additional partnership we discussed today positions us extremely well for additional partnership opportunities with other large biopharmaceutical clients. As they increase their focus on outsourcing earlier stages of their drug development activities, partnering with us could enhance the flexibility and cost effectiveness of their R&D programs. Well speak more about our expectations when we provide 2012 financial guidance on December 14th. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. Operator, would you please take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. Maybe first question for Jim on the large strategic partnership you highlighted with pharma. Since youve been a little bit later than maybe your peers to embrace the strategic deals, and obviously this doesnt involve a facility transfer, but can you talk about the margin profile from this type of deal for you? And is any part of this agreement exclusive? And maybe if you can also comment on your bandwidth to take on other similar strategic deals; I know you talked about exploring other opportunities.
Jim Foster: Sure. The work that has been outsourced to us we believe is exclusive. So theyve selected us also as their principal in vivo partner across a whole host of therapeutic area. This is work that historically was done internally by this large client to sort of sea change for them to outsource this work, it allows them to rationalize their own infrastructure and utilize ours.  We feel that we have sufficient capacity both in terms of people and space to accommodate for this work and we suspect we would have people and space to continue to not only crank this one up but take on additional clients, although to some extent depending on the size and the scale of the deal, additional direct labor could be required, but I dont think  I think we have sufficient senior scientific staff. Now, this is a deal that gives the client enormous flexibility to use our space instead of owning the assets themselves. And as we said in the call, I think its a very, very important template for other deals to come.  We have  weve never had a negative view of these deals. Weve been skeptical about doing deals, where we had to take on large amounts of capacity from a client, particularly since we have an abundance of capacity in a preclinical space. But certainly long-term large strategic deals with our large clients is exactly what were looking for, because strategic relationships are critical.  Our anticipated margin is that they will be sort of competitive and acceptable where we see the preclinical margins going. It depends obviously on capacity utilization, how quickly they scale up and how big this actually gets. We have an anticipated size which weve tried to sized you in our comments. We actually think there is upside to that both within these specific therapeutic areas, but also other works that were doing with them. So the power in this is the collective partnership and theyre working closely together. 
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay. And then my follow-up is just on pricing dynamics in the market. As you mentioned, obviously there is still a bias towards short-term contracts. Has the pricing dynamic remained rational or is it fairly stable? And, I guess, what gives you confidence that it doesnt drop-off for RMS? I didnt quite get the dynamic you talked about capacity utilization being relatively low, therefore RMS pricing would hold up. I didnt quite get that.
Jim Foster: Yes. So in the preclinical business, I mean we feel that pricing has stabilized substantially, except for periodic its very aggressive pricing. Actually more of the smaller players, we certainly try not responding kind, and our price flexibility has gone closely linked to volume and we like to keep it that way. So we certainly think we can continue to be sort of cost and price effective, particularly as the  if the volume increases. And were certainly seeing a shift to more short-term studies on the regulated work.  But as weve tried to really carve out clearly in this call, were seeing a significant increase in demand by clients who wanted to work earlier on to call down their portfolios, we size this market opportunity at more than a couple of billion dollars, and we pointed out the fact that it is essentially done internally by the drug companies. And so this big deal that we announced is I think a leading indicator of other deals like this to come as the drug industry is sort of sort out what drugs they really want to drive all the way through safety assessment. What was your RMS question? Sorry.
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Well, just to your comments on seasonality for RMS. And, I mean, I think youre implying that it will remain fairly stable. And, I guess, what gives you that confidence?
Jim Foster: I guess, years of history, conversations with clients, their feedback about future purchases  we continue to see obviously some slowness in upper RADS sales, corresponding significant increase in service revenue. Service revenue has very significant operating margins and so we are not seeing any margin drain as a result of that. We also feel that well continue to get price in our core animal business, which should offset any slowdown. So we think there is a high degree of predictability in that business model going forward. 
Tycho Peterson  JPMorgan: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, thank you. A couple of questions; first of all on your margin expectations for the future. Obviously margins for PCS were quite slow this quarter. Given the industry dynamics and the fact that we are seeing more preferred provider agreements they do come at a lower price tag, should structurally margins in the future stable is more kind of like the low double-digit range?
Tom Ackerman : Ricky, it was a little bit hard to hear parts of your question. You did comment on some of the different pressures that were seeing. Did you conclude by saying, is low double digits realistically where we should be? Is that?
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Tom Ackerman : Yes. Well, I wouldnt comment too precisely on that. What I would say is that, while the things that we have talked about with fairly experienced pressures on the margin, notwithstanding a lot of the cost actions that weve taken and continue to take. So we did talk about some actions that we were implementing as we speak with headcount, which is predominantly in the PCS would obviously provide some relief to margins. So what I would say is that were working hard to improve our margin.  Pricing is more stable at this particular point in time, so I dont see that as a meaningful issue today, unless that were to change and looking at where we had been during 2011, its really been the movement in volume and change in mix thats affected the margin principally. So were doing a lot of things to improve it. I dont want to characterize too much where we think we can get it to at this early point. We will talk more about that in December. So hopefully, you can kind of hold-off a little bit until we get to that point.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then as far as your customer composition, what percent of your book today is biotech plus kind of at the midsized pharma that are more impacted by the financing environment versus large pharma in academic centers?
Jim Foster: Its been a while since we broke it out that way, Ricky. Obviously, the fast preponderance of our clients is big pharma. And over the last time we did, it was probably 55%-ish, academics is another 22%, so the balance is sort of mid  what we call our mid-tier clients. We continue to feel that mid-tier is principally financed by pharma. And while beleaguered somewhat this quarter by the slowness in money flowing into the segment by the capital markets, we do think that over time the sort of difference between large pharma and biotech is pretty much blurs. It ought to be the same pool of capital dragged in those businesses. So while there seems to be more stability with our larger clients recently, I think long term is likely well see stability across that whole segment.
Ricky Goldwasser  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsao with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Tsao  Barclays Capital : All right, thanks, good morning. Just given the cost reduction actions that youre taking in the PCS business and the persistence of softness, I was just curious have you considered additional facility closures or rationalization of the footprint?
Jim Foster: Yes, weve certainly considered it. We constantly look at our infrastructure to make sure its appropriate in line with demand that were seeing globally and given the geographic footprint of our client, we like the size and scope and diversity and geographic dispersion of our footprint right now and also the specialty capabilities that we have in several locales. And so we think this is a very good footprint to service the markets on a forward going basis. So while its something that we look at it periodically, were happy with the footprint that we have now.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, we ask you to limit your questions to one. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley  Jefferies & Company:  Okay. I wondered Jim, if you could talk about the cycle time on this broader strategic deal that you talked about, how long did the discussions go on? How many discussions subsequent to that are you engaging in with other clients? And then if you could give us a sense of the profile of the late discovery work in vivo pharmacology DMPK in terms of revenue value, whats the average ticket there, and what does the margins of that business look like relative to more traditional safety testing? That would be great. Thanks.
Jim Foster: This is a very client that we have a strong relationship with. I would say that our relationship has been building and our interfaces have been with increasingly more senior people. Over the last three years I would say that the specific work that weve reported on today that was recently signed, that conversation and negotiations has been probably going on in earnest to sort of six to 12 months. It was a competitive process and one that we feel very good about. And we certainly think that their signals just given the size and scale and the financial strength of this company, the signals that other deals should follow.  We have several conversations going on right now, albeit earlier. But clients who are opened to discussing this, who are thinking about it, and since this deal was recently signed and we really havent had the opportunity to discuss with other clients even though were not going to name this specific client, I do think that that will generate additional business and actually speed up the process. So we know there is a lot of work, we know its historically been done internally. We watched with our discussions with this client how they got comfortable outsourcing at across multiple therapeutic areas, how were going to work together in sharing protocols and enhancing protocols and driving efficiency and the movements from the work done internally at the clients site to multiple Charles River sites and with the IT interface, its going to be et cetera, et cetera. So this is going to be a great one to sort of use as a model. So we think there is considerably more work. The work is shorter term, lower priced, and long-term studies, but it still should be a good margin. We havent  were not going to give a lot of detail on the margin or the pricing except to say that as with all clients, we were flexible with our pricing given the substantial volume that we have here and we continue to be. And, were quite confident that we will be able to drive efficiency through this work stream.  Weve been doing DMPK with this client now for probably a year and a half or two years, and that operation has got increasingly more efficient as we work closer together, and, frankly, as the volumes have increased. And were confident that well be able to do the same thing here. So some of the slowness in shortfall were seeing in the regulated safety assessment phase, we obviously offset and picked out by this shorter-term earlier work, and there ought to be  even though these studies are shorter in duration, there is probably a lot more of them just in terms of specific space themselves, weve got to see a better balance now between early stage and the later stage regulated work.
Dave Windley  Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger  William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger  William Blair : Hi, thanks very much. Jim you commented back I think on slide 16 about some lower pricing dynamics within RMS for your preferred client relationships. I dont recall that coming up before. Can you just talk about that? Is that a new dynamic that youre seeing? What sort of magnitude discounts are you giving? And what percentage of your RMS business would you say these type of arrangements apply to? 
Jim Foster:  Yes. So I think we probably have discussed it earlier, but if we havent, its just simply the notion is what I was referring to earlier. So just to be clear about, the notion that as we have larger longer-term relationships with clients and the volume increases under those contracts, they will invariably get the benefit of better prices from us, and thats our strategy forever. And we try really only to be price flexible in situations where we have substantially more volume. So I suspect it will come to play in many of these large agreements.  We think that the volume is very, very important particularly in the preclinical business as we fill out space, but also in RMS as well. Its incumbent upon us to hold and hopefully improve margins over time to driving efficiency which we believe that we can with most of these situations particularly as the volume increases. And I think well probably not going to give any greater specificity than that.
John Kreger  William Blair : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Garen Sarafian with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Garen Sarafian  Citigroup: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I wonder just to ask for some more details around what you see in the market. You mentioned some softer demand from your smaller end of the client base which youre actually seeing the softer demand whereas one of your peers recently mentioned that theyre anticipate softer demand due to lack of funding. So if you could just discuss the timing in which when you started seeing the lack in funding of your clients versus the lag to when you actually saw the decline demand. And also on the larger, I believe last quarter you mentioned that you were seeing some softness from your larger pharmaceutical  biopharmaceutical clients, so if you could update us on that as well. Thank you very much.
Jim Foster: I guess on the large pharma clients, we would characterize demand right now as much more favorable. And, obviously, signing this new large contract is quite positive. As we look at our client base, not only would the revenue of that particular deal will generate, but the potential for others as well. Weve talked from many quarters, there is a lot of work locked up inside of our clients that that we believe will be outsourced, whether its classic regulated safety assessment work or some of its early drug efficacy work. So pharma as a general probably seems more stable, although there is variability amongst the players in the large pharma universe. In terms of the smaller players, as I said earlier, we have done pretty well with them. We havent seen much volatility, A, because we do work with virtually all of them, and B, so much money has come directly from the big pharmaceutical companies to use them as they are discovery tools. So I dont know, I would say that weve only seen the softness sort of maybe a month before the beginning of the third quarter and through the third quarter, and this has been a relatively recent phenomenon tied to access to funding in the capital markets. Its probably something that well ameliorate with time, particularly as direct funding continues to be strong by the large drug companies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Van Fleet with First Analysis. Please go ahead.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: Hi, good morning, guys. A two-part question if I could. First, if the current environments persist in PCS for a sustained period of time, that is with respect to the funding for certain clients, the mix between GLP and non-GLP, how long is it do you think  how long is it before you think we could once again see organic revenue growth within the PCS segment?  And then, secondly, Jim, Id be interested in any more qualitative comments you might have surrounding that phenomenon of there being less safety related toxicology work, more non-GLP types of activities. What is it thats driving the decision-making on the part of your large pharma companies to kind of shift their activities in that way? We understand theyre being quick to kill and that sort of thing and being efficient, but is there  are there any other aspects of the kind of the broader macro environment that are causing  thats causing large pharma customers in particular to behave that way?
Jim Foster: The pressure is on their  P&Ls are causing the shift. As the drugs are rolling out patent, there are insufficient numbers of drug to fill that gap, I think everybody anticipates. There is obviously concerted pressure on all of these companies to reduce their infrastructure and theyre looking at things that theyve never done before. But our conversations with all of them are about how we all should do what we do best. And so were an in vivo biology company and we have a very large footprint in all of these animal related activities in both regulated and non-regulated tox studies. And the knowledge if they can get the work done as well, Id like to that. But certainly as well at and as quickly at favorable price points to not have to own the people and the space is becoming very intriguing and energizing to them.  And I think were going to see this accelerate, A, because I do think this deal that weve announced is sort of a seminal deal and is going to get a lot of attention from the other drug companies. And also, theyre all looking at similar pressures on their internal cost structures. And so I think its important as we all look at the  what weve called toxicology of preclinical services, you have to parse it differently. So there is safety assessment, which are regulated studies and then there were non-regulated studies which entails principally DMPK and in vivo pharmacology and a few other thing. And there is going to be a greater  there was  there is becoming a greater shift in that available work for us.  A trivial amount of the non-GLT stuff is currently outsourced and so we believe a lot more of it will come outside. We believe that the value proposition will be similar or perhaps better depending on the volume. And it really allows us to have a much more strategic relationship. So I do think that one needs to look at the preclinical universe differently than we have been historically. We and I think our shareholders in particular have only been talking about the build in regulated studies. And its clear that clients are being much more value to the critical earlier on, and while that has an adverse impact on the scale of the safety studies later on has a beneficial impact of the volume of business [inaudible] into process. And our goal will be to stay focused on principally large pharma and large biotech to try to get the lion share of this business as they outsource it.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: Thanks. And then the second part regarding the timeframe to return to organic growth?
Jim Foster: Thats a  its a certainly more difficult question to answer. Certainly, we should see greater stabilization of balancing in the value proposition than weve seen for the last two or three years. Weve actually had a decline in the revenue base. And I would like to think that the mix is shifting to the point where we ought to see some increases going forward. I would be reluctant particularly since were not away from our guidance call in being anymore specific than that.
Todd Van Fleet  First Analysis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: Can you just talk quickly about your sort of comfort with your leverage levels just in the context of that? You noted you will pay down a bit in Q4 and you continue to buyback stock just given the end market environment from an uncertainty perspective and given just some of the recent data points weve seen in leveraged markets where weve seen spreads come out a bit 
Tom Ackerman: Ross, I missed the last part of your question. So Ill try to answer it as best as I could based on what I heard before that. Were clearly comfortable with our leverage as it is today. I do think we would be comfortable with a somewhat higher leverage. But in our view we have a split investment grade rating, we are an investment grade rated by Standard & Poors and a notch or two below that for Moodys, and we do like that split rating. So in order for us to keep that, we have to maintain appropriate leverage probably slightly below where we are today, so were actually working toward that.  And as I mentioned, our capital deployment would be in stock purchases, debt pay down and smaller acquisitions, so I think the balancing between the three of them will be what we do on the M&A front, and that will sort of dictate our flexibility on both debt and share repurchases. But in the near term, as I said, I would anticipate we would continue to buy moderate levels of stock, and wed probably continue to pay down some debt, and that will be a little bit dependent on whether or not there is any M&A activity in the near term. So hopefully that answers the rest of your question. If not, we can always follow-up later.
Ross Muken  Deutsche Bank: No, thats perfect.
Tom Ackerman: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We want to remind you that you try to limit your questions to one. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Riddell Walker  Goldman Sachs: Hi, this is Riddell Walker [ph] in for Robert today. Just really quickly on the first part. Just in terms of the $7.5 million in headcount reduction cost, where should we think about that primarily coming from in PCS, is it the COGS or the SG&A portion?
Tom Ackerman: Principally in the cost areas  COGS. 
Riddell Walker  Goldman Sachs: Okay, perfect. And you kind of touched on this earlier, but just really trying to get a better sense of how should we think about the margin ramp in PCS, understanding you may want to wait to the 14th to delve more deeply into it. But just looking at least qualitatively, just how you think about getting back to that normal range on the margins in that segment. Thanks.
Tom Ackerman: Well, I think some of the factors that are important as I said little bit earlier is pricing. We do think pricing has stabilized, so I dont see in the nearer term pricing adding instability either in the downside or unfortunately on the upsides. So I think weve been in a stable mode for a while. So its a little bit above volume. Jim talked about some of the difficulties in the regulated GLP safety assessment work that we have been seeing.  And  but on the bright side we have been getting more inquiries and actually have been seeing more work on the non-GLP side referencing our recent partnership and other activity that weve actually had with other clients currently and discussions that were having with larger clients more prospectively. So we do get that as a little bit of a shift and hopefully we can accelerate that beyond what weve seen in GLP safety assessment.  While the GLP safety assessment outlook hasnt been great recently, we do think ultimately there will be more activity on that as companies refocus their energies away from late-stage clinical trials and get more molecules notwithstanding the fact that the paradigm has probably changed from what it was a couple of three years ago.  We do think that ultimately that market will get a little bit better in the GLP area, we just dont see it in the very near term, so were looking at more work on some of the partnerships that we talked about. And so if we can continue to push the volume there in conjunction with efficiencies and actions that were taking, we  hopefully we can continue to improve the margin, but its difficult at this time to, A, set an expectation for 2012 and probably even give you a realistic target of where we think we can be in a couple of years as an example. So hopefully that helps.
Riddell Walker  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Evans  Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks. Id like to get an update on how expected cost savings this year have played out? I think you were expecting something like $40 million in cost savings in 2011 after the 2010 charges in the fourth quarter of last year. It looks like total cost in 2011 are going to be about $10 million lower rather than $40 million, and I imagine the difference there probably comes in the relative segment performance. But I just like to understand that better. And, I guess, the main question is how do we have confidence that will see the benefit of the cost savings announced today in 2012? Thanks.
Tom Ackerman: Its a good question, but unfortunately its also very complicated. I do think were making good progress at our cost reductions. We do have some businesses that are growing, so were actually spending some money in businesses that are growing as you would expect us to do that I think you might have alluded to that. We also had some increases outside of the cost reductions in terms of merit increases in 2011, some level of incremental bonuses, although they will be lower than we expected at the beginning of the year. So we continue to make cost reductions and I think were doing well against our target.  Its being masked a little bit by the erosion in some cases in the PCS volume where were cutting cost but at the same time sales is eroding and therefore it appears that were not making inroads against cost certainly from a margin perspective. As I said, we did provide merit increases earlier in the year and some level of increase in bonuses. So I think a lot of the cost savings that were making are being masked, but I do think that were actually making good progress against our stated goals, and well continue to do that.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of James Kumpel with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Good morning. Can you characterize as you did in the year-ago your sense of capacity utilization on the toxicology side? And would you characterize PCS operating margins today at trough levels or do you see potentially more deterioration?
Jim Foster: I think we can both answer this. I think capacity utilization is improving slowly. We have some locations where capacity utilization is actually quite good. We have others where its not as good as wed like it to be. Little difficult to tell what the industry is doing, because a lot of our competitors are private. And, of course, the big issue is what are the clients doing in terms of reducing or taking their space out of operation. I think that has the biggest discernible impact. We certainly would like to believe that the merits that were seeing now are certainly at a trough. And we think that on a going forward basis, particularly if this early business continues to pickup as we anticipate, we should get some beneficial margin.
Tom Ackerman: Yes, I would essentially echo what Jim said. We did talk a little bit about the fourth quarter in terms of volume in preclinical sequentially. I think at this particular volume level, I would say the margins are pretty much troughed. There could be a little durability depending on mix and things like that, but I would characterize that in a small range of variance as opposed to a wide. So hopefully, well see volume pickup, and we can leverage the margins. But I think based on where we are for volume and unfortunately Q3 was lower than we thought it might be at the beginning of the year, thats really whats put pressure on the margins. And 2011 has really been the change in volume and to probably a lesser extent, the change in study mix.
James Kumpel  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon. And this concludes the conference call.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate Vice President, IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Ackerman - Corporate EVP & CFO
Analysts: Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird John Kreger - William Blair Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets Elizabeth Andersen - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' second quarter 2011 earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our second quarter results and review guidance for 2011. Following the presentation we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the investor relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today through August 17. It can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 209354. You may also listen to an archived version of the webcast on our investor relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 23, 2011, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call we will be primarily discussing results from continuing operations and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the investor relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by providing a summary of our second quarter results and commentary on our business prospects. We reported sales of $288.3 million in the second quarter of 2011, essentially unchanged from the same period in 2010. With foreign exchange contributing 4.3%, the RMS business performed well with sales gaining more than 1% year-over-year on a constant dollar basis. The decline was due to pre-clinical services. Demand from our large bio- pharmaceutical clients remained stable sequentially and the trend towards shorter-term general toxicology studies persisted.  We do not believe there has been any fundamental change in demand of or pricing. Ill speak more about assessment of the demand in a moment. We continued to make excellent progress in the second quarter on our key initiative of operating margin improvement due to cost savings initiative implemented in the fourth quarter of 2010 and our ongoing efficiency program. Operating income for the quarter was $55.3 million compared to $48.4 million in the second quarter of 2010. A 14.1% increase. The operating margin gained 240 basis points year-over-year to 19.2%. the sequential improvement was also impressive. Operating income rose 7.5% in the first quarter of 2011 and the operating margin improved by a 120 basis points. We made significant progress on our initiative of returning value to shareholders. Earnings per diluted share were $0.70 in the second quarter of 2011 compared to $0.50 in the second quarter of 2010. A 40% increase. On a sequential basis earnings per share increased 14.8%. In both cases improved operating income and share repurchases contributed to the increase. Since August of 2010, including the two accelerated share repurchase programs and open market transactions, we have repurchased approximately 15.5 million shares, or more than 23% of our outstanding shares. This includes approximately 0.5 million shares purchased on the open market in June. The result was a lower than expected share count which enabled us to enhance earnings per share. As a result of the strong results for the first half of 2011 and our expectations for a stable second half of the year we are raising our 2011 guidance, primarily due to favorable foreign exchange rates which could contribute up to 2% to growth. We now expect sales to be slightly higher than in 2010 rather than flat as previously expected. For earnings per share we are increasing our range to $2.38 to $2.48 from our previous guidance of $2.20 to $2.40. We are also increasing our guidance of free cash flow to a range of $165 million to $175 million from $150 million to $170 million. Between our stable sales performance, ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiency and our stock repurchase plan, we are confident that we can achieve free cash flow and earnings in these ranges. I would like to give you more detail on the segment results. In the second quarter sales for our RMS segment increased 6.6% to $178.2 million from the second quarter of last year, due principally to foreign exchange. The operating margin increased 350 basis points year-over-year to 32.6% driven by a combination of higher sales and cost actions we implemented in 2010. On a sequential basis sales increased by 2.8% and the operating margin improved by 140 basis points. Year-over-year every RMS production and service business expect Japan contributed to the operating margin improvement despite the fact that a few of the businesses reported sales decline. The North America research model production business continued to experience soft demand from our large biopharmaceutical clients. As was the case in the first quarter, sales performance in Europe was stronger than in North America which we continue to believe is a function of the more diverse client base. Sales in Japan declined less than $1 million sequentially do to the impact of the earthquake which occurred late in the first quarter of this year. Taken as a whole, the production businesses were down slightly from the prior year on a constant dollar basis, due primarily to Japan. Sales of outbred rats continued to be soft, consistent with demand for toxicology services. We are very pleased with the performance of the Research Model Services businesses which include, Genetically Engineered Models & Services of GEMS, Research Animal Diagnostic Services or RAD, Discovery Services and Consulting and Staffing Services or CSS. In total services sales increased 6.6% sequentially. The primary driver for GEMS, RAD and Discovery was our large biopharmaceutical clients who we believe are increasingly outsourcing non-GLP services in discovery such as pharmacology and DMPK. In the past these services were viewed as core competencies. But as biopharmaceutical companies continued to implement the actions to improve their operating efficiency, they are defining a larger list of services which can be outsourced. Our deep scientific expertise in these areas is well known by our clients and they are increasingly willing to rely on us to perform these services rather than maintaining the extensive and expensive infrastructure in-house. The In Vitro business again delivered very strong results with growth above 10%. The drivers of the second quarter performance were the same as in the first quarter, the Portable Testing System or PTS and the Asian markets. Because of the portability and speed of the PTS accelerate the testing process for clients, we continue to identify growth opportunities outside of the core pharmaceutical markets such as nuclear pharmacies, dialysis clinics and small drug and device manufacturers. We expect these markets to continue to generate growth and also believe that we will increase sales for large biopharmaceutical clients. We have been successful in placing the PTS and Multi-Cartridge System or MCS at a number of these clients, but require FDA approval of the multi-cartridge pack in order to handle the volume requirements of central testing laboratories. We have filed with the FDA but we cannot predict when we will receive approval. Once approval is obtained, however, we can assist our clients to begin the process of converting to the MCS. Id like to give you a brief update on the situation in Japan. We are extremely proud of the efforts of our Japanese colleagues made to mitigate the disruption to our business following the earthquake. They have been and continue to work tirelessly to ensure that our facilities are running as efficiently as possible. They are in contact with our clients on a regular basis to determine their requirements and have supported the clients throughout this period. As a result the second quarter sales and operating margin declines were less than we expected. The PCS segment reported sales of $110.1 million in the second quarter, a decline of 9.3% versus the prior year and 12.3% when excluding the effect of foreign exchange. Year-over-year sales decline was expected as the first and second quarters of last year did not fully reflect the impact of lower volume, pricing or sales mix, which became increasingly unfavorable in the second half of 2010 as demand for specialty toxicology declined. Although sales were below the previous year, our cost saving actions and continued efficiency initiatives resulted in a margin improvement. At 14%, the second quarter operating margin was 60 basis points higher than the previous year and despite a modest sequential sales decline it was just 10 basis points below the first quarter. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, our large biopharmaceutical clients shape a significant amount of our business representing more than half of PCS sales. These clients are undergoing their own cycles in their businesses and some are further along with restructuring efforts than others. We are very pleased with some of our clients who have progressed further through their processes and now are increasing the amount of work they placed with us. These increases are being offset by others who are placing less work as they continue the process of rationalizing pipelines and reducing costs, or are focused on other areas of their drug development pipeline. We dont expect this variability in demand to change in the short-term, which is why we expect that PCS sales in the second half of 2011 will be similar to the first half level. However, we believe that this is a timing issue rather than a fundamental weakening of demand. As a result of our enhanced relationships with these clients we have more insight into how far they have progressed in their efforts to restructure their research and development efforts. Based upon our discussions, we continue to believe that over the long term they will increase the amount of outsourced pre-clinical work, including both discovery and safety assessment and choose to do so with Charles River. Client feedback remains consistently positive. They respect our scientific expertise, the quality of our work and our responsive service. We also believe our mid-tier clients will be an increasingly important base for us as a source of revenue growth. As a result of the realignment of our sales force in late 2009 we've allocated more resources to our mid-tier clients, a group which includes small and mid-sized pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We've expanded our outreach to these companies, many of which have increased funding available to them as a result of partnering efforts with large pharma or the capital markets. Because they generally do not maintain the in-house infrastructure required for drug development, they need partners like Charles River who can afford them scientific expertise on a flexible basis. Our large pharmaceutical clients are increasingly comfortable with the concept of outsourcing as they strive to create a more flexible and productive drug development model. All of these companies are at different stages in the process, but we believe most of them are further along the curve towards outsourcing than they were a year ago. As mentioned, in addition to pre-clinical services they are also evaluating the outsourcing model for pre-IND studies performed during late discovery. That means there are new opportunities for us and we believe higher Research Model Services sales in the first half of 2011 were GEMS, RADS and Discovery Services, are evidence that we are winning our share of this new business. We believe increasing demand will drive more growth for all of our services, including both research model and pre-clinical services, and are identifying opportunities to expand our portfolio to accommodate our clients evolving requirements. We are evaluating a number of small, strategic acquisitions and in-licensing opportunities which would enhance the services we can offer our clients. These deals most of which would be included in Research Model Services are focused on discovery services, pharmacology and various technologies. Some of them represent geographic expansion opportunities. All of them are measured against our internal hurdle rates which generally are above our cost of capital. We are maintaining a very disciplined approach to this process, and although we hope to complete one or more deals before the end of the year, we cannot predict the outcome. My comments today about our large pharmaceutical clients desire for more strategic partnerships have been more focused on the efficiency these relationships provide. In our view, however, the single biggest advantage of these strategic partnerships is the power of our combined scientific expertise. Working together, sharing knowledge and capabilities and communicating consistently creates a team with a common goal, to accelerate the drug development process and discover new therapies for patients with unmet medical needs. The more we work together, the more firmly entrenched we become in our clients drug development processes and the more they can rely on us to provide the high quality scientific expertise that in the past was their exclusive capability. That is our ultimate goal and one towards which every employee at Charles River works every day. In conclusion, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work, commitment, and resilience and our shareholders for their support. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our financial performance let me remind you that Ill be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results from continuing operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP items can be found in our press release and on our website. As was the case in the first quarter, our second quarter performance demonstrates that we are continuing to make progress toward achievement of the four key initiatives to enhance shareholder value. First, the effective management of our cost structure led to a 240 basis point improvement in operating margin to 19.2% in the second quarter. We also returned value to shareholders through stock repurchases, which coupled with cost savings, generated 40% year-over-year EPS growth to $0.70 per share. Furthermore, we increased free cash flow by $11 million over the second quarter of last year to nearly $59 million through both improved operating margins and disciplined capital management. I will now address the drivers behind the outperformance in the second quarter. Previously, we commented that second quarter sales would be approximately flat on a sequential basis. We exceeded our estimate by approximately 1%, with nearly 3% growth in the RMS segment, offsetting a 2% sequential sales decline in the PCS segment. The $0.09 sequential EPS increase in the second quarter was also ahead of our prior outlook for flat to slightly lower EPS from $0.61 in the first quarter. As Jim indicated, the primary contributors to the sequential EPS expansion were operating margin improvement and stock repurchases. The consolidated operating margin improved by 120 basis points sequentially as a result of sales volume leverage in RMS. Our diluted average share count was nearly 3 million shares lower in the first quarter as a result of our accelerated stock repurchase programs or ASRs and the repurchase of additional shares on the open market. Our aggressive stock repurchases over the past year have allowed us to return value to shareholders because the lower share count generates greater upside for each incremental dollar that we are able to drive to the bottom line. With regard to non-operating items, unallocated corporate costs were $18.2 million in the second quarter, representing $1.7 million increase year-over-year and $0.4 million decline on a sequential basis. The most significant driver of both the year-over-year and sequential change was health and fringe-related costs which increased over the last year but declined from the first quarter level. Historically, health and fringe costs have been highest in the first quarter and have declined over the course of the year. Several other factors contributed to the variability in unallocated corporate costs. Wages and stock expenses were lower compared to the prior year, reflecting the reduction in corporate headcount as a result of the fourth quarter savings actions. This was partially offset by higher performance based bonus accruals related to our strong year-to-date results. We also incurred consulting fees in the second quarter for services including a program to further enhance process efficiency. We expect that the cumulative result of these items will yield unallocated corporate costs of approximately 6.5% of sales for the year, an increase over our prior expectations. We do not anticipate the second half favorability in these costs that we have experienced in prior years, principally due to additional consulting fees that we expect to incur. Net interest expense increased $0.4 million sequentially to $6.8 million, primarily reflecting a full quarter of the new $150 million term loan added in February to fund the ASR. For the year, we continue to expect net interest expense in a range of $26 million to $28 million as additional debt related to the February term loan is expected to be offset by the accelerated repayment of debt during the year. The non-GAAP tax rate declined 120 basis points sequentially and 260 basis points year-over-year to 25.1% in the second quarter of 2011. The lower tax rate was driven primarily by increased benefits associated with R&D tax credits in Canada. These benefits are expected to remain favorable for remainder of the year due to the geographic mix of clients in our Canadian business. We anticipate that this will result in a non-GAAP tax rate in a range of 25.5% to 26.5% or approximately 100 basis points lower than our prior outlook. Free cash flow remains an important initiative to enhance shareholder value. As a result of our strong operating performance, second quarter free cash flow increased to a robust $58.6 million, up $11 million over the last year and $45 million from the first quarter which is typically our weakest quarter for free cash flow. Based on year-to-date free cash flow of $73 million and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our outlook for free cash flow to $165 million to $175 million for 2011. We continue to expect CapEx, which was $6.7 million in the quarter, to total approximately $50 million for the year. DSOs remains relatively stable at 50 days compared to 49 days for the first quarter and 51 days for the second quarter of last year. Our capital priorities for the remainder of the year are unchanged. We continuously evaluate the best uses of cash and anticipate that we will allocate capital to debt repayment and stock repurchases as well as M&A which Jim discussed. Stock repurchases remain an integral part of how we return value to shareholders and also a benchmark to which we compare other capital allocation decisions, including M&A. We completed the $150 million ASR on May 16. Under the program we repurchased a total of 3.8 million shares most of which were delivered to us when the ASR was initiated in February. The final 6,500 shares were delivered at settlement. Following the completion of the ASR, we repurchased approximately 0.5 million shares under our 10b5-1 trading program in the second quarter for $20.5 million. That brings the total expanded under our stock repurchase authorization to $545 million since last August leaving approximately $205 million outstanding at the end of the second quarter for future repurchases. On our May conference call, I discussed our intention to allocate a greater proportion of cash to debt repayment. We accomplished this through the $65 million prepayment on our U.S. dollar-denominated term loan during the second quarter. This prepayment and our regularly schedule installments reduced our total debt by $71 million to $789 million at the end of the second quarter, or a leverage ratio of approximately three times. We also repaid 40.9 million or approximately $58 million on our euro-denominated term loan at the beginning of the third quarter. We were able to make this payment because at the beginning of the third quarter we restructured our international subsidiaries in a tax-free manner. This effectively consolidated our two major international holding companies into one, enabling more efficient access to offshore cash for requirements outside of the United States. We incurred advisory fees of approximately $1 million in the second quarter to facilitate the restructuring, which we have excluded from our non-GAAP results. As Jim discussed, we are raising our sales and EPS guidance for 2011. We now expect sales to be slightly higher than the $1.13 billion reported last year. At a range of $2.38 to $2.48, 2011 non-GAAP EPS would represent a 20% to 25% increase over 2010. The updated guidance reflects our strong first half performance, particularly in the RMS segment as well as favorable foreign exchange rates, which drove the increased sales guidance. FX is now expected to benefit sales by up to 2%. However, the FX benefit drops through to earnings at less than the margin rate due to the fact that we are naturally hedged in all locales except Canada. Therefore for the year, we expect the impact on earnings from foreign exchange to be in the range of $0.03 to $0.05 per share. This includes the second quarter when FX contributed approximately $0.03 per share to earnings. The high end of our EPS guidance range assumes stable trends across our businesses for the second half of the year and normal seasonality in the RMS segment, as well as the impact of the 53rd week in the fourth quarter of this year. The high end of our guidance range also assumes that the second half outlook for our PCS segment remains stable compared to the first half of the year. Our EPS guidance does imply lower earnings in the second half of the year. There are several contributing factors. The most significant driver is expected to be the RMS business where normal seasonality and the 53rd week have a significant impact on the RMS operating margin. We also expect to incur additional consulting fees in the second half of the year related to the process efficiency projects that I mentioned earlier. And our meaningfully lower share count magnifies the per-share impact of any operating income decline. Pressure on sales and earnings due to normal RMS seasonality in the second half of the year is consistent with the historical gating of our quarterly results. RMS seasonality relates to reduced shipments of small models during vacation and holiday periods in the third and fourth quarters. Given the fixed cost nature of the production business, a significant portion of this seasonal sales decline drops to operating income. This year, the addition of the 53rd week to true up to a December 31st year-end exacerbates the seasonal impact. Because it is the week between Christmas and New Year's, sales are light but costs are normal creating added margin pressure. Based on these factors, we believe second half RMS sales will be slightly below the first half and the RMS operating margin is expected to average at or slightly below 30%. This represents an approximate 200 basis point decline from the 31.9% operating margin reported in the first half and is expected to be the most significant driver behind the second half earnings headwinds. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be similar for each of the last two quarters of the year. To conclude, were pleased with another strong quarterly performance, which has enabled us to increase our guidance for 2011. We will continue with our initiatives to improve our operating efficiency and expand margins, generate increasing cash flow, and enhance shareholder value. Thank you.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments. Operator, would you please take questions now?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We have a question from the line of Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, the services businesses you highlighted in RMS, sounds like they're performing consistently and well. You called out, from a client standpoint, large pharma there positively and then contrastingly those are the same clients that seem to be the soft demand in toxicology. I was hoping you could perhaps compare and contrast your conversations with those clients in those respective areas. What is driving their stronger demand for some of the earlier stage stuff versus softer demand in toxicology?
Jim Foster: Im not sure its a fundamental difference, Dave. I think the clients by and large are rethinking whats core. Were having that conversation with virtually all of our clients, and things that they would never outsource historically, they are beginning to. Now, our discovery business is a relatively small business and relatively new one. And its an area that the large drug companies have never before even considered outsourcing. I think its directionally becoming an operational necessity for them and in certain instances we actually have a broader offering particularly in the In Vivo pharmacology area. So I think well begin to see that. But again, you have to just remember the base upon which were calculating the increase. And these same clients on the safety assessment side, the regulated tox side, we're seeing variability amongst those clients. I would say that directionally outsourcing is afoot. It depends on where the companies are structurally. It depends on what the pipelines look like. And given that we have a preponderance of our sales coming from the large drug companies, those that have been slow to get on would reduce the infrastructure and therefore have either kept their work in-house or have reduced their pipeline so dramatically that the work isnt flowing out as quickly as possible. But Id say that the basic notion that the work directionally will be done in much smaller amount internally is whats driving this whole paradigm shift. And I think that were seeing slightly better uptick in the discovery business only because of the sheer size of that business for us.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thanks. And a dovetail off of that, a follow-up to that. Im wondering in pre-clinical how your interactions with the mid-tier and smaller clients are developing. Are they changing their patterns at all?
Jim Foster: Yeah, we restructured our sales force at the end of 2009 to put more emphasis on the sort of mid-tier kind of small pharma mid-sized biotech clients. So, we've been spending more time with them. We've seen less significant declines in that business segment. They are obviously net outsourcers and that is a group that's reasonably well funded both by the capital markets and by big pharma money. Some of that money is going to stabilize their businesses and not outsource, but generally I think, as a group they will continue to outsource in significant amounts. But from a comparative point of view I think the sheer size of the pharma companies and the sheer size of the business that theyre doing in the pre-clinical segment and particularly that work thats still in-house and none of us have ever seen it, externally is  that's just a dramatically larger opportunity. So were obviously mindful about spending time in both segments with a greater emphasis in the mid-tier than we have over the past two years, but I think that directionally the pharma industry continues to be very important to us in terms of driving growth in the pre-clinical business.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Super, thank you. Ill step back in the queue.
Operator:  And we now have a question from the line of Eric Coldwell. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, good morning. Im curious if you could quickly touch on your exposure to government and academic accounts and talk about what youre seeing on that front following some of the negative reports out of the life sciences tools companies that have exposure to those customers. If you could just give us an update on where you stand and what youre seeing?
Jim Foster: Yeah, Eric, were doing well in the government and academic sector. Thats another area where we have re-emphasized our sales focus. We just simply have more people on the ground, particularly focusing on where most of the money is coming in from the NIH and other places. Our academic sales have been up, Id say, the last four years. Id say they are up a little bit less at the moment than they were a year ago, but they continue to be up versus other segments that we have, number one. Number two, a fair amount of our business is pursuant to large long-term government contracts. Weve got some new contracts this year as well. Thats a very good offset to whatever softness others are seeing in the government sector because once those contracts are locked in obviously we continue to get the revenue. And last thing I would say is, even in an area of  even in a space like this where there is some softness for others, research model purchases as a percentage of research study tend to be relatively trivial and we dont see that sort of softness I think that others see. Particularly people providing expensive pieces of equipment, for instance. So, we continue to do well in that sector and its remaining reasonably stable versus what others are seeing.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Yeah, thats in line with what I would have expected and it looked like more of the pressure was on high-end items. Could you just  and Im sorry if I missed this, could you just give us a current update on how government and academic stands up as a percent of total firm revenue?
Jim Foster: The last time we calculated it, I think it was about 22% worldwide. Its a bigger portion of, for instance European research model sales and always has been just because its a greater proportion of our client base. In the U.S., we have a fairly significant number of government contracts and thats increasing all the time. So, over the past few years thats increased on a percentage basis in a meaningful way, but again a great preponderance of what we do is not in the academic sector.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: And when you say 22% worldwide, is that for RMS specifically or is that firm total including ?
Jim Foster: No, its total but the great majority of it is in the research model space.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Quick follow-up for Tom. You gave us the FX impact on the top line which was similar to what we had expected. Could you give us the FX impact on the EBIT line, either for the firm or better for both of the divisions, if possible?
Tom Ackerman: Yeah, in the second quarter?
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Yes, sir.
Tom Ackerman: You meant, I suppose the full year. Yeah, the impact would be a couple of cents, plus or minus, Eric, in the second quarter.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Im sorry, when you say couple of cents plus or minus, $0.02 to the EPS, so we could just...
Tom Ackerman: Yes.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Back out to get to EBIT. Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair: Okay, thanks. Could you just expand a bit on the efficiency initiatives that you mentioned in your comments? Where are those focused in particular and how far along in the process are you?
Tom Ackerman: Yes  this is Tom, theyre focused across the board. So both of our business segments as well as corporate, and in addition to that were actually looking at revenue enhancements as well. And the revenue enhancements would be in the context of our existing business as opposed to adding new services as an example. Its essentially two plus phases. First phase is exploratory in terms of what areas we should be looking at, coming up with ideas and things like that and quantifying and validating those ideas. And then the second phase would be implementing those particular items that we have determined in Phase I make the most sense for us. When I say it could be two plus phases, there could be some items that given the amount of time or cost to implement we might do in a Phase III or following. So at this point in time were actually moving from Phase I to Phase II. So weve done a lot of groundwork already. Weve come up with a number of opportunities. Were creating teams and leaders and moving into the implementation phase which we expect would take anywhere from three to five months. So in terms of 2011, its possible well have some savings later on in the year. I mean I would actually hope so but I think that would be less than more and were not prepared at this point to provide a particular estimate. And then I think as we move into 2012, we would obviously expect more meaningful benefits, whether its top line and/or costs, moving into 2012. And so, I think well obviously provide continuing updates on that on our next quarterly call and at that time that wed provide guidance for 2012.
John Kreger - William Blair: Thats helpful.
Tom Ackerman: And I think its endemic in your question, but we are obviously using a third party to help us to do that as we mentioned with regards to the consulting expenses.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great, thanks. And a follow-up. Can you give us some sense about where you stand in terms of staff utilization, not facility but staff? And Im thinking as, when you do start to see some  and pick up across your two segments, can you give us a sense about how much additional revenue you could generate before you have to start thinking about increasing staffing levels?
Tom Ackerman: Well, increasing staffing levels is variable to, of course, increased work, and I think it cuts across different levels of the organization. So as we increase work in pre-clinical, at the nearer term we would be adding more direct labor, technician-type people. And of course as the revenue continues to expand, ultimately we would be adding supervisors, managers and at some point, additional study directors and things like that. So, in the near term what we generally say is, with a smaller increase in revenue, lets say up to 3%, we would probably see a flow through of 50% in margin because we would be adding some technician-level staff. Obviously some variable costs including animal costs and things like that. And then as we get beyond that, depending on the type of study, the slope of the ramp, we would be adding additional people and additional support services that would diminish the flow-through of the margin impact.
John Kreger - William Blair: All right, great. Thats very helpful. And then one last question, within RMS what are you seeing competitively and what sort of price increases are holding in the market?
Jim Foster: Our prices are holding up very nicely on a worldwide basis. Weve had very little pushback and very good adoption across the world. Weve had some intermittent aggressive pricing by several of our smaller competitors. We tend not to respond in kind because we believe that the quality and the value that we put into the process deserves a premium, which while small than it used to be, is still there. So most of our clients, particularly our large ones, are very interested in quality and consistency of supply and scientific input and oversight and the knowledge that the studies wont be interrupted once they start with a particular species or strain. So our price increases we feel have always been appropriate and rational given the amount of investment we make in infrastructure and clients seem to agree with that.
John Kreger - William Blair: And could you give us a blended average that youre using for this year?
Jim Foster: Were probably at 3%, maybe a little higher.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Hi, this is Andy Schenker in for Ricky. How are you guys doing? Just real quick, last quarter you guys called out some discrete items, which helped your PCS margins. I was wondering if you may be able to quantify kind of what the negative impacts from those were in the second quarter sequentially.
Tom Ackerman: Yes, while we called those out, they werent particularly meaningful. I would say the benefit of what we saw in Q1 from those items was less than $0.01 essentially overall. So, while we didnt have those recur, that would I think answer your question.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. No, that does. And then kind of following up on that, I think last quarter you guys had suggested that operating margins for PCS for the full year would be above first quarter levels. I just wanted to make sure you guys are  that's still the case.
Jim Foster: Yeah, what we said on the call was that we expected PCS to be similar for the second half of the year as the first half of the year. So, we really see trends sort of maintaining where they are in the first and second quarter, which was of course similar in margin to the first quarter, and of course the revenue was fairly similar as well. So, we dont see a lot of change at this point in time for the second half versus the first half in PCS.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so on a revenue and a margin basis standpoint.
Jim Foster: Right.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: And then just finally, just what kind of your thoughts on maybe the market share. Do you guys think you will maintain your market share right now in the pre-clinical segment or do you think there is some chance that due to your mix you might be dropping a little bit?
Jim Foster: Were confident that were maintaining share in the pre-clinical business. I think our client base is stable. We continue to do a solid job with our current pharma clients and some new ones. And as I said earlier, weve had a major emphasis in the mid-tier now for about 2.5 year or so. The big clients tend to, want to place studies with the largest providers in this field and it's important to them as they make these outsourcing decisions that quality of the work is done in similar fashions that they could do it internally. So, weve been able to hold on to them and enhance our relationships with them.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just following up on that. In the past you guys have noted that your large pharma clients were doing a lot more of their business in-house because they have the spare capacity. Have they moved forward towards rationalizing that capacity or is future growth dependent on them kind of growing demand?
Jim Foster: I think thats really the fundamental growth issue for us and I think everybody in this field, is the amount and rate of work thats currently being done internally by the drug company, how much of that will be outsourced. And we are definitely seeing some clients get on with that by closing facilities and/or not using them. We have other clients that were in conversations with who are at least indicating that thats going to happen. We have other clients that have indicated its going to happen but they havent reduced their headcount sufficiently, and for union reasons or whatever, keep headcount at certain levels, and therefore keep the work in-house. And some clients, even knowing that the costs are higher, will utilize internal capacity until they make a decision to eliminate or reduce it. I think, directionally, given what were seeing from the largest companies, both in terms of what they tell us and what theyre doing, its inevitable that others will follow. And as weve said historically, we think that the sort of 40% thats currently outsourced could get to 70% or 75%. Given the rationalization of the pipeline, the primary driver of that is going to be reduction in infrastructure and I think that's  we have to look to our clients and not really to our competitors for how and where thats going to happen. So, we do think its continuing. We do think its a timing issue. And all we can do is be available and develop a strong scientific relationship with these clients and then when they make those decisions, have the capacity to do the work for them.
Andy Schenker - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning. Jim, wondering if you can just talk to any color on that study mix, short-term versus long-term and any dynamics around study starts, slippage, some of these other metrics.
Jim Foster: You know there continues to be sort of a normal amount of slippage but there certainly is some and there is some modest amount of cancellations. I think thats probably and always, always and that's a direct result of drugs not making it, not being able to be formulated and changes in therapeutic area of focus and infrastructure. Were still seeing a high number of short-term studies versus what we saw a couple of years ago. So there is some more churn in the business model and thats a continuation I think of what weve talked to the last several quarters. So its not brand new but seems to be a paradigm that we are in now. So we have a disproportionate amount of short-term studies and general toxicology work. While thats okay from a capacity utilization point of view, its not the best from a margin enhancement point of view, certainly versus specialty work which we had much more of. And this is a manifestation of budgetary constraints. It's a manifestation of the quality of the drugs that are in the pipeline. Its a manifestation of how much is still early on for these companies and theyre just not going to do the more expensive longer-term studies until the drugs move further through the clinical trial process. So, its unclear when, if or when, I guess therell be a fundamental shift in short versus long-term work. Although one would expect that in time we would see more long-term studies than we are seeing at the moment.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: And then with regards to kind of managing customers through your own restructuring. Has that been a pretty seamless process and can you comment on kind of the willingness of customers to be geographic, open to geographic locations?
Jim Foster: Yeah. Its been a much more efficient process than I think we would have originally thought. The direct result, for instance of closing Shrewsbury was that most of the clients that were there  by the way weve retained most of them, but most of the clients who were there went off and qualified multiple sites of ours. Were also seeing more and more of that by clients that have stayed with us, maybe primarily in one site, that there is a lot more auditing going on in multiple sites of ours and were seeing clients be comfortable with utilizing capacity that we have, thats available. Capacity that they are either comfortable with or geographically is important to them or they just simply like the mix of work. And so, I would say that most of the clients now have qualified and are utilizing on multiple sites. Thats obviously very beneficial for us in terms of managing our infrastructure but also gives them the flexibility of not having to wait for long periods of time as the space continues to fill. So I'd say that that's a trend that were seeing by large and small clients.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: And then just a point of clarification. Your comments on Japan. I mean is the idea that this is kind of a transitory issue and things are going to recover in the back half of the year? I wasnt quite sure what the take away there was.
Jim Foster: The takeaway was that the impact was less significant than we thought it would be in the second quarter. And that we think things have stabilized there for the balance of the year in terms of our ability to produce product and the clients ability to take it.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then last one, Tom, I think you had mentioned M&A in one of your comments. Just talk to your appetite for rather new geographic additions or new capabilities.
Jim Foster: Yes, this is Jim. Were very specifically looking at small strategic deals, and I would call them technology deals. So were either acquiring an operating company that has some scientific capability that we dont have that our clients want. Or were literally acquiring a technology that we think we need to strengthen our current portfolio or add to something that were currently doing that we want to do more of. These deals are principally research model related. Theyre pharmacology, discovery, as I said they're specific technology related. I would say that theyre all virtually upstream. A couple of things are geographically based, they could be geographically based and technology based, by the way. And we are being and well be very rigorous in terms of the financial stream that we put these things through. But in enhancing and expanding the portfolio, its critical to our clients and we get a lot of our ideas for what services we are to be adding simply through request by our clients. And we also get some specific ideas for acquisitions with regard to companies that our clients have worked with, who think that they might be more comfortable if they were part of a larger company like Charles River.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Great, thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Next questions comes from Douglas Tsao with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. So, Jim, I was just hoping you could provide a little color on what the trends have been relative to the backlog in the PCS business over the last six to nine months?
Jim Foster: I would say that there is some variability in the backlog. Over the last six to nine months its been sort of stable to slightly down. And I suppose that that sort of jives with the overall demand that were having, the nature of the demand and the sort of mix between large clients and small ones. So, the predictability of demand continues to be complex, as is the visibility. I mean our visibility is only as good as what our clients were able to tell us. And were still encountering a reasonable amount of churn from them in terms of continuing to rationalize their infrastructure. So let's say stable to slightly down.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then in terms of your comments regarding acquisitions and largely focused on drug discovery, should we interpret that as commentary from your clients indicating that that is the area in which they are more likely to outsource in the near term? Or you are having  perhaps a better way to say this  that youre having the most constructive conversations with clients regarding outsourcing opportunities.
Jim Foster: I wouldn't say that they are more focused on discovery than safety assessments, if thats what youre inferring. I think that its a continuing dialog with them about what theyre comfortable outsourcing as opposed to keeping inside. Discovery is new for them and theyre not going to be comfortable outsourcing and tell companies like us to have the scientific capability to do the work. Weve made some small acquisitions  and to many of our service areas, of course, weve invested in organically. And the specific recommendations come from the fact that theyre finding very small, very high quality but very small companies to do this work for them and theyre very uncomfortable if theyre going to stay in business, or that theyll have the sort of regulatory rigor and financial staying power that are essential to them. So, its more about just making sure that we have the capability to do the work for them as they move away from that. So, I wouldnt say that they are emphasizing discovery over safety assessment. I would just say that discovery I think is a new and growing opportunity for companies like ours. I think we indicated a couple of years ago that its a $4 billion or $5 billion market opportunity and thats just simply with respect to the areas in which we are currently engaged. The whole area of In Vivo pharmacology is important. I think therapeutic area expansion for us will be important in that domain and perhaps geographic expansion as well. And of course we can do some of that ourselves but probably its best to do that through small high quality acquisitions where you are acquiring some very good science and some marquee scientists to go with the business.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  We have a question from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the questions. Just on PCS, Jim, you referenced the decline in the back half of 2010 from specialty tox. I was wondering if you could remind us what drove that. And then more importantly, how has specialty tox been trending thus far this year?
Jim Foster: So, the driver to the specialty tox decline which has probably been going on for even longer than that is a  its a budgetary issue I would say. And were seeing clients do two things. Were seeing clients spend a lot of time early on the drug development process, chilling drugs as early as possible when they think they have a very small probability of success. And unlike, lets say, 2007 and 08, where they were doing a lot of very expensive studies, early in the clinical trial process, is simply waiting now, and that's likely not to change. So, theyre waiting as long as possible to  when they think the drug has a really high probability of being approved or at least getting through Phase III. And I would say that thats the principal driver. Its important to still be able to offer those services because once they have a compound, lets say in Phase III trials they are willing to spend the money and its an area thats somewhat less price sensitive because of the essential nature of moving those drugs forward and the fact that they think they have a chance of making it to the market. So, we still like our footprint in specialty work. It is a competitive, more of a competitive place and the clients are waiting longer to do the work. But we have several areas where we continue to distinguish ourselves not just competitively but with our clients as well.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: And then just one quick follow-up for Tom. I just wanted to clarify, the new expectation around the unallocated corporate expenses is now 6.5% of sales. That was off of 6% previously.
Tom Ackerman: Correct.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then lastly, guys, is there any update on the Phase I sales process?
Tom Ackerman: We disclosed that we have sold that business in Q1 and the residual is now being reported in discontinued operations.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks for the questions.
Operator:  We now have a question from the line of James Kumpel with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey Tom, can you just help us understand  you took the free cash flow number guidance higher, which is great. And you basically guided that the second half earnings are going to be down. Can you give us some of the drivers in the second half of the year that are going to help accelerate free cash flow?
Tom Ackerman: Of course, were doing a little bit better in the first half of the year. We do typically do better in the second half. I dont want to call it seasonality, but first quarter tends to be historically our weakest quarter. A lot of thats due to residual CapEx carryover and things like that. And of course, weve outperformed, as I said, so far to date and earnings continues to be good and better than expectation. So I think its a lot of those factors. Im not sure that I would add anything else to that. The tax rate continues to be favorable as we said.
James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess my point is is that obviously you outperformed on earnings expectations, but you did $73 million in free cash flow in the first half. At the low end you will do another $92 million. At the high end youll do $102 million in the second half of the year free cash flow. While your EPS guidance is maybe $1.08 to $1.17 or something along those lines, in the second half of the year compared to the $1.31 in the first half. So is it that your receivables collections are going to be better, your CapEx is going to be lower? That was kind of what I was getting at.
Tom Ackerman: Well, were looking for receivables to be slightly better, but not significantly. If you look at the numbers year-over-year as well, youll see that, of course, earnings have been increased year-over-year. And as I said earlier, from a seasonal expectation we typically do better in the second half. Some of those things that you pointed out as well as operating margin and things like that.
James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And on the 53rd week issue, you highlighted how it impacted RMS. Can you talk about its impact on PCS? I would assume its less pronounced, but is it the same general drivers of slack demand but maintenance costs that you have to keep?
Tom Ackerman: It would be similar. I would say that it would be a little bit different. And one of the things that we don't know, as an example, is a lot of clients won't start studies in those periods. And since a lot more studies are shorter term in duration, we do expect that we will be impacted and well see the same similar trend as RMS. What we dont know at this particular point in time is how many studies will be held up in that particular period. Obviously, longer term studies, for instance, that would run through that period wont be impacted because theyll have a start date before the end of the year and, let's say, an end date Q1 or Q2, as an example, those will essentially just continue to be worked on during that particular timeframe. So, the variability is about the studies that might come to completion before then, and then clients that have studies that will start at or around that period, which would just say, I prefer to have my study start in January rather than the week of Christmas or the week of New Year's, as an example. So, well definitely be impacted like RMS. I suspect the impact would be a little bit less than RMS, but as I said its a little bit less predictable based on the shorter-term studies in nature. And were still a good distance away from that. So, we dont have all our schedules build out at this particular point in time in terms of study starts and stops in and around that period of time.
James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets: And then, Jim, just lastly, can you just touch on biotech? Obviously their funding levels have been improving a lot from the baseline of 2008. And since you touched on mid-tier pharma as a priority and a point of emphasis, where does biotech stack up? And what are you guys doing with that segment?
Jim Foster: We use the term mid-tier to describe small pharma, but principally biotech. So, the mid-tier comments are intended to encapsulate that. So, were focusing more on them, lots of meetings with management leaderships, CEOs and heads of R&D. Working to have more comprehensive relationships with them, contractual relationships across our whole portfolio. I think we continue to make very good progress there, but theyve always been a  particularly lately in the pre-clinical business, theyve always been a big part of what we do. Principally since those clients have no internal capacity. So, they will continue to be a focus for us.
James Kumpel - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thank you, very much.
Operator:  We have time for one more question from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Andersen - Deutsche Bank: Hi. This is Elizabeth Andersen in for Ross Muken. I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on your relationship with some of the large customers without  obviously without giving any specifics and sort of how that's given you more visibility into the PCS business. Thanks.
Jim Foster: The color is that weve been spending the last two or three years developing much more senior relationships with our clients, multiple senior relationships and we think that's bearing fruit. We are talking to them about larger purchasing relationships across the whole portfolio. Were seeing multiple contractual relationships with clients to do that. Were staying close to them as they make decisions to take infrastructure out and outsource additional amounts of work and give them the assurance that we will be able to manage that outsourcing for them and are trying to provide incentives for them to do that sooner. And to the extent that they are not ready, just to have them know that we have the capacity and the capability to do it. So I would say in short that we know our clients much better. They have a greater understanding of our capability, our resources, our flexibility, our responsiveness, our IT interface, etcetera. And I think were top of mind for them as they make decisions about outsourcing, particularly their regulated work.
Elizabeth Andersen - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks.
Operator:  And at this time there are no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Susan Hardy: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call. Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP, IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Sandy Draper - Raymond James Doug Schenkel - Cohen and Company Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Natalie Nadler - William Blair Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 earnings and 2010 guidance conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a questions-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Susan Hardy, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' 2009 earnings and 2010 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our fourth quarter and full year results and review guidance for 2010. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 143476. The replay will be available through February 23rd; you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. Id like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 23rd, 2009, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. Id like to begin by reviewing the 09 results and will then discuss our outlook for 2010 with you. We reported of $295.4 million for the fourth quarter of 09, a decrease of 5.2% over the fourth quarter of 08, including a 3.8% positive impact from foreign exchange.  Research Models and Services or RMS reported a strong quarter increasing 10.9% to $169.4 million. Preclinical Services or PCS reported net sales of $125.9 million, which was down 20.6% from the fourth quarter of 08 that came in slightly higher than anticipated. This better than expected performance improves our level of confidence that market has stabilized and based on strong preclinical bookings for the first quarter of 2010 and early positive indication for the second, we believe we are starting to see our clients reinvigorate their late discovery and early development efforts.  Operating income for the quarter was $48.9 million and the operating margin was 16.5% compared to 19% reported in the fourth quarter of 08. The operating margin decrease was primarily the result of lower sales mitigated in part by stringent control of operating costs.  Earnings per diluted share were $0.49 in the fourth quarter compared to $0.59 in the fourth quarter of08. Fourth quarter of 09 tapped a challenging year in which a confluence of events, including the economy significant consolidations from the Pharma and biotech space lack of availability of funding for biotech companies and uncertainty surrounding healthcare reform drove our clients to reduce their spending on our products and services and for toxicology in particular. This reduction led to excess capacity throughout the CRO industry, which in turn resulted in pricing pressure.  Recognizing that these issues would take some time to resolve and that the biopharmaceutical industry would be fundamentally changed as it emerged from this space we decide to use this spear to strengthen our infrastructure and keep our financial base strong. Towards that end we implemented a number of cost savings and efficiency initiatives and made strategic acquisitions that were intended to enhance our operations and our ability to support clients more effectively. In terms of efficiency, we closed or disposed a smaller less efficient site, including PCS Arkansas and our Phase 1 facility in Scotland, as well as two RMS sites in Hungary and Belgium.  We reduced headcount by approximately a 1000 people primarily in the PCS segment, including our recent decision to suspend operations at our PCS Massachusetts site. We expect this leaner infrastructure to improve our operating margins without compromising our ability to accommodate future demand for preclinical services. While evaluating our preclinical infrastructure we considered a number of asset transfer opportunities, but chose not to pursue any of them. Given the availability of capacity for outsourced preclinical services and fact that those assets were older and less efficient than our purpose-built facility, we believe its a better choice for our clients to close or repurpose those facilities and outsource the work. The decisions remain to seen, but our discussions with senior managements of our clients on this subject suggest that the outcome will be an increase in outsource. Second, we implemented an organizational restructuring our PCS business to create a dual accountability structure with both global functional teams and site level management. This new structure centralizes and integrates our global PCS portfolio and unites expertise from various facility to support our client program. Regardless of the specific site at which the program was initiated. The structure allows the PCS organization to easily share information index best practices globally, standardized operations and improve efficiencies. Most importantly, it facilitates our customers ability to take advantage of the exceptional and consistent service at all level and across all Charles River sites worldwide. Third, we realigned our enterprise wide sales team, fully implementing the changes at the beginning of 2010. Our goal is to enhance our client center culture to the establishment of three-pronged sales organization, which provides more comprehensive coverage of all market segments. Weve created sales teams dedicated to each of the following key client constituencies, global pharmaceutical companies, small and mid-sized bio pharmaceutical companies, and academic and government customers. This structure enhances our ability to meet customer need by offering customized, tailored solution across our entire portfolio. In addition, our mid-market pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients will benefit by additional support from a combination of account managers with broad portfolio knowledge and specialist with specific scientific expertise. The new structure also provides additional coverage of the academic and government and sector, one which offers us growth opportunities both from market share gains, as well as stimulus funds. We just completed our international sales meeting in late January at which we provided extensive training and strategy session. Attended 200 sales and marketed professionals from 20 countries, our sales force is now very well prepared to sell the totality of our portfolio. Fourth, we focused on internal process improvement initiatives. Weve continued to invest in our information technology system in order to better serve our customers, harmonize our data and streamline our processes. Im very pleased to report that we have successfully completed the rollout of our ERP system in the United States at the beginning of this fiscal year. This achievement was due to the outstanding efforts of our ERP team and all of the domestic business units who worked long hours to ensure that the implementation would be a success. Our lean Six Sigma program has continued to ramp up with more than 100 projects currently underway and more in the pipeline. We're looking at this program as the method by which to drive operating efficiencies, which we believe will position us to offer our clients enhanced services at a lower cost. In the absence of significant pricing power, we will rely on improved operating efficiency in order to drive profitability. We achieved modest cost reductions in 09 and expect more significant benefits in 2010. Finally, we have continued to make strategic acquisitions that expand the breadth of services we can offer our clients. Specifically, the acquisition of Piedmont made us a leading provider of discovery services for oncology and with the addition of Cerebricon; we established a strong foothold in this therapeutic area with CNS. We also acquired Systems Pathology Company of SPC. As you know, SPC is developing unique software technology designed to increase the efficiency of pathologists by automated sample processing. We believe this software is highly innovated technology, which will reinforce our position as a market leader in toxicological pathology. As the results of all of these initiatives, we are emerging from this period as the leaner, stronger company with a broader portfolio aimed at supporting our clients drug development efforts from discovery to first-in-human testing. Before reviewing our outlook for 2010, I'd like to briefly summarize this business segment performance. Sales for our RMS segment rose 10.9% in the fourth quarter to $169.4 million. This better than expected result was driven primarily by higher sales of research models. We saw growth in all geographic locales; North America, Europe and Japan. As you know, the fourth quarter is usually seasonally weak, as researches temporarily reduce or suspend orders during the holidays. Although we did see this pattern, it was less pronounced than usual. Sales-to-academic clients rose the growth and this was without the benefit of stimulus funds, which we believe will have more impact for us in 2010. Sales for the service businesses increased in the quarter driven by the acquisitions of Piedmont and Cerebricon. On an organic basis, sales were relatively consistent with the fourth quarter of 08. In fact throughout 09 demand for Research Models and Services has been relatively stable. We believe this was the case because early research was less affected by market factors and was the case for toxicology services. This promises was supported by the fact that sale of (inaudible) which we use more heavily in early research was stronger than out-bred rats which was the model of choice for toxicology. Our In Vitro business derived strong growth in the quarter due primarily to sales of the PCS product and the new multi-cartridge reader or MCS. This business continues to perform exceptionally well with an increasing number of PCS units deployed in the field and sales of the cartridges increasing. We continue to take market share with this exceptional product line largely because of the competitive differentiation between this product and other companys endotoxin testing methods currently on the market. This leading edge product is portable, produces accurate results in a fraction of the time required by other methods and is ideally suited for both and small drug manufacturers. We believe that PCS will continue to deliver strong growth for some time to come. The RMS operating margin increased 280 basis points to 30.1% compared to 27.3% in the fourth quarter of 08. The improvement was due primarily to high sales of Research Models and improved margins with Services businesses as well as effective cost controls. Our RMS franchise is the market leading provider to Research Models and Services which support their user in research. Research Models are essentially for the drug discovery development process. A stability of demand is evident in the performance of the RMS segment in 09. Although our client significantly reduced the use of outsourced Preclinical Services as they grappled with the challenges from patent expirations to the economy, they continued to o purchase Research Models and to utilize our scientific expertise and capacity for the early development needs. Importance of this business that it establishes our relations with the clients early in the drug development cycle and stays with them through post approval. With exceptional operating margins and strong free cash flow generation, the RMS business provides a stable base to Charles River. We intend to continue to expand our RMS portfolio strategically with acquisitions such as Piedmont and Cerebricon, adding products and services which enhanced our ability to support our clients drug discovery and development efforts. The PCS segment reported sales of $125.9 million in the fourth quarter a decline of 20.6%, including a positive effect of foreign exchange and a revenue loss from the divestiture of the Phase I clinic in Scotland. PCS trends did not change significantly over the last half of the year, when inquiry increased and pricing stabilized, there were less specialty toxicology in the mix and clients were hesitant to commit. Pricing has continued to be a significant factor in the sales decline, as studies initiated at 08 prices were completed and replaced by studies at significantly lower prices. However, in selected instances we have been able to increase prices to general toxicology. Capacity utilization continued well below optimal levels and combined with pricing and sales mix translated to a margin of 10.5% compared to 18.2% in the fourth of 08 and 13.8% in the third quarter of 09. With the suspension of operations at PCS Massachusetts, and a transition of the majority of the clients to other facility, we are already experiencing improvement in capacity utilization. We expect that the actions we have taken to streamline the PCS business, including a reorganization, infrastructure rationalization and lean Six Sigma initiatives will position us to support our clients to the current market environment and improve the profitability of this segment as demand improve. Although visibility remains somewhat limited, there are a number of factors, which reinforce our belief that there will be a pickup in demand in Preclinical Services beginning in the second quarter of 2010, the stability of the fourth quarter of 09 and our expectation for comparable first quarter of 2010. Stronger inquiry levels coming in the first quarter, attaches the majority of our first quarter sales were already booked to backlog as our substantial portion of second quarter sales. And inputs from senior research executive at most of the major pharmaceutical companies indicate an improving environment. We expect demand will ramp slowly as our clients refocus their attention on the early development portion of the drug development pipeline. Ultimately the limited growth in R&D dollars and pressure to improve their productively we believe that biopharmaceutical companies will continue to embrace strategic outsourcing as a means by which to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the drug development efforts preferring to use our infrastructure rather than invest in their own. Increased outsourcing will benefit both RMS and PCS so in the long term we believe our consolidated sales growth rate will reach low double digit levels. At this point however, we view 2010 as the year of slow but steady recovery. We expect sales growth for Charles River to be in the low single digit, reflecting growth in RMS and flat sales for PCS.  The majority of the business units within RMS expects higher sales for 2010 in part due to an average 2% price increase and the slight to negative impact we are anticipating from pharma mergers. We expect that PCS operating margin to improve as a result of operating leverage from the many initiatives we implemented and from improved capacity utilization. We also expect that RMS margin will hold at the 09 level which as you know was nearly 31%. Corporate accounts will increase to a range of 5.5% to 6% of sales resulting in a consolidated margins flat to moderately lower than 09. Taking all of these factors into account we estimate 2010 earnings per share in the range of $2.20 to $2.40. Tom will give you more detail about this guidance in a moment. We are anticipating free cash flow in the range of $130 million to $150 million in 2010, reflecting higher operating cash flow and lower capital spending. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $50 million to $70 million, which will be primarily for maintenance project. Our scheduled debt repayment obligations are limited so we are likely to deploy cash for strategic acquisition and are considering stock repurchases. In summary, while we were not satisfied with the results we posted in 09, taking as a whole and considering the difficult operating environment, we believe well weather the storm well. We know we are entering 2010 as a stronger and leaner company and one that is well positioned for leverage improving demand. We continue to believe that as the efforts of major pharma mergers, the economy, and uncertainties surrounding the administrations healthcare policy (inaudible), we will experience renewed demand for our broad portfolio of essential products and services. We are confident in this belief because our clients are challenging themselves to improve the productivity of their pipeline at the same time they improve their operating efficiency with the goal of reducing the cost of drug development. We believe that recent reductions in force accounted by many of the big pharmas will promote outsourcing. Having forgone the cost associated with maintaining in-house capabilities, they will opt to use our extensive scientific expertise and efficient facility.  Our discussions with clients continue to reinforce their desire to increase strategic outsourcing and based on our deep expertise in in vivo biology, global network of facilities and focus clients support to do so with Charles River. During this complex and challenging economic times, I particularly want to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their continuing support. Now Ill turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman: First, let me remind you that I will speak primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude acquisition related amortization, charges related to cost savings, actions, convertible debt accounting and other items. This morning I will focus my discussion primarily on our 2010 financial guidance. For 2010, we expect sales to grow in the low single digits and non-GAAP EPS to be in range of $2.20 to $2.40. The increase in sales and the benefits from cost savings actions and efficiency programs will be offset by cost headwinds associated with the implementation of our new ERP systems and incentive compensations. In total, these two items are expected to increase cost by approximately $0.35 per share in 2010. Minor changes to below the line items in 2010 such as the expected tax rate, interest expense and other income arte not expected to have a meaningful impact. We also do not expect any significant changes in our share count for 2010. Ill discuss many of these items in more details shortly. Foreign exchange reduced sales growth by 2.3% in 2009 which generated a 3.8% benefit during the fourth quarter as we anniversary the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. As we look ahead to 2010, foreign exchange is expected to have a less meaningful impact based on current rates. Foreign exchange is expected to benefit first quarter sales by a similar rate as the fourth quarter, but we expect foreign exchange to average just the 1% benefit to sales growth for full year.  However, foreign exchange is expected to reduce operating income by $1 million to $2 million in 2010 due to the effect of the Canadian dollar exchange rates on our PCS Montral facility. You may recall that approximately half of PCS Montral sales are invoiced in U.S. dollars, while nearly all of the costs are incurred in Canadian dollars. Unallocated corporate cost totaled $57.3 million or 4.8% sales in 2009, which was inline with the level indicated on our third quarter call. For 2010, we expect unallocated corporate cost in the range of 5.5% to 6% of sales. The anticipated increase over 2009 as primarily related to ERP cost and incentive compensation expenses. Our new ERP system was rolled out to all U.S. sites in late December to begin the new fiscal year. The implementation has been successful today and I would like to thank the many employees across the U.S. for their hard work particularly around the holidays to help ensure a smooth transition to the new ERP system. We plan to move ahead with the second phase of our ERP rollout plan and go live with the system in Canada and Scotland at mid-year. Total ERP cost were expected to be $17 million to $18 million in 2010 which approximately $12 million to $13 million would be in incremental over 2009. Approximately $2 million to $3 million of the 2010 cost relates to the implementation and remediation cost, that will be weighted towards the first half of the year. While we expect some operational benefits from the ERP system in 2010; we do not expect more substantial savings until 2011.  Net interest expense of $9 million in 2009 was inline with expectations. We dont anticipate any significant changes in average debt levels or interest rates for 2010 and therefore, I expect non-GAAP net interest expense to be in range of $9 million to $10 million in 2010. We continue to exclude non-cash in credit expense related to the convertible debt accounting change from our non-GAAP results. Other income was $2.1 million in 2009. This was primarily driven by investment games associated with our deferred compensation plan. Consistent with our historical practice, we have not budgeted for other income in 2010, since gains or losses on these investments correlated with market returns and are unpredictable.  Non-GAAP tax rate was 29.2% in 2009; in 2010 we expect the tax rate to decrease to a range of 28% to 29% as a result of more favorable range mix and lower and benefited tax losses. As you know, in January we announce plans to suspend at our operations at our PCS-Massachusetts. The action is expected to reduce our PCS cost structure by $20 million in 2010 and $25 million on an annualized basis. We expect to complete all contracted studies surely by mid-year and transition the majority of clients to other PCS locations. As a result of the PCS-Massachusetts action, we expect to incur several charges that will be excluded from non-GAAP results. In the fourth quarter of 2009, we required a $700,000 charge related to the anticipated reduction in certain tax benefits associated with the PCS Massachusetts. In 2010, we expect to incur a severance cost and other charges or approximately $6 million predominately in the first half of the year. We also plan to exclude operating losses at PCS-Massachusetts, in the first half of 2010 as we wind down our operations as well as strained cost thereafter associated with holding the higher facility. Most of which is non-cash depreciation expense. These items are expected to total approximately $13 million to $14 million in 2010.  We have also completed the asset impairment test in the PCS-Massachusetts facility and do not expect to incur any charges at this time. Ill now provide an update on our cash flow and capital structure. In 2009, we generated free cash flow of $39 million including a strong fourth quarter performance of approximately $47 million. In 2010, we expect free cash flow to be in a range of $130 million to $150 million. Capital expenditures were $80 million in 2009 and are anticipated to be $60 million to $70 million in 2010 almost entirely for maintenance projects. Depreciation is expected to increase to approximately 73 million in 2010, during depreciation from PCS-Massachusetts. This represents an increase from 65 million in 2009 primarily related to the new ERP system. This years amortization expense is forecast to remain essentially flat from the 2009 level of 28.4 million. We expect our capital requirements to remain low for at least the next two years given the availability of capacity within our PCS network and future expansion options that require little capital investment. As a result, our capital priorities for the significant free cash flow generated within 2010 remain consistent with our historical objectives. As Jim noted, we intend to use our excess funds to enhance shareholder value and are likely to avoid cash for strategic acquisitions and will consider resuming start repurchases. Given our strong cash flow generation and relatively low debt balances, we have maintained a solid, yet conservative capital structure that allows us to weather the difficult economical environment over the last 18 months. Our total capitalization stood at approximately 1.9 billion at the end of 2009. Total debt outstanding was 541 million or 1.9 times non-GAAP EBITDA. In January, we were able to extend the exploration of our $50 million term loan facility to coincide with the maturity of our larger facility in July 2011. The term loan facility which has an outstanding balance of $44 million would have expired in June 2010. Cash and equivalence including short and long term marketable securities were $255 million at the end of 2009, which represents a $40 million increase in the third quarter. DSO remains relatively stable and within our target range of 43 days compared to 45 days at the end of the third quarter and 40 days at the end of 2008. In 2010, RMS sales were expected to benefit from a 2% average price increase, as well as a modest volume improvement driven in part, by NIH stimulus funding and increased demands for models used in toxicology. We have [factored] there is some disruption in RMS sales from anticipated R&D facility closures in the pharmaceutical industry. Our guidance also assumes a gradual improvement in preclinical demand beginning in the second quarter of 2010, as projects move forward once clients finalize their budgets and merger integrations near completion. We have taken significant action in 2009 and in January of this year to better align our cost structure with current demand levels. These actions were focused on our preclinical business and are expected to contribute to the PCS margin improvement in 2010. Benefit from these anticipated sales improvements and cost savings is expected to be further supplemented by more meaningful savings from lean Six Sigma and other efficiency programs as these initiatives gain momentum throughout the year. However, these EPS contributions will be offset by meaningful cost headwinds, the most significant of which the $0.35 related to the ERP project incentive compensation cost. The range will also be pressured by dilution from the acquisitions of SPC, which is currently in the development phase, as well as the small operating loss from FX and normal unit cost increases, including the resumption of merit based pay increases.  Based on the timing of these factors we expect first quarter sales and second margins to be relatively stable compared to fourth quarter levels and EPS to be approximately 10% below fourth quarter EPS of $0.49 due to the ERP and incentive compensation cost headwinds. We have emerged from a very challenging year in 2009 with a leaner more efficient infrastructure through implementation of initiates that were structured to enhance our operational efficiency and deliver benefits for years to come. While we view 2010 as a year of recovery, we are pleased to have built a solid foundation that is poised to generate even greater profitability as demand returns to growth levels.
Susan Hardy: That concludes our comments, operator, would you please take questions now?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Greg Bolan with Wells Fargo.
Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo: Jim or Tom, assuming the PCS cost structure has been right sized and obviously incremental resources would need to be added to facilitate a substantial improvement in study volumes, but what is your goal for sustainable PCS operating margins in the future?
Jim Foster: Our goal for many years was 25% and aspirationally thats still the goal that we have. Obviously we've operated below that, but we have operations that are performing above 20%. So I'd say as for the short-to-medium term goal is to get back to above 20% level and we certainly think that given the rightsizing of our infrastructure, add capacity sales and to get more pricing capability that will be able to achieve those goals.
Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo: Tom, for the fourth quarter we were modeling about 4% revenue contribution from Piedmont and Cerebricon, does that sound about right?
Tom Ackerman:  Thats a little bit on the higher side, I would say Greg. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Little twist on Gregs question, if we think about a trajectory of revenue in PCS and your staffing changes there, I guess what Im looking for is, how much revenue your PCS business can add before you need to start adding staff to execute those studies, I presume you have some slack capacity including staffing?
Jim Foster: Obviously, we cant quantify that exactly for you Dave, but sufficed to say that we have some slack capability now, so we will be able to take on some additional business at the current staffing levels. Obviously we have a significant amount of capacity, so stake is not a problem. At a certain point well have to add technical staff at technician level, so some of them I think will be prior employees and others would be new ones. We are confident that given our employment levels and the markets that we work in and the timeframe that it takes to get people up to speed the previously trained and to train new ones that we will be able to do that and instead of measured fashion given the growth rate that we anticipate for this business over the next three to four quarters.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company:  And Jim you mentioned in some cases, you will expect to able to hire back some of our former employees, are any of those on some type of small retention of some sort or is there no financial tied to those types of folks?
Jim Foster: There was no specific financial tied, we retained virtually all the scientific staff and most of the study directors. There are probably a few of those people that are still available and that we will have some good terms and this simply was insufficient works so we would be helpful that the very good one that, which we had a long term relationship would be pleased to come back, but its not economically feasible to be holding that in anticipation of a timeframe that would not entirely [show out].
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: As youve sort of done the work to sort of get deeper into whats going on in the end markets and youve had conversations with executives and the like that you noted, as they talked about the increased outsourcing that they are likely to do, what was driving, was it them both trying to get productivity and cost cuts, was it not having the right staffing levels internally, was it purely savings and price based? Im just trying to get the sense for now that the budget cycle has been reset, what is sort of on the top of mind of most of the executives in terms of why now versus waiting until later in the year or 11?
Jim Foster :  On top of mind is the fact that they have a limited number of resources and they have come up with priorities and other ones stand them and thats going to be some very early discovery either internally or licensing end products from large molecule companies and/or driving things for the clinical and those tend to be the same what they are holding on to. Also weve had some assets that transfer conversations, which means that the clients have literally been not just resisting infrastructure and headcount, but actually trying to [jet] us in this as well and we indicated in our remarks thats not something that we think makes any sense so either our clients or ourselves and we told them that and we actually think some of our clients will close those sites. So weve come into a new calendar year having seen the Pfizer and Merck deals finish and those businesses go through the beginnings of pretty dramatic infrastructure realignments in terms of reducing space and people and focusing on specific therapeutic areas. I think other companies have been waiting to see what that looks like so to realign their own infrastructures, weve seen in the last month several large other drug companies were also making large announcements. Its really about as the patent [flip] continues to loom and there tends to be maybe a short term abeyance in healthcare legislation being enacted. Its a period for them to I think more aggressively utilize their internal resources. So that sort of combined with the anticipation on that capacity will get tied (inaudible) and that just a fact we all in the CRO industry have excess capacity at the moment, but thats obviously no one is building anymore. We suspended operations in mass, our clients to take their space out. So space will get tied, clients will think increasing about getting in line and how long theyll have to wait. They havent had to wait very long for the last years or 18 months. And I think there is beginning to the greater thought about where they stand in the queue and also what they have been getting from a quality point of view from players that they have been forcing to provide services at much lower price points. So we think that the pricing dramatic reductions has ceased and actually has for some time and as I said, earlier we have seen some limited very early ability to push back on prices and not just for the part of it, but because we really need to be paid better to perform these exceptional services, and I think the clients will recognize that and are willing to try to buy the best services possible at a CRO price going forward. Are recognizing the fact that they no longer have the capacity to capably to do it themselves.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And just a sort of follow-up on that, Jim. It seems like in general for this industry, price is obviously fairly key to profitability and thats no surprise, but as we think about sort of the recovery in that level, I know you sort of talked about some of the different factors on that. Obviously its heavily capacity utilization weighted, as you thought about the last time industry maybe went through a down turn even though its not necessarily as comparable. How should we think about the time period or sort of the sequence of events that need to happen to get to that from next incremental price being up versus flat and how did those sort of discussions start with the biopharma heads?
Jim Foster : Its beginning to happen steadily and slowly right now. As you said, it is directly related to current available capacity to more importantly how much space to the clients here will be available to them when they need to move quickly? I think they will have less flexibility than they have for the last year or so, and they have been able to book studies in the mater of weeks and historically it has been for months. While we do believe we are beginning to get some pricing capability and well increasingly do so, we havent built our internal plan on it. Our plan is built upon filling capacity, being more efficient and improving our margins top line and our margins outlay. To some extent I think pricing will just sort of (Inaudible) there will be sort of an additional benefit, but right now we are driving efficiency gains through the restructuring of our preclinical organizations and our Six Sigma initiatives and our procurement initiatives as aggressively as possible to sort of fill in wherever lack of pricing has left us, but were certainly moving in a directional pricing, well become something that will be available to us. We are sort of anticipating that its not going to be a lever that were going to be able to pull that to any significant degree in fiscal 2010.
Operator: Our next question is from Sandy Draper with Raymond James.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Longer-term question, you made the comments about eventually getting back to a double-digit growth number. When you look at that, is that really predicated on eventually getting back to some more normal growth around PCS, do think it sort of a balanced growth between the two and without trying too get specific 2011 guidance, would that even be a reasonable short in 2011 or are you really looking at more of a three to five year target to eventually get back there? Thanks.
Jim Foster: We have been talking directionally in longer-terms, so 2011 its difficult to comment on, we certainly wouldn't go so far right now to say that were in the hunt for double-digit in '011, but if anything possible. Look, RMS, we should continue to get price, the models business should continue to be a solid as a result of continuing to take market share across all geographic locals and the academic sector in particularly these days we do think our new sales force realignment will be extremely beneficial to see more rapid top line growth from the services part of our RMS business. As infrastructure realignments continue to take price with the pharma companies and as capacity tightens and space is reduced inside of our client on the preclinical side that will begin to stimulate growth there. So it's difficult to call sort of when we get to that level, but we're sort of inherently thinking that RMS sort of gets back to high single-digit preclinical at low double-digit obviously it puts some pricing power again in the preclinical business that could be more easily realized. So it's a more mid-term goal obviously.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cohen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cohen and Company: What's been the early feedback from clients regarding transitioning studies from Shrewsbury to other facilities, it sounds like there haven't been any real problems yet, I just want to make sure there aren't any new concerns specific to not having a facility right in the neighborhood of east coast clients?
Jim Foster: We are very pleased with the clients response; I think the testament to quality of the relationship we have with them, their belief in us as a company, actually their belief in being comfortable using multiple sites to get the work done. There were certainly some clients that integrated Box scenario that were preferred to use local supply source because they like being able to go there by car pretty much whenever they wanted to. But since thats no longer available by us or anyone, and they have multiple high quality options at other facilities and some of our clients who use a single facility some will use several of our facility, that really holds us in good stand and continues to give us good flexibility and should continue to ensure capacity value well utilized. The conversation have been extremely professional clients have been, I can't say that they are thrilled about this, but they are very comfortable with that, they are working with us, they are happy to stay with us and its gone, I would say, better than we had anticipated about concerns of the amount of work thats moving and in clients openness and willingness to work closely with us and in some cases to get out and audit other facilities that they werent necessarily familiar with.
Doug Schenkel - Cohen and Company: Okay thanks, Jim, and one real quick follow-up. It was clearly very good to hear some encouraging words regarding the pharma; I guess the outlook for hopefully a pick up in PCS demands heading into Q1 and Q2. Any color you can provide regarding certain product areas or geographies within PCS that you think are going to pick up prior to other areas.
Jim Foster: Not really. We hope it will be the sort of usual balance we have between specialty work and also long and short-term work, I mean that would be a more normalized market. Obviously we have a bigger foot print in specialty work that tends to have margins and a healthy goals of that is obviously beneficial to our P&L, but I think supporting the clients across the whole range of tox studies in sort of a testament to them doing work both early and comment (inaudible) with the longer clinical trials. Given the foot print that we have with different of our facilities having different capability, the more we can keep space for across the entire portfolio the better the P&L will look for the better clients what well be able to manifest by using our entire infrastructure, so hopefully it will role out pretty much across the board. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Isaac Ro, Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann:  First off on RMS, just wondering if you could remind us what price increases you guys realized for 2009 and then maybe if you could comment on any further mixed trends that you might expect in 2010 that could help the business that would be helpful.  
Tom Ackerman:  Yes, 2009 was probably around 3ish percent, maybe a little bit better. So, we obviously expect it to be a little bit lower than that in 2010, but not significantly. The second one, could you follow up on the question. The mix in RMS or?
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Yes, just I think you touched a little bit on the mice versus rats' data and then like Im wondering if there is anything else in the animal mix that we should be thinking about?
Tom Ackerman:  Not really, I mean the stimulus funding will primarily be beneficial to mice sales, variety of mice activity and as Jim referenced with the tox-rebound that would primarily be driven towards larger out-bred rats. I cant say that thats a significant profit driver in terms of those to, I mean our toxicology rats are probably bread and butter, but many of the inbred mice are also very favorably priced and have very good margins as well.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: And just secondly, if you could touch on progress in China, maybe how that performed in the quarter and then your outlook for that region in 2010?
Jim Foster:  China has generally gotten more slowly than we had anticipated initially, because of construction delays and secondarily because as the whole industry pullback. So, remember that of our clients of large international drug companies and not Chinese based. We do have Chinese based discovery organizations either they own or contracted out. They have been very careful about spending in China as they have everywhere else. Theyve also been reasonably price-sensitive even in China. So, weve had a large number of audits, weve had a large amount of non-GLP work and we currently have several GLP studies going on at the same time with several large pharma clients. So, the work is beginning to get done in a more significant fashion, clients seem quite pleased with the facility and the quality of the work. The site continues to be a drag to the P&L; we are unwaveringly committed to China as having vital strategic deployments to our business and our industry going forward. So, were out there working hard to bring in more clients. I think we have pretty healthy client roster lined up for 2010, both very large pharma clients and some slightly smaller ones. So, the client base is actually fine. It's going a little more slowly than we would have liked, but improving all the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Tsao, Barclays Capital.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Jim, how are you sort of managing the process in terms of negotiating potential asset trends per deal and the sort of balancing what you view sort of your near-term and perhaps even long-term sort of financial interest versus the risk in terms of sort of a competitor potentially coming in and making a deal on less favorable terms and what youre willing to accept and sort of addressing, what I would almost characterize as The Prisoners Dilemma of some sort with some of your large competitors. And also largely, are most of the sites that youve been in these assets transfer negotiations, currently active talk sites or have these already largely had operations wound down, perhaps not all the way, but to a certain level, but already had some significant pullback in terms of their level of activity?
Jim Foster: Doug, this is really a classic example of how timing is everything in life. So, I would say that if went back five years ago, before we started are very aggressive less than CapEx to build and renovate and refurbish facilities. The face of these asset transfer deals, they would obviously look more attractive. You would get facilities and people and business in one fell swoop and we would have had a different orientation to them, so would the competition and I think we would be out there negotiating very aggressively for that. Theyre not sort of strategically something that we are interested in on their face, because of the obvious reason that there is too much space out there and all it does is exacerbate the problems for Charles River. Frankly, for our competitors and actually for clients too doesnt really solve an issue for them, except sort of transfer responsibility to manage their employee base instead of them doing it, that doesn't really feel like the proper thing for us to do. Having said that, why we should have a general and negative predisposition, were obviously very respectful of our clients. We live to serve them and also every preclinical talk site is not created the same. So, some of them are better than others, some are newer than others, some are more efficient than others. And to the last part of your question, some are more full than others, but in any event I would say they are all somewhat less than full and in the process of winding down, obviously they dont need to stay. We have done thorough investigations including, run the numbers, visited the facility, met the people and thought very carefully about them and passed. We are willing to take the risk that a competitor sees the situation differently although I cant imagine why, even if they all have too much capacity, but we are willing to take that risk or pain as it were, because it doesnt make good economic sense for us and we actually dont think it is the best thing for the client. So, we pass them having thought it thoroughly and we are having no sort of - not a feeling that we would leave anything on the table as a result of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Natalie Nadler, William Blair. 
Natalie Nadler - William Blair:  Its Natalie Nadler in for John today. I was hoping you could expand on the demand dynamics that you are seeing in the market right now. And more specifically, what you are seeing from large pharma clients versus mid-size versus small biotech and how much of the improvement that you are currently seeing is being driven by the different segments?
Jim Foster:  Well, we try very hard to service, in the way we restructured our sales force, we are looking at our client base and so three different constituencies, one is academic and government, two obviously falls mostly on the preclinical side and we have had a lot of traction and historically sales were up in 2009 and we anticipate a good 2010. Specifically, because of the stimulus money and more sales force. There is a lot of mid-size companies' sort of small pharma and mid-size biotech companies; its a challenging client base to support, just because there is so many clients. We are very optimistic that our new structure with generalist and technical experts supporting them will allow us to infiltrate and support those clients more readily and we really have a much enhanced focus on the big pharma clients who we have dedicated very senior people at global account managers servicing them as well. So, there will be a lot of businesses available for all three of those segments, there probably will be a disproportionate amount of money available relatively quickly. From big pharma companies, I only say that because their spend on an individual basis is so much more and their movements in terms of shrinking their own infrastructure and immediately having to look for us. So I think capabilities will be more dramatic and there probably will be opportunities to lock in clients for longer and lock out the competition and so we are very focused on that as well. So, were trying our best to service the very large client base and take advantage of available business and all of them. Obviously biotech companies by definition do very little of what we do internally, at least smaller ones. For instance, they dont do toxicology work at all and those that do we dont see investing in infrastructure. We dont see them investing in discovery services or in the RMS services sector at all. So, were really particularly well poised at the current time when clients really need, its really not optional they really need to invest aggressively in outsourcing and I think as the price points begin to soften somewhat, we will really see material benefits.
Natalie Nadler - William Blair: And then just given that the environment has improved for biotech funding, have you started to see an increase from that client segment?
Jim Foster : I think somewhat our biotech clients fell out somewhat, but some of that slack was picked up by direct investments for the pharmaceutical companies, particularly for those biotech companies that had compounds that they want to license or support in some way, but were probably just beginning to see an up-tick as a result of more money being available for the capital markets.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Just following up on actually Dougs earlier question on kind of capacity transfer, youve been pretty clear that you dont want to go down that pass, yet at the same time, I think youve talked about the increasingly strategic nature of your discussions with clients. So, are there other paths that youre looking to go down or is it your view once the demand starts to firm and go back to kind of a normalized business as usual environment?
Jim Foster : I dont know what a business as usual environment means anymore. I think whats happens historically is not really relevant and it is not a particularly good predictor. We have a client base that has totally changed, totally morphed and continues to shrink. What were really trying to discipline ourselves to do is deal with every client on an individual basis and not try to force them into some specific paradigm that we worked out for all of our big drug companies for instance. So, some will continue to launch dedicated space, some may want to transfer assets, they may not transfer them to us. Some will be lot longer-term preferred provider agreement with some sort of specialty ability to be in front of the line and return for large amounts of work and many will be comfortable just getting in inline and waiting, I do think that being comfortable getting inline and waiting will dissipate as space begins to shrink. So that's the only thing I do think as relevant what weve seen historically. Right now if you can book a study in a few weeks you don't really have to think about it all that much or plan that carefully, if that hopefully gets to the point where it is a couple of quarters lets say and clients are vary impatient because they have a new compound, that will change the market dynamics significantly. I do think that we continue to be on uncharted waters in terms of what the competition looks like, what our clients look like and what we look like. Weve tried with all the changes that we made in fiscal 09 to be very creative and flexible and open to working with clients differently and we don't really think that's going to change any time soon. I don't think we're going to get back to any specific way to work with most of our clients.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan : And then on Shrewsbury, can you talk about what you would be looking for in terms of a sign that youd consider reopening that and just talk mechanically about what would take to ramp that facility backup if and when the demand does return?
Jim Foster: I mean it's very straightforward, as you know while we haven't given the specific percentage, our capacity utilization is quite low, and we recognize quite low for all of our competitors as well. It will improve literally as a result of our Massachusetts off-line, but still won't get to the point that wed like it to be probably by the end of fiscal 2010. As we see our preclinical space beginning to get to the point where its approaching optimal levels around 85%, let's see, we see ourselves getting close to 80%. We will be looking to bring that facility back online, the facility of course only needs to be revalidated and it would take us relatively short period of time to get a small crew in there to do the validation and to open in a small period of time meaning about six months, it probably takes us a year to year and half to be fully at the level we were out when we closed it. So let's say, it takes us a year to get back at a reasonable capacity to take on additional work. We definitely will have additional time to do that. We also have some work available and we know that just fully outfitted by they are dime and ready to go and we have some additional space in Ohio as well so we are very flexible from brining new space online, if we happen to call this long a business come back faster, not its problem they have. We certainly have sufficient space to do this and its entirely been a factor of how quickly we can bring on both old staff and train new staff to be able to do quality work.
Operator: Thank you and our last question is from Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: On the use of the cash, I know you mentioned strategic M&A and also share buybacks. On M&A can you discuss what types of deals you might be looking at, I wouldnt imagine these would include taking on any additional toxicology capacity and then on share buybacks, Tom, I believe you mentioned that there is no change with the share count in 2010 guidance, if thats right how should we think about the potential per share buybacks going forward? 
Tom Ackerman: Yeah, I will take your last question first and then flip it to Jim, but we do have a 145 million remaining on prior authorizations or existing authorizations with our board. As we said, we will look at myriad of options as we move to the first quarter and to the extent that we do reinvigorate that potential will push down our share count during 2010.
Jim Foster: On the M&A side we continue to be interested in looking at mostly service businesses, mostly upstream to fill in our portfolio. The kind of optimal deal size for us has kind of been 50 plus million, from a purchase price point it doesnt mean that we restrict ourselves to deal that size, I mean we would be certainly willing to taken a reasonable amount of debt to do a bigger deal to make sense for us strategically and it continue to distinguish us from our competitors and provide the services that our clients want so deal flow continues to be good we are always active in that space. 
Operator: Thank you. And that conclude our last question. 
Susan Hardy: Well, we know there were a few people left in the queue, we apologies that we didnt get you but well follow-up with you later today. Thank you all for joining us this morning that concludes the conference call. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This conference will be available for replay after 12 noon Eastern Time today until February 23rd, at mid night. You may access the AT&T playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 143476. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 using the access code 143476. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James C. Foster - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President  Thomas F. Ackerman - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Susan E. Hardy - Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Alexander Draper - Raymond James Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs John Kreger - William Blair & Co. Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo David Windley - Jefferies & Co Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird  David Windley - Jefferies & Co Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Welcome to the Charles River third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and comments, instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded.  At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. 
Susan E. Hardy: Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' 2009 third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our third quarter results and review guidance for 2009. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website, at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 117470. The replay will be available through November 18th, you may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K which was filed on February 23, 2009, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
James C. Foster:  Good morning, Ill begin by reviewing the third quarter results which we reported last night. Sales for the period were $297.5 million, at decline of 13.1% over the third quarter of 08. Foreign exchange accounted for 1.8% of the decline. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, the constant dollar sales decline was 11.3% with the RMS segment reporting flat sales year over year and the PCS segment declining 21.4%. Operating income was $57.9 million and the operating margin was 19.5% compared to $77.6 million and 22.7% reported in the third quarter of 08. The operating margin declined just 40 basis points from 19.9% reported in the second quarter of 09 as the benefit of the cost savings actions partially offset the impact of lower capacity utilization in the PCS segment. Earnings per diluted share was $0.65 in the third quarter of 09 compared to $0.76 in the third quarter of last year and $0.66 per share in the second quarter of this year. Finally, we have reduced our 09 guidance to reflect sales of 10% to 11% below last year with EPS in the range between 228 and 232 for 2009. As we get closer to year end, clients are becoming are even more hesitant to commit to studies, apparently preferring to wait for the new budget year. Therefore, we believe that fourth quarter will be softer than we originally expected. Our results for the quarter and our expectations for the year reflect the continuing soft market demand for the companys broad portfolio of essential drug development products and services due to pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients delaying spending on therapy in development. As we have previously noted, pharmaceutical companies are facing significant challenges as they reinvigorate the development pipelines and create more efficient infrastructures. We believe these challenges are being exacerbated by the disruption surrounding this years significant large pharma merger activity and availability of excess capacity for outsourced preclinical services. Excess capacity is enabling our clients to reduce lead times and study placement and to exert pressure on preclinical pricing. Its important to recognize that our RMS segment continued to perform well despite the uncertainties in the market, delivering net sales of $163.3 million in the third quarter. When excluding the 0.9% negative effect of foreign exchange, sales were essentially flat with the prior year. Through cost savings actions and tight control of expenses, we maintained the operating margins just above the 30% level. There were a number of positive and negative drivers for this segment sales. Prices increases have been maintained, running at approximately 3% to 4% for the year-to-date. Sales research models held up surprisingly well, especially in view of the fact the that third quarter is usually seasonally weaker than the first quarter and the second quarter of the year. Sales of CD rats continued to be below historical levels due primarily to slow demands in toxicology services. We were very pleased to see that sales for the academic market increased year-over-year as they have done so each quarter n 09. We believe the increase is due primarily to market share gains, the result of our more competitive pricing and increased sales coverage. As you know, we have added to our sales coverage of the academic market over the last few years and are further expanding coverage significantly through the new sales organization realignment. Although we are yet to see a meaningful contribution from stimulus funding, we expect those funds to begin to flow soon and want to be well positioned to benefit when they do. The most significant decline in the quarter was sales of large models. As weve noted previously, quarter to quarter sales of these models can vary widely although we tend to have relatively consistent sales from year-to-year. Given the softness in toxicology, we currently expect sales of these models in 09 to be below 08 levels. The sales shortfall was also the primary driver of the year-over-year and sequential operating margin decline. Our acquisitions of MIR, Piedmont and Cerebricon which are performing well collectively contributed approximately 3% to net sales growth, about half of which was offset by lower sales for our AVN vaccine business. As you know we divested our vaccine operations in Mexico in the third quarter of 08. The endotoxin microbial detection or EMD business also made a nice contribution to sales in the third quarter with the sales growth in the double digits. Sales of the PTS or portable endotoxin testing device increased despite our clients capital spending constraints. We continue to experience adoption across a number of market segments including nuclear pharmacies, dialysis clinics, microbiology, bio-processing, cell therapy, med device and biotech, and are optimistic about the opportunities for the PTS. Already the market leader in endotoxin testing, the PTS has enabled us to solidify our position and we expect it to continue to generate growth for the foreseeable future. Net sales of services such as consulting and staffing services and GEM declined moderately, the former due to the expiration of a number of government contracts that were not renewed and the latter to general market weakness for outsourced services. That weakness was more pronounced in the PCS segment when net sales declined to $134.2 million, 24% below last year, of which 2.6% was a negative impact of foreign exchange. Demand for toxicology services remained weak and primarily as a result of lower capacity utilization. The operating margin declined 13.8%, significantly below last year and the second quarter. We continue to see our clients invest in discovery of new therapies as evidenced by sales of rodent models and by placement of a greater proportion of acute IND-enabling studies. However, we have not yet seen them refocus their attention and moving those compounds through the development pipeline. Pricing has also been a contributor to the sales decline. Competitive pricing pressure has persisted, and while we are no longer seeing prices decline, they are not expected to strength until CRO capacity is better utilized. Furthermore, lower average pricing is also impacting margins as studies initiated at 08 prices are completed and replaced by studies at 09 prices. To weather this period, we have continued to manage the expenses carefully including the implementation of cost savings actions. The most significant actions have been preclinical headcount reduction including a 6% reduction in October. Through reductions and attrition combined, our PCS workforce has been reduced by approximately 18% in 09 as we align the workforce with demand. We continue to evaluate the cost structure, but given the high fixed cost nature of our preclinical business and the necessity to maintain our scientific expertise and ability to respond to client demand when it strengthens. We do not expect PCS margins to improve in the near term. The PCS reorganization which was announced on July 1st has been implemented and we are very pleased with the impact it has had on our operations. With former site heads collectively focused on global operations, we are driving enhanced standardization across our facilities. By doing so, we are facilitating our clients ability to have work performed at multiple sites within Charles River. We are further enhancing our ability to service our clients through the recent sales force realignment. The new sales structure has been finalized and we are in the process of rolling it out. We have a more comprehensive coverage of all market segments and more effective communications with fee accounts. We believe that new sales structure will enhance our goal to build even stronger relationships with our clients. In addition to cost savings actions, the PCS reorganization and sales realignment, our 6-sigma program has continued to ramp up with more than 100 projects currently underway and more in the pipeline. Our expectations are for modest cost reductions in 09 with more significant reductions in 2010. Were looking at our 6-sigma program as a method by which to drive operating efficiencies which we believe will position us to offer our clients services at a lower cost. In the absence of significant pricing power, we must rely on improved operating efficiency in order to drive profitability. We are also expecting to gain improved access to information through our IT initiatives. The ERP project which is the largest of the initiatives is moving ahead on schedule. Integration testing is nearly complete and we expect to go live for a significant portion of the company at the end of December. Major user groups have been trained and we are now moving on to broader training initiatives.  As we told you at the beginning of this year, we are using this period of softer market demand to restructure and realign our operations for peak efficiency and client access, and our investing and infrastructure to support our growth. We believe these are critical initiatives not only necessary to manage through the current environment but to maintain and enhance our position as a premier provider of the essential drug development products and services that our clients require and to do so as efficiently and cost effectively as possible. Although we have yet to see tangible indicators that demand for our portfolio is strengthening, we are resolute in our belief that it will rebound. We believe this will occur for a number of reasons; first, the mergers are closing Pfizer Wyeth on October 15th and Merck sharing was in the fourth quarter. As they navigate the first 100 days, we believe they will quickly implement the consolidation plan with a goal of reinvigorating the drug development efforts as soon as possible. We expect that the closure of these two significant mergers will have a galvanizing effect on the pharmaceutical industry because with visibility into the structures of the two largest drug companies in the world, we believe others will pursue their own strategies more aggressively. The closing of these mergers is coinciding with the beginning of the 2010 budget year which will provide fresh funding for our clients. Last year, it took most of the first quarter for budgets to be finalized and researchers to begin to put the new funds to work. We believe this will be the case again for next year which is another reason that we believe we should not begin to see improvement until the second quarter of 2010. Biotech funding has also improved. Market research indicates that total funding available in 2008 from all sources including partnering, public markets, and private equity was approximately $30 billion. That number is estimated to increase to $47 billion in 09, with comparable dollar increases coming from partnering and the public markets. Healthcare reform may also be a positive for the pharmaceutical industry. The plan passed by the senate finance committee on October 13th included healthcare benefits for an additional 29 million Americans. Although it will take some time for healthcare reform to become law and changes may occur before go is passed by congress, its been a major objective of the sponsors that any legislation would include additional healthcare benefits which should be positive for our biopharmaceutical clients. And finally, our continuing discussions with senior management of our large pharma clients reinforces a consistent message from them as they are increasingly identifying areas of expertise as non-core and want broader and more innovative strategic relationships with contract research organizations like Charles River who can provide support across a larger proportion of the drug development process. Through these discussions, we are exploring a myriad of partnership arrangements from preferred provider agreements, dedicated resources to asset transfers. We aspire to be on the same side of the table with our clients so that we are helping to enhance their decision making processes with regard to drug development candidate priorities. The current market environment is challenging and we believe it offers enormous opportunity for our long-term growth. Although visibility into a recovery and preclinical demand is limited for now, we will not lose sight of the necessity to continue to build our business to support our clients emerging requirements for more strategic partnerships. Towards that end, we are continuing to expand our portfolio with strategic focus on acquisitions such as Piedmont and Cerebricon and with novel and impactable technologies such as SPC. Our goal is to maintain and enhance our unique position as a premier contract research organization that can provide scientific expertise from discovery through first-in-human testing from research models to man. During this complex and challenging times, I particularly want to thank our employees for their exceptional work and our shareholders for their continuing support. Ill now turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Thomas F. Ackerman :  Good morning. I will speak primarily of non-GAAP results which exclude acquisition related amortization, non-cash interest expense related to the new convertible debt accounting rules, and charge related to cost savings actions and other items. Overall, third quarter sales and operating income declined 3.5% and 5.5% sequentially driven primarily by the PCS segment as a result of continuing soft market demand and the impact of lower pricing working its way through the backlog. The impact on operating income was partially offset by lower unallocated corporate costs and cost savings actions. Third quarter EPS of $0.65 was favorable to our prior expectations due primarily to a lower effective tax rate. Unallocated corporate cost declined both year-over-year and sequentially primarily driven by further reductions in expected 2009 incentive compensation levels. We noted on our second quarter call that we had lower than targeted sales levels for bonuses and have subsequently decided to terminate the majority of our incentive compensation programs for this year. Lower healthcare and fringe related costs also contributed to the substantial decline in unallocated corporate costs versus the second quarter as these costs have historically been lower during the second half of the year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expected unallocated corporate costs to increase sequentially because we do not expect a similar benefit from the incentive compensation reversals. We will also incur incremental ERP cost ahead of the planned roll-out. We currently expect unallocated corporate cost to total slightly below 5% of sales for the year, consistent with our previous guidance. The ERP project continues to progress well and on schedule. We are on track to roll out the system at our US locations at the end of December which is the beginning of our 2010 fiscal year. We completed integration testing in September, finalized the appropriate backup plans to ensure a smooth transition to the new system and are currently in the process of training all employees who will have access to the ERP system. We plan to complete the training in data conversion by the end of the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect to incur $2 to $3 million of expense in the fourth quarter. We are very confident that our considerable planning, testing, and training will lead to a successful implementation of the new ERP system. Weve had over 70 people, a combination of both consultants and internal personnel dedicated to this project for over 2 years. In 2010, we expect significant expense especially in the first six months and only modest savings from the ERP project, but as the system becomes more integrated into our operations, we believe it will enhance the availability and accessibility to information which are critical attributes to our ability to deliver real-time data and enhance decision making capabilities. The benefits are expected to ramp over time and generate greater internal efficiency going forward, particularly when leveraged by higher sales volume. Net interest expense of $2.4 million in the third quarter was largely unchanged from prior quarters as a result of relatively stable interest rates and average debt levels. Other income of $1.3 million was slightly below $1.6 million in the second quarter favorable to our expectations since we generally do not forecast an amount for this line item. Other income is typically driven by investments associated with our deferred compensation plan. Gains and losses on these investments are correlated with market returns and thus unpredictable. The non-GAAP tax rate declined to 25.5% in the third quarter. The 410 basis point sequential decline was primarily driven by a settlement of the US tax audit that resulted in a decrease of our tax reserves and to a lesser extent the geographic mix of earnings. The lower tax rate contributed approximately $0.04 to EPS on a sequential basis. While we expect the fourth quarter tax rate to return to first half levels, we now expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 29% for the year. This is below our previous guidance of 29.5% to 30.5% due to the lower third quarter rates. There were several other tax items that affected our GAAP results in the third quarter. As a result of the tax settlement, we also reported $3.5 million in income from discontinued operations. This relates to the portion of a settlement that was associated with our Pharma Phase II-IV Clinical Services business which we sold in 2006. Also, upon filing our tax return in September, we recorded an additional tax benefit of $1.1 million related to our cash repatriation activities in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. Both of these items have been excluded from our non-GAAP results in the quarter. There were some additional items excluded from our third quarter non-GAAP results. We recorded severance cost of $2.5 million principally related to the consolidation of a small European RMS facility for cost savings purposes, and continued actions to wind down our pre-clinical operations in Arkansas. We took a $1.8 million impairment charge related to the planned disposition of our Arkansas pre-clinical facility. We also reported an $800,000 gain on the sale of real estate related to our pharma phase I clinical in Scotland. As Jim mentioned, we implemented additional cost reduction initiatives in the fourth quarter, the most significant of which was a headcount reduction of approximately 6% in the PCS segment in October. As a result we expect to incur a severance cost of approximately $5 million in the fourth quarter. The October action is expected to reduce cost by approximately $15 million on an annualized basis. In total, the 2009 cost savings initiatives are expected to reduce cost by $40 million in 2009 with a $15 million annualized run rate beginning at 2010. Our cash and marketable securities position of $215 million in the third quarter was down from $225 million at the end of the second quarter. We repaid $18 million on our revolver in the third quarter and had $90 million outstanding at quarter end which is the same as at the end of 2008. Third quarter DSO was less favorable at 45 days versus 41 days at the end of June and 40 days at the end of 2008, primarily driven by a decrease in deferred revenue due to lower pre-clinical sale volume. Deferred revenue offsets accounts receivable in the DSO calculation. However, we have not seen a meaningful deterioration in our receivable aging or collections. Free cash flow increased to $30 million in the third quarter and $92 million year-to-date driven by a significant decline in capital expenditures. For the year, we have reduced free cash flow guidance to a range of $120 million to $130 million to reflect the lower earnings guidance. This includes CapEx of $80 million to $90 million, also below our previous range. As Jim discussed, we are reducing sales and EPS guidance for 2009. We are lowering our sales guidance to 10% to 11% below last year on a reported basis including a 2.5% negative impact in foreign exchange for the year and a 1% to 1.5% benefit in the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures. Sales guidance reflects our expectation at PCS sales will be lower sequentially in the fourth quarter as clients appear to have become more hesitant to commit to placing studies the closer we get to year end. This is expected to be partially offset by favorable foreign exchange movements as FX becomes a tailwind for the fourth quarter as well as stable RMS sales. We expect fourth quarter RMS sales to be comparable to the third quarter level as seasonally weak small model sales are expected to be offset by the timing of large model shipments. Moving to earnings, we have also updated our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the range of $2.28 to $2.32 for 2009. This guidance assumes a lower operating margin in the fourth quarter versus the 19.5% third quarter margin. Several factors are expected to drive the fourth quarter margin decline including lower PCS sales and less favorable mix are expected to reduce the PCS operating margin to single digits which will more than offset the cost savings. Normal seasonality in the RMS segment which is expected to push the fourth quarter segment margin slightly below 30% and unallocated corporate costs are expected to increase by $4 million to $5 million in comparison with the third quarter which benefited from a reversal of the incentive compensation accruals. We also expect to incur incremental ERP costs in the fourth quarter. In addition, were not forecasting a similar $0.05 benefit from a lower tax rate and other below the line items that contributed to the third quarter EPS. While were disappointed by this outlook for the fourth quarter, we continue to focus on vigilant expense management and our goal of strengthening our internal infrastructure and operating efficiency. As a result we believe we will be better positioned to capitalize on future growth opportunities and improve profitability when pre-clinical demand does rebound.
Susan E. Hardy: That concludes our comments. Operator, would you please take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Draper - Raymond James.
Alexander Draper - Raymond James: Just a couple of quick questions. Did you say Tom, on the RMS commentary, is that comparable to the third quarter in terms of being stable or year-over-year?
Thomas F. Ackerman: Third quarter to fourth quarter.
Alexander Draper - Raymond James: Okay, so you dont expect the normal seasonal decline that youve seen historically?
Thomas F. Ackerman: In some aspects of the business such as the models we would expect some decline for seasonality, but as I noted we expect an uptick in our large animal models and an uptick in some of our services so that on a total sales basis, yes, we expect it to be stable versus the third quarter, but because of the profitability of the small models, we expect a decline in margin.
Alexander Draper - Raymond James: The second question and Ill jump out; I know youre not making any specific commentary on 2010, but I wanted to think of in terms of the longer-term add-backs, weve had a lot of different adjustments; severance, one, can you outline what basic areas I should be thinking about taking costs out in terms of the severance and the restructuring and where thats going to go longer term, and then also, what are the ongoing add-backs in each of the divisions as I should be thinking about longer-term add-backs and how you think about a pro forma margin versus a lot of the severance and impairments that have made the numbers move around a lot this year.
Thomas F. Ackerman: While of course a lot of the severance actions were excluded from our non-GAAP results; so if you look at our non-GAAP results this year and our margins, they are on a non-GAAP basis untainted by those actions. In my last remarks I mentioned that the cost savings actions contributed about $40 million this year and would contribute about $50 million next year. The reason why the numbers are not a little bit higher next year is because some of the actions that were taken are not necessarily recurring such as some of the incentive action. So, its a little difficult to answer your question in terms of margins directionally because as the demand has softened, some of the actions have been actually mitigated by further demand weakness. So, I think as demand returns, thats really where we would see the benefit of some of those actions, and of course if demand returns more slowly or it takes a little bit longer, then the actions while theyre beneficial, continue to be diminished by the impact of the demand. So, I hope that clarifies it a little bit. Obviously, a lot of it is dependent on demand return and how fast that rebounds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs.
Robert Jones - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned clients becoming more hesitant to admit to studies as we near year end; just a couple on this; are these clients involved in ongoing M&A or is this across the board, and then if you could help us understand what exactly needs to change in early 2010 to give these clients greater confidence in initiating these studies.
James C. Foster: Its definitely across the board. Were seeing a slowdown internationally, but large pharma clients, not necessarily focused on the clients that are involved and engaged in major mergers; some of the hesitancy has to be with the fact that clients can wait until the last minute to make commitments in the pre-clinical space because of so much capacity available and want to shop for better prices. Some is the desire to wait until the major mergers are finalized and they can see what the structures of those companies are like so that they can compete with them more effectively. Were definitely seeing a lets wait till the next fiscal year commentary building with some clients; weve seen some studies that we thought would be booked in the fourth quarter be booked in the first, and weve seen some slippage, normal slippage, weve seen some slippage from the fourth quarter to the first as well; so you have a combination of factors, a lot of that is impacted by the insurgency that surrounded the whole healthcare industry, and as we indicated in our remarks, several of those factors have ameliorated; the mergers are over or almost over and the integrations are about to start; biotech funding has improved. They are certainly in the process of doing the 2010 budget, so clearly some things will wait. Health care reforms seem to have at least a broad-brush structure put around it. Actually, most importantly for us, what our sense is relative to next year, is continuing clients, continuing conversations with clients at the most senior levels who are not only optimistic, but are much more focused on strategic outsourcing and much less focused on having to control everything internally. The issue remains to be when that will initiate, and of course, when it does initiate its going to be somewhat impacted by the price reduction that has taken place over the last at least two, maybe three years, but certainly the last year with great intensity. So, the build will be slower than originally anticipated, but we still believe we will see it build around the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger - William Blair & Co.
John Kreger - William Blair & Co.: Jim, can you just talk a bit more about the demand dynamics youre seeing within PCS and how thats changed over the last year; I know back in the spring we were hearing lots of anecdotes that demand levels and pricing had stabilized although it would seem perhaps that your guidance would suggest maybe thats not the case here on the fourth quarter. From your perspective, are we still in the stable demand environment or do you think were seeing further deterioration. And then a related question to that, this roll-off of 2008 pricing into 2009 pricing, is that dynamic done or are we going to continue to feel the effect of that for the next quarter or two?
James C. Foster: What we would say on that is that demand is continuing; were seeing very good inquiry levels, and were actually seeing that were winning historically consistent number of bids or number of proposals that were bidding upon. There continues to be enormous amounts of pressure on pricing and that is very much tied to the capacity; this continued downward pressure, and so we dont think it will be continuing to be available, we dont think that this pricing is off nor do we think the demand is off, but there is some inherent downward pricing pressure so that we dont seem to be cut. Were seeing 09 pricing now playing through the revenue base. Certainly the price decline has played through the backlog, and as we see long-term studies that were priced at 08 levels come off line and be completed and new ones initiate, it brings down the whole pricing platform as it was. It gives us a false sense of what demand is actually like. We actually think demand is pretty good, we also think that directionally demand will be lot stronger given what were hearing from our clients; the value of that demand, and how that compares to the prior year, definitely going to be impacted by pricing, so yes, I think were going to see certainly another quarter of this, at least we certainly have that playing through our guidance. Were warning for reduced revenues and margins associated with that revenue as the current prices really become the preponderance of what we do. Were seeing a disproportionate amount of short-term studies because of the hesitancy to commit. On the positive side I would say that specialty work is holding up relatively well and we have a large footprint in specialty work and that continues although I think clients wait until as long as they can to buy more expensive studies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Just following up a little bit on that line of questions; Jim, I was just hoping you could perhaps provide a little color in terms of how your current study mix compares to what youve seen historically. I understand that given your comment about I&D enabling study picking up as well as your mix in terms of long-term studies that we typically see associated with clinical development, but running parallel to clinical development.
James C. Foster: As I was saying previously, we dont have an adverse study mix in terms of specialty versus general toxicology. We continue to be the market leader in specialty work and it is continuing proportionately to be strong. We have seen disproportionate amounts of short-term studies, so we have a lot of turnover. The value of those studies tends to be not as high, and so, we dont have this commitment to longer-term studies running in parallel to the pre-clinical work, and some of the very expensive studies which they often dont initiate until the late phase II and sometimes phase III studies, they are waiting as long as possible to commit to those two. So, we have an elongated decision making process. Weve used the term hesitancy to commit, theres really no better way to say that, we have robust activity, lot of request for proposals, we get back to them immediately with those proposals, we win a significant portion of those and then we wait for contractual commitments and theyre not coming. I am not sure what the difference is in the ultimate effect; last year we had the studies booking immediately, but then slipping from quarter to quarter to quarter to quarter and never really starting; these days theyre just not committing at all. So, you probably have a similar effect although this year its exacerbated by the pricing. So, we would expect coming out of the first quarter with budgets done, the mergers done, biotech funding improved; all of the things that we said in our prepared remarks, but most importantly the necessity to start to get drugs through the pipeline. We would expect studies to he initiated. We would expect longer-term studies to be initiated as well. I suppose the mix between specialty and general not to change too much, and we would expect pricing which were feeling as a very low point now to begin to lapse that, and we wouldnt expect it to fall any further, and as capacity fails we certainly are not going to be raising our prices, but I think that the intense competitiveness from a pricing point of view from all of our competitors, with our clients taking advantage of that, I think that will ameliorate certain parts of our infrastructure came online both the Charles River and in other companies, its somewhere between unlikely and totally unforeseeable that that will happen again in fiscal 2010. We also have some of that dragging down margins, and we warned about that earlier in the year, but as we begin to have those operations break even and move into profitability, it will strengthen our situation from a profitability point of view as such space fills out. Directionally, we remain optimistic. We dont have any short term tangible solid indication that our prognosis is rock solid, and theres no way of knowing that until we finish this year and begin to look very closely at the first quarter. We have obviously been looking at it now, but its premature, so as we said on our last quarter call, as we come out of this year, the first quarter looks thoroughly, and the second quarter is beginning to look up, and were getting indications from clients that they are indeed getting back to business and have a lot of this historical things that we have seen this year impact them. We should begin to see an improvement in the second quarter.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: If we exclude the closure of the Arkansas facility, whats the net decline and PCS headcount? You cited 18%, if you take out Arkansas, whats the number?
James C. Foster: Im not sure I understand the question.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: If we exclude the impact of the Arkansas facility closure, for the other Charles River sites, whats the reduction in headcount then?
James C. Foster:  I dont remember the exact number Doug, but Arkansas headcount was 100 plus, and of course some of those people have actually while winding down, we havent completely reduced all the headcount at Arkansas, so hopefully that helps, and we can probably get you some more specifics later.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Windley - Jefferies & Co. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Co.: Jim, were talking about the margin impact of the lower pricing in 2009 being felt in the third quarter here more fully anyway. Just thinking about how the cycles back up, so if we assume that the Q2 of 2010 is the right timeframe for demand to start to loosen up and flow a little bit better and commitments being honored more closely to start date and things like that, would it then also be appropriate to expect that 09 pricing would take a couple of quarters, a quarter and a half, or something beyond that increase in demand to fully flow out of the backlog? In other words, you get into fairly late 2010 before you get the 2009 pricing flushed out, and as a tangent to that I suppose if you just got volume improvement and you didnt see a meaningful improvement in price, what kind of margin could PCS re-achieve and return back to just on a volume improvement?
Thomas F. Ackerman:  Its certainly not an easy question to answer, but well try to give you whatever information we can give you thats helpful. Obviously the longer term studies have more of a tailwind for sure, so I think youre question about how does it play for the backlog, it takes a little bit more time to unwind and it has impacted us probably more progressively through this period in terms of feeding into the actual revenue and therefore impacting the margin. As Jim said earlier, I believe we have seen more shorter term activity, so theres a little bit of a different dynamic there. That activity has tended to placed more closely to the time that the customers wanted to get the study done and obviously because of the shorter term nature of it tends to flow through the P&L more quickly, and then to the extent that there was a change in that activity in terms of pricing, it would flow back into the P&L more positively and our shorter term duration. Beyond those comments, Im not sure what else I could say about it. 
James C. Foster:  David, I think we would assume as I said earlier that probably the second or third quarter of next year, we should be anniversarying the full impact of the price, and we dont feel its going to get any worse. This is a very capacity sensitive business and we would expect as capacity fills even without pricing improvement but without any pricing decline that we would be able to improve our margins somewhat, so I think that as we move through the second quarter and into the back half of the year, those dynamics should play out. Its hard to imagine a repeat of factors occurring again next year. As we said, were not seeing a continuing pricing decline even now. We have just seen the impact of what we saw earlier, so that should wash itself out, and directionally we should see some improvement. When we can ultimately get those margins, its really too early to say.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo. 
Greg Bolan - Wells Fargo:  Jim, as we think about the large PCS headcount reductions year to date and then contemplate a potential rebound in demand for tox services, how do you feel about the companys ability to execute on project timeliness and quality? 
James C. Foster:  Obviously, we have been very careful about how and where we have reduced our headcount. Its obviously always a painful and difficult thing to do because our workforce is most valuable resource. In fact, we took headcount out at multiple places, not that there was any huge concentration in any particular location. We strive to retain virtually all, not all, but virtually all of our senior scientific staff and study directors, I would say in situations where we had some inductions in some of our senior staff, it was conscious to get the deficiency benefit of shared services, so we were aggregating activities that were done in multiple places into one or two places. We had staffed up for an anticipated increase in activity in the back half of this year which has not happened, so we simply found ourselves with certainly too much space, but significantly too much headcount in connection with both the current as well as the anticipated demand, and we feel that were staffed now to respond to the current demand and even some slight increase as we move into the second quarter. We obviously will have to staff up principally talking into direct labor level. Well have to staff up as we get advanced solid indication of the demand coming back, so its a very careful equilibrium that we have to achieve in order to be responsible in terms of how we manage our costs but also have the right scientific infrastructure in place. I think were still known for our scientific strength and capability, and its important for us to continue to retain that sort of prominence. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis. 
Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis:  Lots have been said here, and I am just trying to reconcile in my own mind what the outlook for the fourth quarter looks like with respect to the margin in the PCS business segment. Lets say we model it out. Pick a number, for a sequential decline in revenue in PCS, call it $7-8 million or what have you. Were still looking at probably maybe a 500 basis point or more contraction in the margin for that business segment to come down to a non-GAAP EPS range thats implied in your annual guidance, so you talked a lot about volume, you talked a lot about price, you talked about some of the investments that are being made. I have a two-pronged question. One is that kind of margin decline in Q4 in the ballpark in terms of that 500 plus basis points type of movement, and then what are the primary contributors to that movement? Is it volume, is it price, is it some of the investments in ERP? Can you help us calibrate our thinking a little bit better in that regard?
Thomas F. Ackerman :  Im not sure that I could answer the question as thoroughly as you would like, but well attempt to do that as best we can. Clearly, we indicated that the sales volume would be down, and to your question, without indicating specifically how much it would be down, margin would be down. Pricing is having an impact; there is no question about that, so volumes may not be down as much for instance as revenue because of the impact of pricing. Volumes are also down to some extent, and as Jim alluded to before, the mix has changed somewhat to the point that that is also affecting the profitability since different components or types of studies have different margin levels. So were obviously putting out indications as best as we think we can and as much as we think would be accurate, and beyond that I am not sure that I can add a lot more to help you understand probably as thoroughly as youd like.
Todd Van Fleet - First Analysis: Tom, if you had to rank them then, it sounds like pricing is number one, volume might be number two, and I thought I heard Jim say that mix really wasnt a significant issue, but is that number three then?
Thomas F. Ackerman : I would say so. I dont want to give you the impression that its a perfect science in terms of calling one, two, three, because of the vast myriad of customers we have and actually trying to capture the price impact and things like that. Its not as perfect as wed like it to be and therefore our answers arent as crystal clear as probably youd like them to be, so as best we can see it, I would say that thats a pretty good prioritization. One other thing is that the foreign exchange has moved around a bit. In addition to that, the Canadian dollar has continued to strengthen, and as weve said in the past, that creates a drag on margin. Because of the movement in other currencies which have continued to move in parallel versus the dollar, that tends to give us a little bit of a benefit on sales, but the actual Canadian dollar movement tends to be a drag on margin, and thats probably something that we didnt point out that maybe would be beneficial to that conversation as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann.  
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: I am thinking about the number of long-term contracts within pharma that might be available over the next few months for bidding, as you mentioned, as these mergers close. Im just wondering if its fair to say that youre not really seeing any handful or single competitor out there that might be trying to take a more aggressive approach to pricing that want these businesses for the long run, and as a followup to that, I think you mentioned the general slack capacity out there in the industry. Do you have a rough percentage improvement or relative improvement to the capacity utilization that you think you need to see before the pricing environment stabilizes from that side of things?
James C. Foster: We havent specific color on really what the capacity underutilization is either for us or for our competition. Suffice it to say, the capacity utilization has to improve significantly in order to see some improvement in pricing. I would say certainly it will take all of next year to see any sort of dramatic improvement. We dont have really any indications that our competitors are likely to do anything more dramatic from a price reduction point of view in order to secure business. We have anecdotal information that some of the price points at which some of our competitors are quoting work is below the level at which theyre able to provide good quality work, so clients seem to be okay with that. So I think what were going to see besides probably some asset transfer opportunities, whether we or anyone else actually want to close that sort of business, well see what the terms are, but I just think those deals will be on the table. I think the most significant thing is there is a fair amount of preclinical work that has never been outsourced by several of the major drug companies, most of whom we are speaking to and are indicating that they will outsource it. The issue is how fast do these entities move from the time they make that decision to actually placing the work externally and with whom, and thats a bit of an imponderable, but certainly we would think that well into next year that ought to be happening, and I think that that will be the last one on price because I think the price points are okay now for the clients, and I think more run on corporate relationships on the size and scale of the portfolio that you have with which to support them and what the long-term capabilities for us to support them in multiple geographic locales for instance. So those conversations are well underway, and as I said, it depends a lot on what the time frame is for the companies to make a decision and actually let the work out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Weve had a lot of general discussion about early development in the toxicology market, but Charles River actually has a pretty broad suite of offerings with BPS, biopharmaceutical services, bioanalytical, clinical pharmacology, pathology, a number of fairly large businesses. I am curious whether you could rank how those various sub-units are doing relative to your expectations in this environment by demand and profitability.
James C. Foster: That would be a substantial chore here. I would say that as a general proposition demand for most of those activities is less substantial than we would have liked to have seen it. I think a lot of it moves in tandem, certainly bioanalytical chemistry moves somewhat in tandem with tox, so does pathology for sure. Biopharmaceutical testing services runs a little bit countering that, pretty much depending on the strength of the large molecule companies or the biotech companies, so you can infer the state of that business. I think that the whole preclinical outsourcing demand curve moves pretty much in tandem, at least the way were structured. We have various parts and pieces that are scaled to support one another and so were likely to see the whole sector sort of invigorate slowly, but I think in tandem rather as disparate pieces leading or not. Since we dont break down the margin by sector within a segment, I am reluctant to do that now.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: What Im trying to get to is we get a lot of these general questions on what is pricing, how much is pricing down, and my assumption has always been that certain of your services would be facing less pricing pressure than others structurally just based on the nature of the work, in that we might massive price concessions on a D&B case study but maybe not quite study on a 6-month inhalation study, etc., and Im just trying to get a sense of the range of where pricing is and whether certain of your subunits are maybe not seeing as much of a pressure drain as perhaps some of the general toxicology short term work.
James C. Foster: That specific example is a very good one, and so we definitely dont see this sort of pricing pressure with our specialty tox and things like inhalation versus general toxicology for sure. It tends to hold up more and the competitive scenario is dramatically different. So yes, thats certainly true, but in some of the sub areas, like pathology testing and some of the biosafety testing, the same general pressure tends to prevail. We are seeing a fair amount of tenacity on the part of our clients to exact the best pricing at the latest possible time, and of course the specialty work we tend to have unique capabilities and unique scale, and we hope that that will always be the case, so yes, that does give us some pricing power in those areas.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: If youd allow me one followup, we didnt spend a lot of time on this call talking about the facility-specific performance, whats going on in Shrewsbury or Reno or China, Sherbrooke, etc. Are there any big takeaways from that or is the real takeaway that similar to your comment on your subunit businesses that demand is pretty much down across the board and walking fairly in tandem?
James C. Foster: What we said on our last call and maybe the call before is that in regard to our legacy sections were working very hard to scale our entire portfolio. Were going to stop giving color on specific sites. Suffice it to say that capacity is well underutilized, with a couple of exceptions, pretty much across the board. We did say that we would continue to give color at least for the balance of this year on the two sites we brought online this year, which were China and our second site in Montreal which is called Sherbrooke. I guess all I would say is that theyre filling up much as anticipated given that they got a late start. Its still a drag to the margin. We anticipate that theyll become breakeven and profitable in the not too distant future and they should cease to be a drag sometime in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan.  
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: I have a question on the ERP system. Maybe if you can talk about where you think you may see some of the biggest benefits from that next year. Im just wondering if theres an opportunity to get more granular pricing. Youve obviously talked a lot of end-market dynamics here, but does that provide you an opportunity longer term to extract better pricing and maybe manage projects a little bit more granularly?
James C. Foster: It does Tycho. I guess I want to be careful not to overstate the initial benefits because it will take a little while for people to get used to the information and for us to sort of refine the information, and by the way the rollout in January is for US only. We actually wont include some of our foreign sites until mid-year, so well have more visibility into certain data, but only for the US footprint which does include RMS and RPCS site. Unfortunately I think in this particular market environment, a lot of our benefits would be on things like capacity utilization and efficiencies like that, and so obviously from a capacity utilization standpoint, thats not going to be a benefit its going to materialize more rapidly because were underutilized now and its really going to take our ability to start filling up some of our space before we can actually start to get greater efficiencies from a utilization standpoint. Unfortunately, I think the benefits are going to come more slowly and in conjunction with both system familiarity and market demand, I think well probably see less benefits in 2010 than we had hoped for when we initially undertook this project.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: On pricing, you obviously gave a lot of color on PCS. Can you talk a little bit about your view on RMS going forward? You talked about some of the pricing traction youve had. Is your view that that continues to hold around the 3% to 4% range, or how should we think about that going forward?
Thomas F. Ackerman : Were not going to give specific color yet on what the magnitude of the price increase would be except to say that we anticipate that well be able to have a price increase next year on RMS as weve always have given our strong competitive position and the quality of our products and the importance of them to our clients.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Jim, in a couple of your comments you mentioned embracing asset transfer at least by the industry. Can you comment on how that stacks up in your priorities? Are you actively looking at some of these facilities coming out of pharma, or how should we think about you handicapping that versus M&A or other priorities?
James C. Foster: In terms of the asset transfers, its not something that were necessarily looking to do. Were willing to look at those opportunities as our clients present them to us, and they will and have been presenting them to us. They have to really work for us in order for us to take on particularly given the capacity situation right now. There has to be a substantial book of business for a long period of time, and it would have to be in a geographic locale that we currently are not in, and it would have to be very favorable. Having said that, we dont want to anticipate what the deals will like without seeing them. I think theyll all be different. Some of the facilities will be too large and too old and too nonproductive for us and others may make some sense. So well rank order it to the extent that if its important to our clients, its something that were willing to talk to them about. I dont think its mutually exclusive with other things that were able to do. We continue to look at M&A to fill in our pipeline, but the best scenario for us from an asset transfer point of view is for our clients to either use those assets or something else for us to close them, and for them to use the existing capacity in the system, either from Charles River or others. Actually, that would be the best results for the clients as well because were likely to be able to do the work more efficiently and probably at a lower cost for them if they outsource it to our facilities, but that may not be the way they see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank:   In terms of the models business, if we rewind to the last time we had a series of pharma M&A mergers, whether it was Sanofi-Aventis or Pfizer-Warner Lambert or Pfizer-Pharmacia, what was the reaction in that business both on announcement and then during the quarter of closure? Was the disruption felt more in the initial phases when they were doing the integration planning or was it when actually we saw the facility rationalizations and some of the headcount and there was possibly a freeze at some point post the close?
James C. Foster: Historical ones are not necessarily indicative of what were seeing now or what we will see, but I will see that question anyway and then tell you what we actually think is going to happen. Typically, we see some disruption during the post-announcement and pre-close depending on how much overlap there is from a therapeutic area point of view, and we tended in the old days post-merger to have research model businesses pretty constant. Since we have a majority share with most of the clients, one company acquiring another for instance doesnt typically benefit us. Whats going on right now is that in one of the big mergers where this is occurring, and I wont tell you whether its the one thats closed or not, weve seen a substantial reduction in purchases pretty much in the beginning of the year, so potentially we wont see a huge dramatic change in the upcoming months. To the extent that we do have an overall reduction in purchases from the four companies that became two, and thats possible, we think that its likely to be offset by increase in our progress sales and toxicology business begins to come back, so its likely that that will get washed out in the next.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Is it possible, Jim, as well that some of the stimulus related sales helped to kind of cushion that as well as that sort of flows through in the same timeframe?
James C. Foster: It could. Were actually a lit bit surprised that were not seeing stimulus sales flow through now, so yes, definitely we could begin to see that by around the first quarter.
Operator: Do you have any closing comments?
Susan E. Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning, and this concludes the conference call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 13:53:06) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP, IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: John Kreger - William Blair Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company Ricky Goldwasser - UBS Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Greg Bolan - Wachovia Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River 2008 Earnings and 2009 Guidance Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead. 
Susan Hardy:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' 2008 earnings and 2009 guidance conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our fourth quarter and full-year 2008 results and provide guidance for 2009. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website, at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 981036.  The replay will be available through February 24. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K which was filed on February 20, 2008, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures which exclude among other items the goodwill impairment we reported in the fourth quarter of 2008. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I would like to begin by reviewing the '08 results and we will then discuss our '09 guidance with you. We reported sales of $311.4 million in the fourth quarter of '08, a decline of 2.1% over the fourth quarter of '07, while an increase of 2% when adjusted for foreign exchange. The increase was driven by the Research Models and Services or RMS business segment which increased 5.3% to $152.8 million and increased 7.4% in constant dollars. Preclinical Services or PCS increased 8.3% to $158.6 million. We are excluding the effective foreign exchange which reduced the PCS growth rate by 600 basis points in the quarter, the decline was 2.3%.  Operating Income for the quarter was $59.2 million and the operating margin was 19% compared to 20.7% reported in the fourth quarter of '07. The operating margin decrease was primarily the result of lower sales growth and higher operating cost associated with our RMS and PCS expansions.   Earnings per diluted share were $0.59 in the fourth quarter compared to $0.65 in the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter of '08 was a difficult period and we like most others didnt anticipate the extent to which the global economic crisis and the pharmaceutical market challenges would impact us. That said, even in this period of macroeconomic slowdown, we did post some impressive gains for the year. RMS delivered organic sales growth of approximately 10.5% resulting in total company net sales growth of 7.4% for '08, primarily as a result of higher sales. EPS rose 10.3% to $2.89, despite an increase in the average number of shares outstanding. We generated $82 million of free cash flow and are financially strong with a sound balance sheet. This is the significant advantage during a period of economic turmoil. I am also pleased to say that we completed the final leg of our three year major capital expansion plan at the end of '08. As a result of that plan, we have two brand new state-of-the-art facilities located on the East and West Coast of the United States, which in addition to our existing facilities in Montreal and Edinburgh position us extremely well to accommodate the global demand of Preclinical Outsource Services when it intensifies. Before reviewing our outlook for '09, I would like to briefly summarize the business segment performance. Sales for our RMS segment rose 5.3% in the fourth quarter to $152.8 million when adjusted for the negative effect of foreign exchange to sale of the Mexican Vaccine business and the acquisition of MIR, organic growth was 7.8%.  The production business held up very well in the quarter, although, constant dollar sales growth slowed somewhat in Europe The bellwether U.S. business again reported 10% sales growth. As a result of the case in the third quarter, strong sales growth for immunodeficient and other mouse strains, offset slower sales for CD rat. Sales through academic, government and biotech clients drove the growth which supports our belief that drug discovery and early development are ongoing, and the resulting compounds' biologics will ultimately make their way through the government process.  Sales for the service businesses were up in the quarter driven by our consulting and staffing services business and the acquisition of MIR. Our Genetically Engineered Models and Services, or GEMS business was down from the fourth quarter of '07. This was a result of more measured spending by pharma and biotech clients particularly in the United States. Our in vitro business delivered strong growth in the quarter due primarily to sales in the PTS product and the new multi-cartridge reader or MCS.  We exceeded our goals for this business in '08 both in terms of units sold and new customers added. We have an opportunity to take market share with this exceptional product-line and are focusing our attention on that goal. The PTS has been a great competitive differentiator for us because its exceptionally well positioned to address the market for lot release test. The FDA and other regulatory agencies are increasing the regulatory guidelines for manufacturing whether they address specific markets such as nuclear pharmacies or global requirements such as the PAT initiative, the PTS is the ideal product to assist drug manufacturers in meeting the guidelines.  Based on the strength of the PTS product line, the competitive landscape and our plans for continuous innovation, we continue to believe this very profitable business will deliver strong growth for sometime to come.  The RMS operating margin declined 30 basis points to 27.3% compared to 27.6% in the fourth quarter of '07. As was the case in the third quarter, the two factors which affected the margin was the increasing influence of services and higher operating costs. The facility expansions in California and Maryland impacted operating costs as did commodity and energy prices. Fortunately energy prices moderated towards the end of the year as did some commodities. The growth in services and particularly our consulting and staffing services business puts pressure on the RMS margin because although many of the service margins are robust; they are not comparable to the product margin.  As we continue to expand our portfolio of high-end services to support the use of models in research, it is likely that this pressure will continue. However, in vitro margins are also quite high, so if both the services and in vitro businesses grow, they effectively offset each other. This leads us to believe that we will be able to maintain the RMS margin in the 30% range over the longer term. The RMS business remains a consistent driver of our sales and earnings growth as was demonstrated again in the fourth quarter of '08. Our Research Models and Services are critical components of our client's ability to successfully launch new therapies. We provide the largest number of widely used models and have the most extensive range of scientific services to support our client's use of models and research. We are continuing to add to our capabilities, both through internal development and through strategic acquisitions such as MIR Preclinical Services. We will continue to expand our RMS portfolio strategically adding products and services which enhance our ability to support our clients, drug discovery and development assets. The PCS segment reported sales of $158.6 million in the fourth quarter, a decline of 8.3% from the fourth quarter of '07. When adjusted for the negative effect of foreign exchange and the NewLab acquisition, the net sales decline was 4.9%. This is a high fixed cost business. So, lower capacity utilization quickly translates to a lower margin. In the fourth quarter of '08, PCS margin declined to 18.2% compared to 20.6% in the fourth quarter of '07. The decline was primarily due to the PCS market weakness, but also to cost associated with our capacity expansion program, particularly in Nevada and China. As we discussed with you in November when we reported the third quarter, we were experiencing a rapid deceleration of market demand for outsourced services, as large pharmaceutical companies reprioritized pipelines and restructured their operations in order to drive down the cost of drug development. These unprecedented actions of so many of our clients interrupted normal spending patterns, so while our clients continued to spend on outsourced services, they did so in a very deliberate and measured manner. With capacity readily available, clients continued to postpone placement of studies and pricing was still a negotiating point for many. We also began to experience weakness in the biotech sector as these companies were increasingly unable to access capital. These patterns persisted through the end of '08 and into the first quarter of '09, which has led to a slow start to the year. And as is usually the case, some pharmaceutical companies finalized their purchasing decisions for the year in January, and are just beginning to commence the studies. As a result, demand has began to strengthen in the last few weeks which would suggest a slightly better second quarter. We expect to have better visibility as we move to the balance of the first quarter. But based on current trends we expect the market to be stronger in the second half of the year. Based on our view of the market, we are estimating '09 earnings per share in the range of $2.30 to $2.60 which is based on sales growth in a range between negative 2% and negative 7%. This range includes the 5% impact from foreign exchange. So it would represent the range from negative 2% to positive 3% in constant dollars. Tom, will give you more detail about our exposure to various currencies shortly.  Excluding foreign exchange, we expect RMS sales to be flat to an increase of 5%. And PCS sales growth to range between negative 3% and plus 2%. We expect lower sales growth for the RMS business in '09 due primarily to weak demand for out bred rats used in toxicology and also due to softer demand and services. Like PCS, the first quarter had started slowly, price increases and research models implemented at the beginning of the year that provided some offset and consistent with our view of preclinical demand we expect unit growth for out bred rats to improve later in the year.  Because the operating margins are very sensitive to volume they will be impacted by lower sales growth in '09. We expect the total company margin to be in the high teen with the RMS margin slightly and the PCS margin meaningfully below '08 level. In addition, to the volume effect the PCS margin is also being pressured by our China operation. We have had to postpone GLP validation by one quarter in China due to local permitting and construction delays. So, it will not generate the sales we had initially planned. By the time of our November conference call we had already assessed our available capacity and decided to limit further expansion. As you know, we evaluate all of our in-process projects to determine when and how much capacity should be brought on line.  To review, our decision led to complete Sherbrooke and to delay Ohio until 2010. We have not changed that plan although we are experiencing a one quarter construction delay in Sherbrooke. Between maintenance spending and our limited expansion requirement we estimate that capital spending in '09 will be in the range of $100 million to $120 million. This will boost our free cash flow in '09 to a range of $130 million to $160 million compared to approximately $80 million in '08. We are using this period of market uncertainty to streamline our operations and improve our operating efficiency.  We implemented a few actions in the fourth quarter including a hire increase, tight control of discretionary spending, a limited management restructuring and the closure of the small RMS site in Hungary. In the first quarter of '09, we have initiated a salary freeze for a substantial percentage of our workforce including all incentive eligible employees. We will also implement a headcount reduction which will affect approximately 3% of our total workforce. These reductions will occur predominantly in the PCS business with the largest number coming from the Arkansas facility which we intend to close by the end of the year. We expect this decision will enhance our operating infrastructure because it will enable us to focus on improving utilization of our larger and particularly our newer facilities, as a result of these actions we expect to reduce our operating cost by approximately $20 million in '09 with an annual run rate of $25 million beginning in 2010.  We have also decided to pursue strategic alternatives for our Phase I operation in Edinburgh. Currently, we have identified a perspective buyer and are engaged in preliminary discussions to divest the business. To further enhance our operating efficiency, we are continuing to implement a Lean Six Sigma initiative which we refer to as APEX or Accelerating Performance Excellence.  The Charles River culture has always encouraged continuous improvement and we are embracing Six Sigma, because it provides us with a set of tools to enhance that process. We have chosen a number of our high potential employees to be trained as black belts and green belts and are dedicating them to the APEX project. They will be mentored through the first year by SSA and Company, a leading Six Sigma Consultant Group.  Our expectations for efficiency gains in the first year of APEX are moderate, but we believe that the gains will increase significantly going forward. Our guidance for 2009 reflects our expectations that software markets demand particularly for Preclinical Services will persist at least until mid-year. It takes into consideration the potential consolidations of our pharmaceutical client, although experience has shown that acquisitions ultimately result in more outsourcing as companies seek to reduce their fixed overheads. We fully expect this to continue to be the case although it may well be short-term disruption. It's worth noting that our assertion that no single client represents more than 5% of our total sales will still be true under all of the current publicly disclosed acquisition scenarios. Our pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients are undergoing a period of unprecedented challenge and change as they strive to bring new therapies to market faster and more effectively than in the past. This has led to the current challenges in our business but it is now also our belief that this environment is temporary and that our clients will continue to outsource drug development services in order to improve the efficiency of their drug pipelines. We have a unique portfolio of products and services. In fact, we are the only provider in the industry positioned to offer a solution to expand the entire spectrum from lead compound selection through IND. I have had a number of meetings with senior management of our largest clients to discuss opportunities to meaningfully broaden our partnerships with them and we are encouraged by this opportunity. Our value proposition is aimed at exactly what our clients need to achieve their goal, scientific expertise, flexible staffing and facilities and lower operating cost. Charles River remains a strong company, focused on its core competencies of laboratory animal medicine and science in regulatory compliance with medical services. We are a market leader in all major business areas, all of which have high barrier to entry. We are continuously evolving our unique portfolio to enhance our ability to meet client needs and have expanded our geographic footprints to support them wherever they are. As Tom will expand upon, our balance sheet is strong, we are highly liquid and our capital structure is conservative, giving us the power to weather this period of softer demand. We intend to emerge from this period as a leaner, more efficient operation, and combined with our gene scientific expertise to enhance our position as an ideal partner for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. During this complex and challenging economic times I particularly want to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their continuing support.  Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman:  Thank you, Jim. First, let me remind you that I will speak primarily to non-GAAP results which exclude the goodwill impairment, acquisition related amortization and charges related to asset impairment; cost savings actions, repatriation and other items. This morning my remarks primarily focus on two important elements, our 2009 financial guidance and our balance sheet. For 2009, we have opted to provide wider ranges for both sales and EPS guidance from prior years, in order to encompass the uncertainty in our markets from the reduced visibility into preclinical demand, pending potential merger activity among our pharmaceutical clients.  Reported sales are expected to decrease between 2% to 7%, which includes negative foreign exchange impact of 5% based on current exchange rates. The net effect of acquisitions and divestitures including the planed divestitures of our Phase I clinic in Edinburgh added less than 1% growth for the year. The organic sales growth is expected to be in a range from growth of 2% to a decline of 3%. Based on these sales assumptions, we expect 2009 non-GAAP EPS to be in a range of $2.30 to $2.60. And the components of this range include the impact of lower sales and operating income, a negative $0.12 per share impact from foreign exchange and below the line item such as increased net interest expense and a higher tax rate. These are expected to be partially offset by the cost savings and a lower share count. I will now outline each of these factors in more detail.  Foreign exchange has a significant impact on our guidance in 2009. Our guidance is based on current foreign exchange rates and does not include the impact of future movements that these rates will have on our results.  You can get a sense of the magnitude of our sales exposure from the geographic distribution of our 2008 sales. Approximately 60% of our total sales were generated in US dollars, 16% are invoiced in euros and 10% are derived in British pounds. Sales in Canadian dollars represented another 6% and the only other currency we really have notable exposure is the Japanese Yen which represents approximately 5% of sales.  For budget purposes, we have used current rates as of last week which are as follows; the euro at 130, the British pound at 1.42, the Canadian dollar at 0.825 and the Yen at 91 yen per dollar. The British pound and Canadian dollar exposures are primarily related to our preclinical facilities in Edinburgh and Montreal, so the foreign exchange impact is expected to have a greater impact on PCS in 2009 representing an FX reduction of nearly 7% compared to a 3% reduction to RMS sales.  Foreign exchange typically has a more muted impact in operating income EPS as the FX impact on sales generally drops down at less than the margin range. This is because we are naturally hedged at all our facilities with the exception of PCS Montreal and the Canadian dollar impact tends to have an offsetting effect with all currencies moving tandem. We expect this to hold through in 2009 and at the rates I just mentioned, foreign exchange will reduce 2009 sales by approximately $70 million and operating income by approximately $11 million or $0.12 per share. Foreign exchange is expected to have a far greater negative dollar impact on us than in other period in memory as a result of the extreme currency volatility we have been experiencing. With this information, you can model your own FX assumptions based upon your view of how the dollar will fare against other major global currencies this year. In light of the challenging market environment in 2009, we believe we are taking the appropriate and necessary actions internally to make our operations leaner and more efficient without sacrificing the ability to fully accommodate our clients' outsourcing needs in the future.  As Jim discussed, cost saving actions are expected to reduce our operating cost by $20 million in 2009 and annual run rate of $25 million beginning in 2010. To complete these actions, we expect to incur charges of approximately $9 million or $0.08 per share of which approximately 60% will be cash charges. These charges which will be excluded from non-GAAP reserves will primarily be incurred in the first quarter of 2009. Unallocated corporate cost totaled $53.7 million or 4% of sales in 2008.  Fourth quarter unallocated corporate expense of $11.4 million was slightly lower than expected. The anticipated increase in global IT cost was more than offset by a sequential decline in healthcare and things related costs. Looking ahead to 2009 we expect unallocated corporate cost to be approximately 4.5% of sales with a range of plus or minus 25 basis points. This represents a modest increase year-over-year due primarily to our investment and global IT initiatives, outpacing normal inflationary cost increases.  In recent years, our corporate unallocated costs have been weighted towards the first half of the year as healthcare improved related expenses have been lower in the second half. Net interest expense of $5.3 million in 2008 was inline with expectations. In 2009, non-GAAP net interest expense is estimated in a range of $9 million to $11 million. This has roughly doubled the 2008 level primarily driven by lower interest income and cash balances as well as lower capitalized interest on projects. Interest income is expected to decline due primarily to lower interest rates. For the first quarter we are adopting the economy change required by FSP APB 14-1 related to convertible debts and we will exclude the incremental GAAP interest expense of $10 million or $0.10 per share from our non-GAAP results in 2009. We will also be required to reclassify a portion of $350 million of convertible debt on our balance sheet as shareholders equity, related to the bifurcation of debt and equities that APB 14-1 requires. This accounting change has no cash or economic impact, and we expect to remain in compliance with our debt covenants. The convertible debt was not diluted to our share count in fourth quarter, as our average share price was below 48.9 [into a threshold]. Because the convertible was diluted for the first three quarters of 2008, the average share count for the year was 2 million shares higher than the fourth quarter. In addition, all those in line have the right to convert their notes of their shares during the first quarter as the stock price triggered for these rights was not met at the end of the fourth quarter. Other expense rose to $5.9 million in 2008, including $3.4 million in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the loss and investments associated with our deferred compensation plan which we discussed in our third quarter call. We generally do not budget for other expense since gains and losses and the investments associated with our deferred compensation plan are correlated with market returns and are unpredictable. The non-GAAP tax rate was 27.3% in 2008 and 26.7% in the fourth quarter. In 2009 we expect the tax rate will increase by approximately 200 to 300 basis points to 29.5% to 30.5%. Increased rate is primarily due to loss of R&D tax credits in Canada, result of both of our efforts to reduce our currency mix by getting more sales in Canadian dollars and increasing request from PCS Montreal clients to claim RMB benefits. General tax items were excluded from our non-GAAP results during the fourth quarter, the first item was $1.9 million charge associated with a recently enacted Massachusetts tax law change. The second item was a $4 million benefit related to our anticipated repatriation of approximately $90 million in accumulated foreign earnings in the first quarter of 2009. A portion of these foreign earnings will be repatriated via a dividend and distribution resulting in a US excess foreign tax credit benefit. As you know, the majority of our cash is held abroad, so bringing this amount of cash back will enhance our liquidity in the U.S.  As we disclosed in the press release, we recorded a goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter based on management's annual assessment of goodwill. As a result of this assessment, we will require to revalue the fixed assets, goodwill and intangible assets on our balance sheet at fair value.  Based on our analysis, we have recorded a non-cash charge of $700 million which has been excluded from non-GAAP results. There was no impact to cash flow, all of our debt covenants and only a small tax benefit of $2.9 million related to the impairment. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 800,000 shares of common stock at an average price of $31 per share representing a total cost of approximately $25 million. As of December 27, we had approximately $187 million remaining under our current buyback authorization and expect to continue to repurchase shares under the 10B5-1 programs that we have in place. We expect these purchases to further reduce our share count from the 67 million shares outstanding at the end of the fourth quarter, but the exact share count for 2008-09 remains dependant on our stock price and corresponding level of repurchases under the 10B5-1. There were two changes to our capital structure during the fourth quarter. First, the goodwill impairment translated into a corresponding reduction to retained earnings, which lower shareholders' equity. As a result, our total capitalization stood approximately $1.8 billion at the end of the year.  We also improved on an additional $42 million in our revolver in the fourth quarter and at the end of 2008, had an outstanding balance of $90 million. With total debt of $576 million or 1.7 times 2008 non-GAAP EBITDA, we believe our conservative capital structure, existing credit facility, and ability to generate cash flow will be more than sufficient to meet our near-term funding requirements.  Cash and equivalents including short and long-term marketable securities were $263 million at the end of 2008 versus $289 million at the end of 2007. However, our cash position improved sequentially compared to $233 million at the end of the third quarter.  Fourth quarter accounts receivable declined to $210 million. DSO remained relatively stable and within our target range at 40 days compared to 41 days at the end of the third quarter, but below 35 days at the end of 2007.  Credit risk has become an increased area of focus in light of the global financial crisis and particularly its effect in our small biotech lines. We continue to actively manage our receivables, continuously monitor our clients credit risk profiles and require stringent approvals before extending credit to our client. As a result of these activities, we believe that we have significantly reduced our risk related to client as evidenced by the fact that we increased our bad debt reserve by less than $1 million in 2008.  We continue to generate approximately 20% of our sales from small biotech classified with a market cap of less than $1 billion to smaller private companies. However, we believe this number greatly overestimates our exposure to at-risk clients. Further analysis indicates that the actual exposure is less than 5% of our sales. We ended 2008 with free cash flow of $82 million slightly above our expectations and ahead of $61 million in 2007.  In 2009, we expect a meaningful increase in free cash flow to a range of $130 million to $160 million driven by a significant decline in capital expenditures. CapEx is expected to decline from $197 million in 2008 to an estimated range of $100 million to $120 million in 2009. Nearly two-thirds of 2009 CapEx will be related to maintenance projects as we have completed our major expansion projects.  We expect depreciation expense in 2009 of approximately $56 million, an increase of approximately $5 million from 2008 primarily reflecting a full year of depreciation at the new Nevada facility and smaller facilities that opened in 2008.  We expect 2009 amortization expense to decline to $26 million or $0.26 per share based on current exchange rates. Foreign exchange rates will be the primary driver behind the $4 million decline in 2008. As we look at our expected performance in 2009, we expect the first quarter to be the low point for the year, and non-GAAP EPS in the first quarter to be approximately 10% below the fourth quarter of 2008.  We expect both the RMS and PCS segments to report lower sales in the first quarter of 2008 partially due to the significant FX headwinds. Preclinical sales are expected to decline sequentially as well as study delays and constrained client spending continue to impede results. In the RMS segment, we expect sales to show sequential improvement from the seasonally weak fourth quarter despite a slower start this year.  Our business plans for 2009 factors in a challenging year for global economy and uncertainty for many of our pharmaceutical and biotech clients. We view 2009 as a year to transition our business to a more cost efficient and leaner organization while continuing to build upon the strength of our balance sheet and cash generation capability. This will undoubtedly leave us in a stronger position to compete when the economy and client demand improves.  Our focus on improving operating efficiency and delivering value to our clients, further aligns Charles River as a key partner to accelerate their drug development goals. That concludes our remarks. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we will go to line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair: Thanks very much. Jim, you mentioned in your remarks that of your outbred rat business was down giving it's tied off the toxicology business. Could you just expand upon that a bit and give us a sense of your model business? What percentage is generally tied to a toxicology work versus other uses?
Jim Foster:  It's probably close to half, John, it could be a little bit less than that. That isnt consistent necessarily from year-to-year, but I think over the long-term we are seeing about half the animals used for discovery and half used to serve development purposes. Obviously, it has an impact, it correlates pretty closely. You should get some relative early indicator, confirmatory indicator that tox is firming up as we see research model purchases strengthen, perhaps a quarter in advance or so. And we will get a sense of that for the whole industry. So, its a very good guideline for us.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. And I think, you also said that you were seeing some signs recently in the last few weeks firming up in your business. Can you just elaborate a bit, is that coming in, in the form of better orders, fewer delays or perhaps commentary from those client meetings you mentioned? 
Jim Foster:
 : Combination of all, inquiry levels have been extremely low in the past, at least two quarters maybe three quarters. And they became increasingly slow. And so, it started the quarter slow as well as several of our preclinical locations. We are beginning to see inquiry levels increase substantially or meaningfully at many of our locations. The second quarter as we said in the prepared remarks certainly looks stronger. That's a very good sign. What we dont know of course, is will that continue to be steady slippage as we saw very much through much of '08, where now that we have inquiry levels so we had booked orders and they continue to slide sometimes from month-to-month and sometimes quarter-to-quarter.  So inquiries were up substantially as we were able to close that business and hold on to it. That will serve the combining metric for us. And again given the fact that there are large number of preclinical molecules awaiting development given the fact that the drug industry does for a living and given the fact that they didnt do it much of that in '08 as perhaps they would have liked to or should have, it's not yet. They are going to get back to developing them, it's when we believe we are seeing some really strengthening signs that they will do that. Thats definitely buttressed by our conversations with very senior people as we also said, we've had a large number of those conversations already. We have several more scheduled to this month and we will continue to do so, and I am talking about the top two or three persons in the drug company. So we are talking about long-term strategy, we are talking about the utilization of outsourced services, how much work they will do inside, what types of work they consider core versus the type of work that they are comfortable finding the strategic outsourcing partner, what they are building or not, how they are going to utilize their internal resources in terms of asset shutdowns or other things.  So, I would say a combination of those conversations, the firming up of work, the necessity to get back to work and a sort of leveling of the competitive playing field in terms of capacity build-out and the price point definitely points to a strengthening second quarter, slightly strengthened second quarter and a stronger back-half of the year. 
John Kreger - William Blair: Thanks very much. 
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Douglas Tsao with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital:  Hi. Good morning. Jim, I was just hoping you could provide some context regarding the hold-back that you spoke about having seen in the GEMS business this quarter. Are we seeing something of similar magnitude to what occurred in the 2005-2006 period or is the pull back more modest and if could you also sort of elaborate in terms of similarities to what occurred then and the differences to what occurred then?
Jim Foster:  The prior slowdown that we saw was much more dramatic, with major rationalization of models across the whole range of clients. It also demonstrates some dissatisfaction with the quality of the models and their predictable translational value. So, what we are seeing now is something pretty much entirely different. We are seeing definitely cost sensitivity across all of our clients. So, I think they are going to evaluate what they outsource, what they dont and the utilization of these models. But we are seeing a greater acceptance and clients are definitely more pleased with the quality of the models. The models are much more refined, much more sophisticated and tend to apparently have better predicted value. So, the commentary which was around genetically altered models was more questionable I would say a few years ago. Now there is a great focus on them, there is actually some resurgence in the creation of the model by our clients, they tend to be multi-genetic so the are much more complex.  And I think we are seeing now just slight rationalization of the portfolios and we are seeing strength in different geographic locales which also gives us the confidence to recognize the fact that these models are deemed to be important discovery tools for our clients. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And Tom, you commented that you saw less than 5% of your customer base as being at risk. I was just hoping if you could provide a little more detail in terms of what you are defining as an at-risk client. 
Tom Ackerman: Doug, we took a look at approximately 250 of our clients that we felt fell into that category of smaller companies, biotechs, etcetera. And actually in conjunction with our own available data, as well as Standard & Poor's, basically we looked at those that we thought had capitalization with appropriate cash on hand and things like that to essentially winnow down the large number into companies that we felt would probably be more at risk in terms of continuing relationship for sales.  Companies that may cut back on sales because they are looking to stretch out cash flow from 12 months to 2 years or possibly companies based on their size that may not exist in business for that much longer.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital:  Okay. Yes, thats helpful. I will hop out for now. Thank you very much for taking question.
Tom Ackerman:  Thanks Doug.  
Operator: And next we go to line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. First question relates to the company's plans with clinical pharmacology moving ahead. Clearly, Edinburgh has been a challenge for sometime, but we understood Northwest Kinetics was actually doing quite well. Should we read into this that you plan to keep the Northwest Kinetics business and would you have future plans to expand Phase I, if you find a site that you are more comfortable with?
Jim Foster:  Yeah Eric, this is a very disparate operation. At one point, they were both performing extremely well and the regulatory environment in the UK was challenging and remained challenging for us. In the early days we also had some currency arbitrage pressures. And I would say, looking at not just our location but the competitive locations, I think everybody has the same situation. So, it's just not a viable business strategy for us continue the Scottish facility going forward. Northwest Kinetics, we have been very pleased with the progression and development of that site. It was a new facility when we bought it, reasonably large facility amongst the Phase I players. We filled it up nicely with very high value studies and a loyal and repetitive customer base; some in the West Coast, but not entirely, it's a worldwide base as well. We still believe in the strategic benefit of having Phase 1. We are experiencing some pull through effect from preclinical to Phase I. In fact, some of that is with some of our larger clients. So, yes, if and as we find Phase I facilities that are of extremely high quality and high signs and are in the right geographic locale. And we think that they yet or they can complement our current preclinical portfolio, then we would be likely to do add something in. We certainly wouldnt be reluctant also to add something off shore along the same line.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird:  Thanks. Shifting gears, research models, you had a fairly noticeable price increase in your US catalog for models this year. I suspect that Europe was less and Japan was flattish in terms of pricing. Could we get a weighted global average for your expectations of research model pricing contribution in 2009?
Jim Foster:  That's probably 3% to 4% and as you say U.S. was always historically and this year stronger, Europe less so and Japan price increases have historically been on more of a periodic basis although not necessarily as a case this year. So, across the worldwide RMS global business we are probably seeing 3% to 4%.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird:  Great. Last question relates to in vitro, continues to put up a great growth rate and be a driver for performance in the RMS segment. We felt we understood from a recent conference or presentation that you made though that the growth rate has flowed to the high-teens down from the low to mid-20s. Could you just update us on what the growth rate was in the fourth quarter and what the outlook is for 2009?
Tom Ackerman:
 : Well it was in the high teens, we dont consider that any sort of meaningful slowdown, its increasingly off of a higher base. Its a very strong franchise, we are clearly the market leader. We continue to take share and continue to convert clients from our historical technology over to the PTS technology, and also the up tick in the disposables or the cartridges is increasing nicely. So, we continue to be very optimistic about that product line and going forward both in terms of making a meaningful contribution to sales growth as well as margin contribution. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: So, we would be looking for a mid teens to high teens growth in 2009 is that still in the target? 
Tom Ackerman: Yes, I think we anticipate similar growth rates to what we saw in the back-half of this year. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: And next we will go to line of Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead. 
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company:  Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Jim, are you seeing a noticeable difference in demand levels for specially toxicology services versus general toxicology, either you answer it that way or in terms of your ability to maintain utilization levels in the respective pieces?
Jim Foster: Yes we have seen a slowdown pretty much across the Board for the last few quarters. I would say that we are seeing strengthening now in terms of inquiry levels and demand again across the portfolio. So, we have a strong and unique portfolio for which clients seek us out both because of the geography or the specialty nature or indeed a fill-in for general toxin. I dont think that trend has continued. I think the new facilities will be very beneficial to us. Places like Montreal which has significantly high compilation of specialty services continue to be in strong demand going forward. So, I think as the market invigorates, we will continue to see increased demand across all of what we do. 
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, and Eric touched on Edinburgh Phase I a little bit, was there I think the longer term thought process there and dating back to the prior owner was the opportunity to pull clients through talks in the Edinburgh area and into Phase I close by. What factors I guess caused that not to pan out?
Jim Foster: I mean that was certainly the case early on, I think it was in large measure the nature of the client base that impacted that, the fact that clients that we had previously were doing business with us and perhaps other people in the states and elsewhere. Even at a lighter volume, we still did see some pull through but not as much as we had seen in previous years. So, it's really a function of demand, client mix, availability of business from the US that really impacted kind of the basis of the bargain at that location and our ability to be able to use it as strategically as we have been in our Northwest Kinetics site. 
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And Tom, on tax rate, I think you mentioned that, the lack of an R&D tax credit in Canada is a factor there and I also understand something about your FX impact as it relates to Montreal having an impact on the tax rate. I didnt quite understand that.
Tom Ackerman: No, the primary impact, Dave, is the not lack but slightly reduced R&D credit in Canada versus last year, the same to a smaller extent in Edinburgh as well. And in Canada, it's because we are seeing more clients profess a desire to be billed in Canada and capture some of those credits themselves. The other thing thats a little bit at play is just our earnings mix will change a little bit more favorable to the US which of course we have a higher tax rate in the U.S.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you. I will drop out, thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Ricky Goldwasser with UBS, please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Hi, good morning. I know you said that the guidance assumes potential consolidation. Can you just be more specific if you are factoring in whats already was announced or also potential additional deals. And then assuming that Pfizer Wyeth closes in the third quarter, would the impact be greater than 2010? And then lastly what would be the EPS impact if there is no pick up in the second half of the year and is that factored to low end of guidance range, and if not what is the sensitivity on the EPS? 
Jim Foster:  Our guidance does really anticipate the consolidation through mergers that have at least been announced and identifies and maybe more of course, but the ones that are publicly teed out. We typically always in our RMS operating plan assume because it's been the case over the last few years that there will be some merger and we have an operating margin contingency to protect us against that. And of course, we started the year with that as well this year.  So guidance does anticipate that there will be the consolidations at least that we know of. We studied our current volume of business with those clients carefully and tried to prognosticate what the impact would be from the consolidation. It's always a little bit difficult to call it, because every single one of them historically has been different, but we would expect by and large some short-term slowdown in purchases across all of our products; research models as well as pre-clinical, by one or both of the combined entities, usually one, and a significant pickup in service demand into next year. So certainly, we anticipate both of these deals will be done sometime in '09, last half of the question?
Tom Ackerman:  Last half of the question, I think was about sensitivity to the second half of the year Ricky?
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Yeah.
Jim Foster:  And I wouldn't want to be too specific on the answer, but let me try to answer it this way. We set a wider range of EPS in part, because of some of the uncertainty that exists out there. So I think our range itself suggests some level of uncertainty in terms of the recovery, the timing, the liquidity and things like that. Clearly, if we dont see a recovery as we progress through the year, we will have to continue to reassess the structure of the company and how we are organized and our particular infrastructure and take appropriate actions. But at this time as we said, we are anticipating a stronger second half of the year and will have to, as the year plays out, obviously get more visibility and decide if we are taking the appropriate steps in the company. Anything else?
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: So just to clarify, the 230 still assumed to pickup in the second half, or assumes a partial pick up?
Tom Ackerman:  Well, it's like I said really, we have a wide EPS range anticipating the volatility in the marketplace and the visibility that we have, its not as easy to predict exactly what will happen as we have had historically. So I think, we have talked about pharmaceutical mergers, which was the first part of your question. Obviously that could play into our numbers, the timing, the pace of the recovery could play into our numbers. That's primarily the reason for the wider range, we could experience some disruptions in our costs, while I don't expect commodity prices to trend upward dramatically in the near-term. They are always unpredictable, so the range doesnt necessarily cover or encompass every single outcome nor is it intended to be necessarily. If nothing better happens or nothing worse happens, it's sort of our best range for where we think things will be at this time giving a little bit more wider breadth to that.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Okay, thank you. 
Tom Ackerman:  Thank you, Ricky.
Operator:  And next well go to the line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Hi, great. Thanks, just a couple of questions. Tom, in terms of the PCS margin, I think you had talked and you gave a lot of detail in the disclosure. Where do you see that margin hitting from a low perspective? You talked about it being down from the 18.2%, I think meaningfully lower, but I guess where does that go to and then how do we think about when that starts to ramp back up?
Tom Ackerman: Well, we didn't say exactly what we thought it would be in Q1, so by default I won't be too specific on that other than to say, we will come down from Q4, and as Jim said, we will come down meaningfully. Some of the reasons for that are obviously the headwinds in terms of sales; we mentioned that sales would be down sequentially that puts some pressure on the number. While we are taking costs actions, we are taking those literally as we speak, so this is almost the middle of February, so it will have some impact on Q1, but obviously is going to play back with our price reductions. And we are opening up our Sherbrooke facility a little bit later, but still we are opening that up during the first quarter; we brought on our Shanghai facility during the fourth quarter. So we are seeing some increased in costs as well because of those. So Q1 should be the low point for the year, and as Jim said, demand seems to firming up a little bit. Hopefully we will start to see a slight sequential pickup as we move through the year, and then a large recovery in the back half of the year. The cost benefits will have a larger impact obviously in Q2, Q3 and Q4, so I think Q1 will be the low point and then we should pick up from there, Randall. 
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay, how much of the cost benefit, the $20 million I think you talked about this year, how much of that falls in PCS versus RMS?
Tom Ackerman: Yeah we didn't say, but certainly based on the headcount reductions, which Jim mentioned primarily with PCS, the vast majority of that would be PCS.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay
Tom Ackerman: Over 75% just as a watermark.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then my last question. I want to go back to the utilization theme. As you think about, I guess first what is the utilization? And then the other part of that is, as you think about ramping that utilization back up, how much of that is pulling forward business that you currently have booked. In other words, moving ahead with projects and avoiding some of the slippage versus the need to go out and bring new business into PCS.
Tom Ackerman: Well, of course the closure of Arkansas should help our utilization, and we are obviously working with those clients, there will be a ramp down of the facility itself as we complete studies and things like that. Our utilization is not at our ideal level right now; obviously it's not at 50% or however either. So it's really somewhat less than what we would like it to be, but not horrific. And one of the things that we didnt express is, while we are taking a number of actions, we are still trying to preserve a lot of the key talent that we have and infrastructure that we have, so that we don't put ourselves in a position where recovery starts to occur in the second and third quarter, and was actually cut deep. So I think we have taken appropriate actions, but we are still maintaining quite a resident level of expertise, so that we can continue to do that work in a meaningful way as it comes back. So, I think its a combination of those factors Randall, managing our capacity aggressively and that's really one of the keys in terms of driving the margin backup.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. I guess the question is, is there a way to place, how much importance does that bringing in new business, in other words, new contracts in PCS versus the slippage issue, which I assume a lot better visibility around mid-to-late March?
Jim Foster:  We are continuously bringing new business, Randall, all the time. So it is indeed important not just to meliorate the slippage, but just to fill capacity and have a better, have larger role of satisfying our client, so we have a lot of repeat business and lot of loyal clients of large pharma and biotech in multiple locales. We certainly are hopeful that the slippage is going to continue to dissipate as they really have to get back to developing new compounds by the same token, should be given in geographic locale of our two larger sort of rebuild facilities in the East and West coast that the huge number of clients out there that are locals that we are actively talking to and working with the service. We just got a new dedicated resource agreement with one of them in our Massachusetts facility for long-term arrangement and we think there more of those. So certainly it's a combination of servicing our current clients consistently and brining on new ones as well.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: That's great. Thanks, guys.
Operator:
 : Next we go to the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
 :
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan:  Hey, good morning. I wanted to ask on, you didn't talk a lot about the academic business, but Jim we are in an environment here where things are potentially getting better on the academic front. Can you just comment a little bit as to whether you are seeing any pick up in demand there from your academic collaborators?
Jim Foster:  Yeah. I mean it's a little early to see any flow through from the anticipated increase in the NIH, so at this point, we have I'd say, for the last three years focused aggressively in terms of how we structure our sales force, have greater coverage to the academic marketplace. I am talking principally in the U.S. of course. Our sales have been up, were up in '08 in a meaningful fashion. We would anticipate certainly that that will continue A, because we are focusing on it, B, because our price premium is less dramatic versus the competition than it was historically and a lot of the academics didn't buy from us, because it was a perception that we were too expensive, which is no longer the case. There is no question, I was talking to one of our directors who is a senior policy person on some of these issues in Washington, who was saying that we are beginning to see in the back half of this year sort of more meaningful flow through from the government directly into the academic and university based marketplaces. So we got to see some pickup there. Also, we do a fair amount of government work as you know. Obviously a lot of that is contractually committed over the long-term, but we would expect to see more RMPs coming out as well and given our strong reputation in that genre, I think we will be able to increase sales there. So, I would imagine overtime as our academic sales as a percentage of total sales will continue to increase.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan: Okay thats helpful. On RMS, I appreciate the color you provided on price, can you give us a sense as to what you are seeing in terms of share? I felt like coming out of your RMS stake last year that you are still talking about kind of 3% or so from competitive share wins. Can you just kind of the competitive dynamic right now?
Jim Foster: That sounds a bit high to me. We certainly have been taking some share from our primary competitor over the last, basically four years now and I would say maybe a percentish a year. Again that has to do with a compression of our price points and I think the fact that we are providing a higher service level combined with our geographic reach. So those structural strengths that we have not changed at all and notwithstanding the overall economic environment, I think we would anticipate that we will be able to continue to take share from that competitor and perhaps others. Again our price points versus all of our competitors now is not nearly as dramatic as it used to be and as you see there are some product lines where our prices are the same and few where they are actually less. So we are in a very strong competitive position also because of the range of services that we provide. If you go to the RMS side, our service component is probably one-third of total RMS sales and the clients who buy research models from us increasingly want us to provide services for them or to them in some cases without some even shipping to the client, but as maintaining them and providing the services to them. So whether it's GEMS or our laboratory services or our growing discovery services business, we think we got to be able to not only pick up share but be able get more of the outsourced business from our clients than our competitors will be able to.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan: Okay, thats helpful And just a last one on China, and I understand the timelines have slipped a little bit. But can you give us a sense of to what you are assuming there for this coming year in terms of that business?
Jim Foster: We think we still have a strong competitive position in being the fourth large international player who is going to have GLP quality space.Our location is very fortuitous being in close proximity to major clients. Because of the delay, we are just sort of finishing the validation of that site and while we have a large number of clients who have been interested in utilizing this site, they are not going to make major commitments. We are doing non-GLP work. We are not going to make major commitments until this space is fully validated. So we anticipate we should be getting some commitments from them in the back half of this quarter, maybe the beginning of next quarter. So it continues to be online in terms of fulfilling customers' needs and demands, we are just a quarter behind.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan: Okay thank you very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And we will go to line of Isaac Ro from Leerink Swann. Please go ahead
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Hi guys thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering if you guys have had conversations with your major pharma customer and potentially seeing cases where you are actually getting maybe materially higher levels of outsourcing levels for fiscal '09 relative to what you would have previously expected but maybe at the same time actually seeing the dollar levels lower than you might have expected. Just trying to wonder how you are comparing the low level of outsourcing versus the dollars that are flowing through to you?
Jim Foster: Thats an interesting question. I think that, I dont think the levels are dramatically higher I mean the levels, if anything would have solved somewhat and beginning to reinvigorate. Yes, when they do invigorate, there is probably some impact across the whole spectrum that price affected because as long as there is more than sufficient capacity, price will be of a greater issue. I will tell you that in a lot of our conversations where price is still important, that science and service are more important. And so we are really focusing on execution and we are really focusing on providing value, as opposed to pricing benefits. So, we are trying to sell our clients a larger range of product services which cut across both of our businesses. We are having some success in doing that and while that may end up with more beneficial price plan, it ends up with greater volume to us. So I think the volumes will increase as we said in the back half of the year. The pricing issue or pressures will continue to persist, but we should get more leverage with the increased volume.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Well thank very much.
Operator: And we will go to our last question with Greg Bolan with Wachovia Capital, please go ahead.
Greg Bolan - Wachovia Capital: Good morning and thanks for taking the question and just one from me here. Jim when you think about your pharma clients' willingness to strategically outsource preclinical work. How much do you think is core to pharma and how much do you believe is non-core. I guess I am just trying to get a sense as to how much these sponsors are willing to outsource? I know this will kind of require a very anecdotal answer. But is it everything or is it capped at some level?
Jim Foster:  We ask that question to every client. The answers range as you would imagine, to nothing core to a great deal of it is core. But I would say on balance, the clients have a previous position to keep some of the very short term studies in house to gain greater knowledge about the molecule and see the very early results. And they have the scale and the scientific stats will accommodate that. When we get into longer-term studies, specifically more of the complex studies and lot of specialty work, there is very little interest in doing it. So we have to say that much of it is available to be outsourced over time. And that very little is essentially core and I would also say that every quarter and certainly every year that we have the conversations with clients, less than last year's quarter, and I think thats from operational financial necessity on their part, but they really have to make some decisions on what they must do internally and since they have greater confidence in our ability and others ability to do the work with that, they are letting go of those things. So as we've said historically, we certainly believe that 50% of this work will be outsourced, probably 75% will be outsourced or greater. And that provides this very large market opportunity for us when the demand begins to invigorate again.
Greg Bolan - Wachovia Capital:  Thats helpful thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no questions in queue. I will turn this call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you in the next week and seeing you at various conferences in March. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP of IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - Corporate VP and CFO
Analysts: Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company Adriana Kalova - Goldman Sachs Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Ricky Goldwasser - UBS John Kreger - William Blair Sandy Draper - Raymond James Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Brandon Couillard - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Charles River 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' third quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer, will comment on our third quarter results and review guidance for 2008. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website, at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 963696. The replay will be available through November 20. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K which was filed on February 20, 2008, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. As you read in our release, despite the fact that we are reporting another good quarter, we are being cautious about the near-term outlook for our industry and our company. The reasons are primarily macro in nature. Nonetheless, they are affecting our forward-looking guidance. Let me begin by summarizing the third quarter results. We reported sales of $342.2 million in the third quarter of '08, a growth rate of 9% from $314 million in the third quarter of '07. Research Models and Services or RMS increased 14.1% to $165.7 million. Preclinical Services or PCS increased 4.6% to $176.6 million. Foreign exchange contributed 4% to RMS, but reduced PCS growth rate by 70 basis points. Operating income for the quarter was $77.6 million, a 9.5% gain, and the operating margin was 22.7% compared to 22.6% reported in the third quarter of '07. The 10 basis point increase was primarily the result of higher sales and stable corporate costs. Although the fully diluted share count was higher than in the third quarter of last year, this year's third quarter operating income gain resulted in a 10.1% increase in earnings per share, which rose to $0.76 from $0.69. Consistent with our strategy of making bolt-on acquisitions, we acquired NewLab BioQuality AG and MIR Preclinical Services in the third quarter. We are very excited about these acquisitions, which broaden the portfolio of services we can offer to our clients to help them accelerate drug development. As you know, we are reducing our '08 sales guidance to a range of 9% to 10%, primarily as a result of changes in the preclinical market, which are impacting our business. 1% to 2% of the decline is due to foreign exchange, because the dollar has strengthened significantly since we gave guidance on August 5. Primarily as a result of lower expected sales, we are reducing our '08 EPS guidance to a range of $2.83 to $2.87. I will speak more about the trends we are seeing in a moment, but first, I will provide a more in-depth review of our segment results. Sales for our RMS segment rose 14.1% in the third quarter to $165.7 million. When adjusted for foreign exchange and the acquisition of MIR, organic growth was 9.9%. Overall, the production businesses reported strong sales growth, with the US and Europe providing the largest contributions. Biotech companies and academic institutions drove the sales increase, and we also benefited from a stable pricing environment and market share gains. We are in a unique position in the industry because with one of every two research models sold anywhere in the world coming from Charles River, certain trends are apparent to us. In the third quarter, double-digit sales growth for inbred and immunodeficient mice indicated our client's emphasis on drug discovery and early development. The latest data from Pharmaprojects supports this interpretation because it documents a 20% increase in the number of compounds in early development, the first such increase in five years. We also noted that sales of CD rats slowed. Because these are the models of choice for safety testing, slower sales suggest that pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are placing greater emphasis on late-stage development rather than on early development studies. This aligns with slower Preclinical Services sales, on which I will comment shortly. Sales to the service businesses were up in the quarter, driven by Consulting and Staffing Services. Our Genetically Engineered Models and Services or GEMS business was down from the third quarter of '07. Sales in the US slowed due to more measured spending by pharma and biotech clients. We continue to be very excited about our in vitro business, which again delivered growth above 20%. There are a number of sales drivers which we think gives this business long-term growth potential. First is the continuing success of the PTS. Growth increased due to higher sales of both devices and cartridges. Because of the attractiveness of the PCS, we are able to take market share. We find that new customers purchase both the standard LAL test kits, as well as the PTS, using the portable PTS to ensure that the manufacturing process is clean and the standard test kits for lot release testing. Some clients have converted to the PTS for lot release, but we are still early in that process, leaving us a large conversion opportunity. In addition, we are continuing to purchase small foreign distributors, improving our ability to sell direct in those markets. Based on these opportunities, we believe this very profitable business will continue to deliver strong growth for some time to come. The RMS operating margin declined to 31.1% compared to 31.6% in the third quarter of last year. The two factors which affected the margin were the increasing influence of services and higher operating costs. With our expanded portfolio of high end services to support the use of models and research, clients increasingly turn to us for our help in developing and utilizing genetically engineered models, maintaining the health status of their research model colonies and the vivaria in which they are housed, and non-GLT efficacy and safety testing. As we have said before, services generally carry a lower operating margin than products. So the increased level of service sales limits margin growth. We also experienced higher energy and commodity costs in the quarter, as we have all year. We are managing these costs well, but their impact was a factor in the margin results. The RMS business remains a consistent driver of our sales and earnings growth as was demonstrated again in the third quarter of '08. Our Research Models and Services are critical components to our client's ability to successfully launch new therapies. We provide the largest number of widely used models and have the most extensive range of scientific services to support our client's use of models and research. We are continuing to add to our capabilities, both through internal development and through strategic acquisitions, such as MIR Preclinical Services, which we announced on September 15. We were very pleased to welcome MIR's senior management team, all of whom are remaining with Charles River. These well regarded scientists have extensive large pharmaceutical company experience in oncology, the largest area of pharmaceutical research and development, and also inflammation. These two therapeutic areas expand our existing discovery services expertise in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. In addition, MIR's core competency in a wide array of high throughput and efficient imaging technologies positions us for growth in a new area of outsourcing for our clients. We believe imaging is a growth opportunity, because it permits noninvasive quantitative analysis of both efficacy and mechanism of action. The result is acceleration of the drug discovery process and more precise evaluation of client's drug candidates than is possible with traditional methods. We will continue to expand our RMS portfolio strategically, adding products and services, which enhance our ability to support our client's drug discovery and development efforts. The PCS segment reported sales of $176.7 million in the third quarter, a growth rate of 4.6% over the third quarter of '07. Foreign currency translation changed course from a positive to a negative, reducing the sales growth rate by 70 basis points, which was effectively offset by the contribution from the NewLab acquisition. Our North American preclinical business reported growth in the high single digits, led by Nevada which benefited from new capacity and strong demand for large model safety testing. There has been an excellent response to the new facility by our clients, who have quickly transitioned from the legacy facility. We stopped placing new studies in the legacy facility early in the third quarter and expect the transition to the new facility to be completed as planned. The PCS growth rate was lower than expected due to a rapid emergence of a number of factors. As you know, our preclinical growth for the past few years has been driven by demand for outsourced services, as large pharmaceutical and biotech companies have endeavored to drive down the costs of drug development. The unprecedented restructuring of so many of them is interrupting normal spending patterns. So while our clients have continued to spend on outsourced services, they are doing so in a very deliberate and measured manner. They are reprioritizing their development pipelines. As a result, a significant number of studies, which were originally booked in the third and fourth quarters of '08, are now scheduled in '09. This was particularly evident in Edinburgh, where demand for Europe based pharma companies has slowed considerably. As they attempt to reduce the cost of drug development, our clients are instituting much tighter cost control, which is driving an increased emphasis on price. Many of our clients now have centralized procurement functions through which they are negotiating better prices. As a result of study slippage and delays, there is more available capacity for outsourced preclinical services, enabling clients to exact more favorable pricing. We expect this condition to persist into '09, although we believe price pressure will lessen as pharmaceutical companies refocus on early development. Funding for small biotechs is another factor which we believe will affect demand going forward. Approximately 20% of our revenues are derived from these clients, and although much of their funding comes from large pharma, the sustained inability of small biotech companies to access the capital markets will have an effect. It was not significant in the third quarter, but we expect it to be more pronounced in the fourth quarter of '08. With the major expansion programs in Massachusetts and Nevada completed, we are focused on wrapping up the smaller projects. We have evaluated all of our in-process projects to determine when and how much capacity should be brought online. Our Shanghai facility opened on October 15 and we expect it to fill throughout '09. Sherbrooke will be completed in early '09 as scheduled, in order to ease capacity constraints in Montreal. However, we have decided to delay expansion in Ohio until 2010. Based on our evaluation, we expect our capital spending should be in the range of $200 million to $210 million this year, well below our previous estimate of $220 million to $240 million. Further capacity expansion will depend on market demand, but we are very unlikely to undertake any significant projects in '09, which should lead to a substantially lower capital spend than in the three previous years. The PCS operating margin was 21.4% in the third quarter. Although sales growth was lower than expected and operating costs associated with the ramp-up of the new Nevada facility were higher, sales mix and cost control enabled us to deliver an operating margin just 40 basis points below last year. For the fourth quarter, we expect the PCS operating margin to be below the third quarter result. The market trends which I discussed earlier are accelerating with more steady slippage and delays. We continue to manage costs carefully, but given our expectation for lower year-over-year PCS sales in the fourth quarter, we believe the PCS operating margin will be in the high teens. At the end of September, we announced the promotion of Dr. Christophe Berthoux to the newly created position of Executive Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. In this role, Dr. Berthoux is leading the global realignment of Charles Rivers' sales and marketing organization, the goal of which is to further enhance the company's interface with its customers. This action is an extension of the process we began two years ago to cross train our sales force and achieve sales synergies between RMS and PCS. Since that time and particularly now, our clients are undergoing rapid change in order to address the efficacy of the drug development pipeline. They are continuing to embrace strategic outsourcing because it allows them to take advantage of external expertise and reduce internal infrastructure. We saw its adoption first in Preclinical Services and have witnessed it more recently in RMS services as well. The missing piece was Discovery Services, which is the bridge between discovery and development. Discovery Services are employed to establish the efficacy of drug compounds. Just this year, we are seeing more clients outsource these services, having determined that they are non-core. We are positioning our portfolio to meet this need. So it was logical that we would structure our sales and marketing efforts to sell the entire spectrum of our unique portfolio, the only one in the industry which can support the drug development process from early research through IND. We believe that our client's restructuring efforts and the funding constraint on biotech are leading our clients to focus on drugs, which are in the latest stages of development in an attempt to bring those drugs to market more quickly. This belief is borne out by the research model sales trends and by the Pharmaprojects data, which suggests that although the current environment is likely to persist in '09, it is transitory. As our clients push compounds through to market, they will again focus on the earlier stages and we have no doubt that the virtualization of big pharma and biotech will continue as our clients strive for more productive and cost efficient drug development. While our client's transition takes place, we are tightly managing expenses and capital spending, while maintaining an intense focus on supporting our clients with our unique portfolio of products and services, which spans the development pipeline from early discovery through proof of concept. Our balance sheet is strong, with $213 million of cash on hand and a favorable debt to equity ratio. So despite this period of softer demand, we are confident that we will maintain our position as a premier provider of essential products and services to the drug development industry. I would like to thank our more than 9,000 employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their continuing support. Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our third quarter financial results, let me remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude acquisition related amortization, asset impairment charges and other items. Sales and operating income grew at 9% and 9.5% respectively in the third quarter, led by continued strong sales growth in our RMS business, partially offset by slower sales growth in the PCS segment. EPS grew 10% year-over-year to $0.76 as a result of a 10 basis point improvement to operating margin, a lower tax rate and lower net interest expense. The benefit to sales from foreign exchange was reduced to just 1.5% in the third quarter, down from just over 4% in each of the first two quarters of 2008. By segment, this equates to a 4.1% third quarter benefit to RMS, partially offset by a 0.7% reduction in PCS sales growth, due primarily to the impact of the weakening British pound on our Edinburgh facility. As you can see in the chart, the impact of foreign exchange over the last 10 quarters has ranged from a 400 basis point benefit to a 30 basis point drag on topline growth. However, given the dramatic strengthening of the US dollar over the past several weeks, we expect that the negative effect of FX will reduce fourth quarter sales growth by an estimated 4% versus last year, based on current exchange rates with a more pronounced effect on the PCS segment. In the third quarter, foreign exchange provided only a nominal benefit to operating income. Typically, our earnings exposure to FX is not as great as the topline impact. When foreign currencies move in tandem, the impact of FX on operating income of our naturally hedged facilities tends to be partially offset by a counteracting effect on PCS Montreal, where we are not naturally hedged. FX did not have a material effect on the PCS operating margin in the third quarter because the Canadian dollar exchange rates were comparable to the prior year. Sales declined 2.8% sequentially with nearly half of the decline coming from foreign exchange rates. The consolidated operating margin did improve by 100 basis points sequentially versus the second quarter, driven by lower unallocated corporate expenses. However, margin gains were offset by a higher tax rate and share count, which led to a 3.8% sequential EPS decline. Unallocated corporate costs of $11.7 million remained stable compared to last year's third quarter, while declining $3 million sequentially. The expected increase in costs related to global IT initiatives was offset by lower performance based compensation expense and other general corporate costs. Non-GAAP unallocated corporate expense excluded $1.1 million in costs associated with the evaluation of bolt-on acquisitions. These expenses represented due diligence and related costs associated with two potential acquisitions that we decided to terminate, while in various stages of negotiation. Given the current macroeconomic conditions in the credit markets, we have decided not to proceed. In the fourth quarter, we expect unallocated corporate expense to be slightly higher than third quarter levels. Lower interest rates compared to the third quarter of last year led to a year-over-year decline in net interest expense to $1.3 million. However, interest expense increased slightly on a sequential basis as a result of additional borrowings under our US revolver. We expect a sequential increase in the fourth quarter net interest expense as a result of three factors. First, we expect lower interest expense income because we used cash to fund the NewLab acquisition in September; second, we have higher average debt balances; and third, interest rates were higher in October. As a result, we expect net interest expense of $5 million to $6 million for the year. Other expense also increased $1 million sequentially, principally due to a loss of investments associated with our deferred compensation plan. Based on the weakness in the financial markets in October, we expect to record a loss of approximately $3 million related to these investments in the fourth quarter. Our third quarter tax rate of 28% declined again year-over-year as it has each quarter in 2008, primarily due to corporate tax law changes enacted in certain foreign jurisdictions in 2007. As anticipated, the tax rate rose 150 basis points sequentially, driven by several discrete benefits in the second quarter, which were not expected to recur, as well as tax law changes in Massachusetts. Our third quarter GAAP tax rate also included a $2.9 million revaluation of a deferred tax asset related to the impact of the Massachusetts tax law changes on our convertible debt, which was excluded from non-GAAP results. We continue to expect the non-GAAP tax rate in a range of 27.5% to 28% for 2008, which incorporates a modest sequential increase in the fourth quarter due to discrete items. In the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 474,000 shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $31 million. As of the quarter end September 27, we had approximately $212 million remaining under our current buyback program. In the third quarter, dilution from our convertible debt totaled nearly 1.8 million shares, plus additional dilution of approximately 500,000 shares from the warrants issued in conjunction with the convert. This dilution was based on an average share price of approximately $65 for the third quarter, but based on current stock price levels, we do not expect to incur any dilution from the convert in the fourth quarter. We also expect less dilution from unexercised stock options at our current stock price. In light of the recent concerns over the credit market, I would like to provide an update on our capital structure and liquidity. We believe that we are well positioned to weather the storm in the financial markets, with strong cash balances, robust operating cash flow and a conservative capital structure. In terms of our debt structure, we had approximately $543 million in debt outstanding at the end of the third quarter with approximately $150 million available under our credit facility. Our outstanding debt as of September 27 can be summarized as follows. The $350 million of 2.25% senior convertible notes do not mature until 2013. We did meet the $63.62 stock price trigger for 20 of the last 30 trading days in the third quarter, which gives holders the right to convert during the fourth quarter. Although we have not had any conversions to-date as a result of these conversion rights, we were required to classify $203.5 million as short-term debt under US accounting rules during the third quarter. We have a total of $143.6 million outstanding under our $50 million and $115 million, $6 million US term loans, which mature in 2010 and 2011, respectively. We have a $200 million US revolving credit facility which matures in 2011, with an outstanding balance of $48 million at quarter end. We have drawn on the revolver primarily to fund our US capital requirements, including capital expenditures and the MIR acquisition. The interest rate in our term loan and revolver is typically LIBOR plus the spread, which is currently 0.625%. However, at our option, we can apply the prime rate, which we opted to do in early October when the LIBOR rate jumped. With shareholders' equity of over $1.9 billion, we maintain a conservative capital structure with a low debt to equity ratio of approximately 28%. We believe that our ability to generate cash flow in our existing credit facility will provide sufficient funding to limit our reliance on the capital markets. Shifting to liquidity, cash and equivalents including short and long-term marketable securities declined to $233 million at the end of the third quarter from $289 million at the end of last year. The lower cash balance was driven by cash used to fund the NewLab acquisition, which was completed in September. The majority of our $213 million cash balance is held abroad in liquid investments including cash, CDs and money market funds. We are currently assessing opportunities to repatriate cash held by our international operations to enhance our access to capital in the US. Marketable securities totaled $20.5 million as of September 27 and consisted entirely of auction rate securities. These securities are AAA rated and US government-backed, but there continues to be a lack of liquidity in the auction rate market. We plan to diversify this position when liquidity in the market improves. Accounts receivable declined slightly from the second quarter to $237 million, but increased from $214 million at the end of 2007. DSO increased to 41 days compared to 38 days in the second quarter, but was favorable to 43 days at the end of the third quarter last year. The sequential increase was driven by lower deferred revenue, which offsets accounts receivable and the DSO calculation. As a result of higher net income, free cash flow increased to $45 million for the first nine months of 2008 compared to $34 million last year. CapEx was also higher at $150 million year-to-date versus $138 million last year. In an effort to be more prudent with our capital spending, we have reevaluated smaller projects such as Ohio. As a result, we now expect CapEx for the year to be $200 million to $210 million versus our prior guidance of $220 million to $240 million, and expect to generate free cash flow at the high end of the $50 million to $75 million range. Based on current FX rates, we now expect depreciation of approximately $63 million for the year, $2 million below our original estimate. Full year amortization expense remains at approximately $31 million, or $0.30 per share. In addition to the charges I have already mentioned, there were two other items which were excluded from non-GAAP results in the third quarter. We recorded a $0.4 million charge related to the disposition of our legacy preclinical facility in Worcester, which we sold at the end of September. We also incurred a $0.3 million charge related to divestiture of our vaccine business in Mexico, which was completed at the end of the third quarter. Turning to guidance, based primarily on lower expectations for our PCS segment and current foreign exchange rates, we have reduced our 2008 sales and EPS outlook. We now expect sales growth to be in a range of 9% to 10% versus our previous range of 12% to 14%. Approximately 1 to 2 points of this reduction was driven by the unfavorable impact of FX since our last update in August, with the remainder attributed to slower sales growth in the PCS segment. FX is now expected to provide only a 1% benefit to full year 2008 sales growth. Our guidance includes the acquisition of NewLab and MIR, which were completed in September, and the disposition of the vaccine business in Mexico. These transactions in aggregate are expected to contribute just under 50 basis points to the full year sales growth rate, and will not have a material impact on EPS. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in a range of $2.83 to $2.87. This is below our guidance from August of $2.94 to $3.00 due to a number of factors. First, earnings will be reduced compared to our previous guidance by $0.08 to $0.10, primarily due to lower sales volumes in our PCS segment, mitigated by the benefit of cost savings actions. We have already begun and will continue to take the appropriate actions to manage our expenses proactively without sacrificing future growth opportunities. In addition, we expect an estimated $0.01 net reduction related to unfavorable changes in FX rates since August and a loss of approximately $0.04 on investments associated with our deferred compensation plan. This will be partially offset by an estimated $0.02 benefit from a lower share count in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, RMS organic sales growth, which excludes the negative effect of foreign exchange and the divestiture of Mexican vaccine business, is expected to be moderately below the third quarter organic growth of 10%. The RMS operating margin is expected to decline sequentially due to normal seasonal weakness in the fourth quarter. As Jim discussed, we anticipate fourth quarter PCS sales will be below prior year levels and operating margin in the high teens. While our outlook for the end of 2008 appears to be more challenging than anticipated, we intend to manage the business appropriately and execute effectively on opportunities for future growth. We plan to provide 2009 guidance on December 10, followed by a conference call on the morning of December 11. That concludes our remarks. We will now turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we will open today with a question from Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: I wanted to, I guess, start on the PCS side. Jim, you saw a little bit of softness in 3Q, but it seems from your comments that demand is softening maybe fairly precipitously. I don't want to over read that, but I wondered if you could reflect to us a little bit more the feedback that you're getting from clients kind of in real time that give you the sense that the fourth quarter will be softer still.
Jim Foster: I'd say that's a fair characterization. We saw some softness in the last quarter. We had some study slippage and delays. We had essentially commented and guided on the fact that we thought that we would have a similar growth rate in the third quarter. As you saw, it was slower. We certainly have confirmation and are living through continued study slippage and delays, somewhat on an accelerating basis tied probably to a whole range of factors from the overarching economic situation in the country, particularly as you get into the fourth quarter, which had been preceded by lots of restructuring and still lots of restructuring going on by many clients, both US and abroad. There's been a constant reprioritization of drugs to be developed a lot of this year, and clearly, an emphasis on the late-stage aspects of the drug development process, even though, as I've said in my remarks, there are a larger number of molecules actually in early stage waiting to be developed. So I think the looming patent expirations are also pushing people to the sort of more on the late-stage focus. So, clearly, we have a large international infrastructure on both sides of the ocean, very small facilities, and very large ones, different types of toxicology work, both highly specialized and more general in nature. We have, notwithstanding the fact that the North American sales were up in the high single digit ranges earlier, we're definitely seeing accelerating movement. We saw studies in August move to January rather than to October, for instance. A lot of the studies that were "booked" in the fourth quarter have slipped as well. So slippage is a fundamental part of the preclinical business. It's always been there and it's always been relatively modest. The drug isn't quite ready and we've reprioritized it and the backlogs are sufficient to sort of fill that in. This is a different type of slippage. This is certainly more fundamentally premised on their ability to afford it, their ability to want to pay for it this year, to try to push it out and wait until next year, and really to sort of forego some of the earlier work so they can focus on the later stage work. So it's clearly intensifying and accelerating. We're merely a reflection of what's going on in the client base. That's what we're reporting to you today. And we think that it's a realistic look in the mirror as to what our clients are up to.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. One maybe more specific and I'll jump out. The GEMS business, did I understand that you said that the third quarter of '08 was down from third quarter of '07? And if so, that sounds like it would be down quite a bit sequentially. I wondered if we are back into kind of cutting the number of genetically engineered models that you are housing for clients, are they rationalizing again.
Jim Foster: We have seen some softness there. It seems to be fundamentally different than the last time. The last time was very much about the quality of the models themselves, and whether they really genetically altered in a way, that was an accurate predictor of how the drugs would work in humans. I think that the models themselves are quite good. So rather than a rationalization and reduction of colonies that we've been housing, which is what we saw for about a year and a half earlier, we're just seeing this as part of sort of the overall sort of pausing in spending additionally on, for instance, giving us new models and sort of intensifying their efforts with us. So we don't think it goes to the core scientific essence of them, but part of the overall careful spending trend that we're seeing.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Randall Stanicky's line representing Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adriana Kalova - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. This is Adriana for Randall. I just wanted to clarify something further on the delays that you're mentioning. I recall also a quarter the delays were in Montreal and Edinburgh and now we are mentioning delays again in Edinburgh. I mean, is it fair to assume most of the issues that you are seeing there are related to Europe? And the North American demand for Preclinical Services hasn't been impacted as much by such delays, or are you seeing that trend also shift into North America as well and is particular to you guys?
Jim Foster: We would say as an overall statement the delays in the study slippage unusually severe versus what we've seen in prior years on a worldwide basis. Having said that, they're definitely more pronounced in Europe. They have been for a fair amount of time now and we did point to that last quarter. So, clearly, we have greater restructuring activity, greater emphasis on late-stage work, more deliberate massaging of the development pipeline and more cost consciousness at the present time in Europe, affecting our Edinburgh site, which, of course, is one of our largest sites, than we've seen historically. Not only is it one of our larger sites, I should also say that historically Edinburgh has been one of our most consistent performing sites. So it's very large, extremely well managed, a whole range of products and services, a large number of repeat clients, and yet, is certainly feeling a more pronounced pulling back. I do think that Europe is worse than North America.
Adriana Kalova - Goldman Sachs: When you are talking about some of your client's impact, I mean are you referring more in terms of pharma or are you thinking more in terms of biotech, looking at the way they are actually outsourcing some of the services, or are you looking at a delay across both pharma and biotech?
Jim Foster: Obviously, our client base cuts across all of the sectors. The sort of major restructurings that we're seeing, I'm clearly talking about big pharma and very big biotech, and I don't think the distinction of what you call them is all that relevant. I mean, they are large, really large pharmaceutical companies. So I'd say that's the primary impact. What we are feeling, at least moving forward for the back half of the year, for the fourth quarter is the continued lack of access to capital for the smaller biotech companies, who are in part funded directly by big pharma. But that's probably not sufficient to allow them to outsource and grow at the rates that they have been growing. So we're seeing some weakness in biotech and we anticipate it will be greater.
Adriana Kalova - Goldman Sachs: I'll just ask one more question and I'll jump out of the queue. Regarding dedicated capacity, earlier in the year, you mentioned that you were targeting about 10% of PCS revenue to be from dedicated deals. We're just wondering were you able to achieve that target. Have you guys had any conversations with clients who are signing dedicated agreements, because we are hearing from some of your even smaller competitors, they're in such kind of dialogues with some of the larger clients that they currently have, so trying to figure out whether you are having similar discussions with clients as well?
Jim Foster: We have had discussions and continue to. Some are getting closer to fruition. I would say that the current economic situation and market conditions are actually going to cut both ways. It may push some large companies that are giving up internal infrastructure to be more interested in signing these types of agreements. But I actually think at the margin, it's going to push off some of those discussions. I think people are so concerned about the cost that the notion -- unless you can demonstrate dramatic savings to them, which in some instances we all can, but even in that case, signing up longer term agreements vis--vis uncertainties that are facing the drug companies in particular and the overarching issues in the economy, I do think are adversely impacting the trajectory of a lot of those conversations.
Adriana Kalova - Goldman Sachs: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Douglas Tsao's line representing Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Jim, I'm just hoping you could provide some additional detail. I mean it seemed me from your comments there was a little bit of a disconnect for me. Earlier in the RMS discussion, you noted an increase in early-stage projects in the Pharmaprojects database, although when we were talking about PCS we obviously are talking about sort of a delay in the advancement of studies and a focus more on late-stage pipelines. I was just wondering if you could, at least, qualitatively sort of reconcile that for me.
Jim Foster: Sure. What I was saying is a couple of things. The research model business, we're continuing to see pretty steady and strong purchases of animal models for the use of discovery. I think that's a commentary on the relative cost of animal models as a percentage of the total cost of producing a drug, which is quite trivial. It's also continued focus and knowledge of the drug companies that they have to invest early on in order to potentially invigorate the pipeline. What sounded like a disconnect is really just -- which I don't think was, it's just a fact that while these compounds have been and are being developed and exist in their early development portfolios, there's greater emphasis on the backend of the pipeline to get drugs to market, because I think that as they weight the two needs, the drug companies weight the two needs, I think they have a greater need to offset the impending patent meltdown, which we're going to see in the next couple of years. So the animals were used to produce those models. Obviously, some of them are working and are moving through the development process, just not as many as we would hope and anticipate at the current time. But the shift back, either on a balanced basis or even a greater emphasis basis on early development, I think is inevitable. I think the shift is transitory and there's no way that these drug companies will develop the molecules and let them languish. So it really does follow. We wouldn't expect that the drug companies would ease up on the early creation of the drugs. It's really about which ones they drive through development and what's the priority basis upon which they choose which ones to move through that process.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. And then, Jim, I know you indicated that the Quebec facility is still expected to come online. You have indicated in the past that you expect that capacity to be filled through dedicated capacity agreements and you had sort of two clients in particular. I just wanted to get some additional sort of an update on that process. Are those clients still planning on occupying the Quebec facility?
Jim Foster: We're in constant conversation with them both now. They both will take the available space in that building. We're talking to them right now about what new compounds they will move in there. It will also free up some space in our current Montreal facility, which, of course, is capacity bound. So that situation is developing as we originally had anticipated in quarter two.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay. Good. Finally, in terms of the sales reorganization, I know that on the research model side you often sell into some of your competitors on the preclinical side. I was just wondering if that was going to make a Chinese wall, if you will, between the two divisions. Will that continue to exist? I mean, are you going to reflect that in the new structure that you sort of outlined today?
Jim Foster: I don't think that will change. We're talking about getting greater leverage across the Preclinical and RMS parts of our business because I think as clients want larger relationships, want to buy more and have us be more responsive to them from a cost point of view, that that's beneficial to us. While we've done, I think, very good cross training of the sales forces and how we structurally brought them together, I think that would be difficult. I mean, we obviously have to respect the information that we have about sales to our clients in a way that allows us to effectively service them and provide their product needs, but without using that inappropriately. And we never would do that, haven't historically of course, and this structure won't change that.
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll jump out.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Isaac Ro's line with Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the questions. First off, on the RMS business, you guys have obviously had a strong year there to-date, and I'm wondering if you look kind of at the longer term trend, three to five years, it seems like this year has been trending a little bit above that sort of high single digits growth rate that we've seen historically. I'm wondering, is this sustainable double-digit growth market now in your eyes, and secondarily, maybe is there an element of share gain that's helped your business there this year?
Jim Foster: No question that there's been an element of share gain that's helped that business, not only this year, but I'd say for the last three years or so. We certainly hope that that persists. While we have enjoyed very much our double-digit growth rates, at least in the first two quarters and we are around 10% on organic basis in the third, we have been consistent in saying that while we aspire to get there; we still think this is a high single digit growth business. We're still in the process of sorting out our own plans. We don't want to comment on that. But directionally the mix between products and services, market share opportunities, growth in PTS and sort of the essential nature of the products for sure and the outsourcing trend in services, I guess all I would say is we would expect to continue to see this be a strong performing segment of the company, both in terms of strong operating margin, excellent free cash flows and respectable top line growth.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Thanks. A follow-up on the market share, I always used to think a couple years back that you guys controlled maybe half the market for models. Would you care to share a number that you think you have today in models?
Tom Ackerman: It's probably slightly larger than that, but there's been a contraction in certain parts of the market in terms of available units. So we've made a lot of that up in mix. We have made some of it up in units as well. But, our market share gains overseas are in most cases well north of 50%. Our market case in Japan is below that. Market case in the US is around that level. So, I think we're still comfortable saying that we're slightly above 50%.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Great. Lastly on pricing pressure. I'm wondering that you mentioned a handful of customers have centralized procurement plans. Is that really the large driver of pricing pressure or are there a handful of competitors that you have that are taking price as a weapon when they go to market?
Jim Foster: I think that it's a combination of factors. I mean I think a lot of the pricing issues are coming as a net result of the delay study slippage making some capacity available. It sort of forces -- I'll just speak for ourselves, but I think it's probably reflective of the rest of the industry, I think it forces people to be more creative and adaptive and flexible on price. So it's really a combination of both of those factors.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Thanks a bunch.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with UBS. Please go ahead.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: Good morning. A couple of questions. In the prepared comments, you mentioned that 4Q margins for the PCS business are expected to be in the high teens. If you head into next year, you did say that you expect the softness to continue. Are these kind of the levels we should be thinking of for margins for next year? Second question relates to RMS. If you think about the macro environment changing in a marketplace, what are your volume expectations for the animal business?
Jim Foster: What was your last question, what are the volume expectations?
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: For the animal business. I mean, do you think that given everything we're seeing on the macro level that we could see some slowdown there or you just expect steady state into '09?
Jim Foster: We would expect continued strong sales of units, pricing power and probably some share gains. I would expect that as a direct result of the overall economic markets and the challenges and pressures on our clients that the unit growth may moderate somewhat but probably not dramatically. We're seeing a little moderation at the moment. So, again, we're still working through our '09 plan and working closely with our customers and getting feedback from them on what they see for the next year, notwithstanding the fact that many of them are in transition from a structural point of view. But, again, we find that the core animal purchases are affected less by those things just because of their relatively small value in the whole drug development process. Tom, you want to take the margin one?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, thanks. As Jim said, we will provide more comprehensive guidance in December. So I don't want to get into too much detail. But in fairness to your question, in response the pressure on the margin in PCS in the fourth quarter is really primarily a function of the sales volume. So, for all the reasons we've just talked about, we are seeing pressure on sales growth, and therefore, that's really backing itself up into the margin itself. In the near-term, with a lot of projects slipping as you think about Q1 and having had seen an accelerating trend of slippage and some of it by surprise, it's obviously a little bit difficult for us to exactly forecast Q1 at this point. But I think it's fair to say we'll probably continue to see some headwinds earlier in terms of sales growth, and then we would hope that longer term the fundamentals of the marketplace would retain. So I guess what I would say to sum it all up is that I think we're going to continue to see pressure on the margin in PCS in the near-term. Primarily as a function of pressure, we'll probably continue to see growth on the top line in the near-term. I think based on where we are in our planning process and with the guidance call coming up next month, that's probably about as much information as we could give at this time.
Ricky Goldwasser - UBS: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Foster: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to John Kreger's line with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair: Given your long history in the disease model side, have you seen historically a link in the demand trends between that business and the tox ?business, or put another way, as you are seeing some of these accelerating slowing trends in tox, would you expect that to eventually impact demand for models?
Jim Foster: There is a link. Not only have we seen it, but we are seeing it. That was in my prepared comments. So we are seeing and have seen for a little while now a slowdown in out bred rat sales. Those are the animals used predominantly for tox. I would say that Charles Rivers out bred animals are the industry or world standard. Not that we're the only people who sell them, but certainly we sell more than anyone else. So there is a causal link, notwithstanding that slowdown. We're still very pleased with our results for the third quarter. We would expect that for as long as the demand is less robust on the preclinical side that that would have an adverse impact on outbred rat sales.
John Kreger - William Blair: All right. Thanks. And then, Jim, I'm not sure if this is a question that will be easy to answer, but as you see some of the slowing in clients, particularly from the larger clients that you're dealing with, are you of the impression that these are more kind of pushing '08 work into '09 for budgetary reasons or more longer term just reductions in activity levels?
Jim Foster: I mean, it's clearly the former and it's interesting. As we move into the fourth quarter and towards the end of the year, just like we are watching our spending very, very carefully and aggressively, so are our clients. So, you're seeing this sort of ?missing word we will delay the study until next year. When we have a new budget, we'll reprioritize things then, we have to sort of batten down the hatches now, we have to make our earnings this quarter, all of that stuff I think probably plays into it. As I said earlier, we saw modest evidence in the summer, people waiting until the next year. So we certainly are seeing that in the fourth quarter. So I think it's very much budget related and our clients figuring out how they're going to function with the new world order, number one, and some of the difficulties they have specific to their own companies and their industries.
John Kreger - William Blair: Great. Thanks. And then, just finally, I think last quarter you talked about a negative mix shift in Edinburgh and Montreal. I believe at that time you said you thought that mix probably wouldn't improve much in the third quarter, but perhaps in the fourth. Can you just sort of update us on what you're seeing with the general versus specialty mix in those facilities?
Jim Foster: I think what we said is we would expect to see some shift there particularly in Montreal because of the nature of the long-term work that we had previously booked there. So we're beginning to see some improvement there, although I think clients are also being very careful about specialty work, given the costs associated with that. I would say we haven't seen any fundamental improvement in Edinburgh at all. That location seems to be particularly impacted by the buying patterns of many large pharma companies, in Europe, in particular, which is their primary client base. So you have different market drivers for that location.
John Kreger - William Blair: Thanks very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we will open up Sandy Draper's line with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Thank you very much. Maybe it's a follow-up to one of John's questions. Jim, if you could talk a little bit about -- seeing this as a transitory issue, as you see the market coming back, would you expect to see a bolus of work that -- you try to get a catch-up mode for a couple of quarters, or is it slow and steady that you would build back up to what you would think to be as more of a normalized growth rate?
Jim Foster: The way it comes back is somewhat unpredictable. We had a similar situation -- of course, totally different market drivers and totally different markets and we were a different scale company, but we did have a similar situation at the end of '02 and so much of '03, where there was a significant slowdown, I'd say, for three quarters. Then, the work came back very quickly, like in one quarter. So that would support the bolus theory. These market conditions are so difficult, it's really impossible to predict the rate and speed at which it will come back. It's only possible to predict, I think, with an extremely high degree of assurance that it will come back. It has to be transitory. Unless one fundamentally believes that the drug companies have given up on drug discovery and development, which, of course, none of us do. It's really a matter of priorities and what they can afford and where their emphasis is now in the pipeline. So, we're extremely confident that it's going to come back. It's very difficult to call, although, we obviously have to call it and are trying to call it as we're putting together our '09 plan in conversation with clients. We have a lot of work that's moved out to the first quarter for instance. It's highly probable that that work will be executed in the first quarter given that they will have new budgets, and of course, they've delayed them for in some cases a quarter, in some cases two quarters. But, again, we'll have to see what the overall economic situation is for the country and the world and also what sort of prioritization process they're going through then, because they tend to sort out what molecules they will keep internal to themselves and what they will outsource in the first quarter. But I think that we would be disappointed, at least, not to see it begin to come back gradually through '09 and I think there's some possibility it could come back very quickly.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Doug Schenkel's line with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: A couple of questions on capital spending for next year. Could you provide some detail on how much of the capital spend is going to be allocated to increasing your square footage in PCS?
Tom Ackerman: In PCS. To a certain extent, as both of us have commented in the scripts, but just to go back and recap a little bit, most of our larger projects are either completed projects that were underway or nearing completion. So Sherbrooke is pretty well near completion. Our larger projects, obviously in Massachusetts and Reno, really finished up this year and we haven't started expanding out in any of the other facilities. So as we look toward '09, we see some completion. Our Chinese Shanghai facility is open in October. There might be a little bit of expenses carrying over into '09. So as we look out at '09 and based on the conversations we've just had about demand and our existing capacity, we really don't see any big projects starting up, unless there's a dramatic shift in demand. Our view is that we have enough capacity to take us through what would be a reasonable growth rate for next year. So we'll predominantly see the finish up of some projects and maintenance CapEx, which will actually be a little bit more prudent on. So, if you look at this year's guidance of $200 million to $210 million, we would be substantially below that next year, with most of it being focused on maintenance CapEx.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. Understood. I guess really what I'm trying to get at here is when we think about drivers to PCS sales growth, how should we think about the combination of mix, pricing and capacity next year? I mean, I think what you're saying is there's not going to be a big focus on boosting capacity next year beyond what's already in the works. So I'd like to get a better understanding of what kind of growth we can get if we're really just focused on mix and pricing.
Tom Ackerman: What kind of growth we can get in sales or EPS or
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: PCS sales.
Tom Ackerman: PCS sales? Well, there is adequate capacity for us to grow through next year at -- even our prior assumptions would grow. So I think where we were thinking the market was growing, our capacity would take us well through next year. So I think if we were to have started capacity in '09, it would obviously be for sales in 2010 and beyond, those types of things. So I think where we are today, we're thinking we really don't have to start projects in '09, but if we do see an up tick in demand with having brought on Sherbrooke and some of our other expansionary activities, we feel like we still have plenty of room in our facilities to still give us nice sales growth, should the market return more robustly in the near-term. Does that help?
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: That does help. Just one more question. You commented that part of the near-term challenge is the increased focus of pharma on later stage projects. Given that, would it be wrong to assume that this probably diminishes the possibility of Charles River entering into an agreement similar to what Covance and Lilly entered into earlier this year?
Jim Foster: I wouldn't say so. I mean, I think there's certainly an opportunity for us to enter into a similar transaction. Certainly, there are going to be a lot of discussions about transactions like that. In our case, it will be more on the very early discovery through proof-of-principle portion of the drug development spectrum. We would have to either partner with someone in the late-stage or the drug companies would contract separately with them. I mean, my understanding of the Lilly-Covance deal is that there are actually multiple parties involved in that. I suspect that drug companies probably don't want to -- particularly large drug companies, don't want to contract soup to nuts with any particular client at the current time, although that might change in the future.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And we'll go to Jon Wood's line with Banc of America Securities.
Brandon Couillard - Banc of America Securities: This is actually Brandon in for Jon this morning. Can you remind us or give us some sense of how restrictive the tax implications of repatriating those cash balances held abroad are?
Tom Ackerman: Well, we haven't fully vetted all of that, but we're obviously trying to do that in an efficient way. We wouldn't bring back a substantial amount of cash if the tax impact was steep, let's say. Of course, everybody would define that a little differently. So we think we have some opportunities to do that in an efficient manner. And if we can, then we will.
Brandon Couillard - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and just one more. Can you remind us what the restrictions on your revolving credit facility are? And as we look into 2009, how you view your priorities for excess capital between buybacks or debt reduction, given where the stock price is?
Tom Ackerman: Well, without going into all the coverage ratios and things like that, based on where we are in terms of profits and leverage and things like that, there's really no restrictions on us, for instance, utilizing the revolver, if that sort of goes to your question. I mean it is available to us. In terms of 2009, as we talk about we do expect capital expenditures will come down quite a bit. We haven't put a stake in the ground in terms of operating earnings and things like that. But assuming good, positive cash flows, operating cash flows, we would expect free cash flow at this point in time to be actually higher than it is in '08, notwithstanding the other conditions that currently exist. So I think it will give us good flexibility to either build cash, be opportunistic with some small acquisitions that would have good valuations and/or look at what we want to do in terms of our stock authorization and whether we would want to buyback more shares than we are currently buying or maintain cash. I think we'll take all those things into consideration.
Brandon Couillard - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Dave Windley representing Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking the follow-ups. On the PCS side of the business, you commented about not adding capacity. I'm wondering in Reno, for example, if demand is going to be a little soft, would you continue to view keeping the older facility open for quarantine as an appropriate thing to do or would it be better to consolidate, and if there are any other levers that you can pull to mitigate margin impact from fixed and/or variable costs that are in place today?
Jim Foster: Dave, I think that it would be an extremely poor use of the new facility, given its cost per square foot and sophistication and design to be as efficient as possible for studies to use a space for quarantines. So the space in the other facility is at a much lower cost. Actually as our large animal business grows for the new facility, increased quarantines space would be available. So, I understand the basis for your question to try to consolidate it all in one place. But we really want to use the new facility to increase revenues for in-live studies.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: And any other levers in PCS that you could pull? Staffing is obviously one? I guess, staffing is obviously one I guess.
Jim Foster: Sorry?
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: I was just saying staffing is obviously one to manage that to your demand. But I just wondered are some of your smaller facilities fully utilized?
Jim Foster: I mean, our utilization, particularly in the small facilities are utilized. They all have different personalized capabilities. So I actually think that one of the strengths of the portfolio is both the geographic proximity to the facilities and the type of work that they do and the nature of the client base. We want to maintain that leverage. While, obviously, capacity utilization at the moment isn't where we would like it to be, directionally we're confident it will get there. We're also confident that actually we have enough capacity to continue to grow for a while. So that's a good place to be. And I think that taking space out would be a severe knee-jerk reaction to what we believe will be a relatively short-term phenomenon.
Dave Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we'll turn the conference back over to Susan Hardy for closing remarks.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you in the near future. And this concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference service.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - VP of IR Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies & Company Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird Sandy Draper - Raymond James Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Robbie Fatta - William Blair Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories second quarter 2008 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' second quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our second quarter results and review guidance for 2008. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 952140. The replay will be available through August 20th. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 20th, 2008, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I am very pleased to report to you today on another strong quarter for Charles River. We reported robust sales of $352.1 million in the second quarter of '08, growth rate of 14.5% from $307.4 million in the second quarter of '07. The Research Models and Services, or RMS, increased an impressive 20.2% to $172.8 million. Preclinical Services, or PCS, increased 9.6% to $179.3 million, 6% on a sequential basis. Foreign exchange contributed 7.1% and 1.4%, respectively to the segments. Operating income for the quarter was $76.5 million, and the operating margin was 21.7% compared to $65.7 million and 21.4% reported for the second quarter of '07. Operating income growth of 16.3% was primarily driven by higher sales and improved capacity utilization in the RMS segment and stable corporate costs. The operating margin gained 30 basis points year over year as a result of very strong RMS performance, which more than offset the decrease in the PCS margin which, as you recall, reflects a significant costs associated with the transition to our new preclinical facility in Nevada. On a sequential basis, the operating margin increased 50 basis points, due in part to an impressive improvement in the PCS margin. Earnings per share increased 23.4% to $0.79 from $0.64. Again, the driver was strong sales growth and improved operating efficiency in the RMS segment that more than offset the costs associated with the Nevada transition and a higher share count due to dilution from our convertible debt. Finally, we announced that we are raising our '08 guidance to sales growth in a range of 12% to 14%, and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $2.94 to $3.00. Now I will provide more in-depth review of our business segment results. Sales for our RMS segment rose 20.2% in the second quarter to $172.8 million, with nearly all major businesses reporting double-digit sales growth. When adjusted for foreign exchange, organic growth was an impressive 13.1%. The segment sales benefited from robust spending by pharma, biotech and academic clients, a stable pricing environment and market share gains. We believe this broad-based growth is evidence of our clients' greater focus on discovery of new therapies, and their reliance on Charles River for our best-in-class research models and the many services we provide to support their use in research. The operating margin declined to 30.9% compared to 31.7% in the second quarter of last year, and 33.4% in the first quarter of '08. The primary driver of the year-over-year decline was an asset write-down in Japan, which we view as an unusual event and do not expect to recur. The write-down cost is approximately 90 basis points on the margins. The other factor that impacted the margin was the sales mix. Service sales were very strong and, as you know, services generally carry a lower operating margin than products. Production of research models was the largest contributor to the second quarter sales growth. Sales of inbred and immunodeficient mice was the primary growth drivers, further supporting our thesis that pharma and biotech companies are increasingly focused on drug discovery. While sales to large pharma increased, greater growth was generated by biotech and academic clients. We do not find this surprising since pharma is funding a significant amount of research through biotech companies and universities. All geographic locations reported sales growth. Europe grew at double-digits, and the US business reported high single-digit growth. Similar to our research models, our Genetically Engineered Models and Services business, or GEMS, also grew nicely in the quarter, particularly in Europe. Genetically Engineered Models, also referred to as GEMS, are used extensively in discovery because GEMS are more accurately mimic human diseases than standard models do. Researchers believe that GEMS provide better data on efficacy, and hope that their use will lead to development of improved therapies for complex diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS. We have mentioned previously that the basic GEMS have given way to more complex models. Because of their complexity, researchers increasingly need our expertise to improve the success of their GEMS progress. In the second quarter sales for our Consulting and Staffing Services, or CSS, business were robust in the US and Europe, our primary markets. As you know, this business provides research model facility management services. The margins for this business are lower than the segment average, which partially accounts for the margin decline. The return on invested capital is very attractive, since we generally do not own the facility. The one exception, our new facility in Maryland, was built to support our CSS contract with the National Cancer Institute. As you know, this is the first dedicated resources arrangement in RMS, and through this long-term agreement, we gained a platform to provide commercial production and services in the very attractive Mid-Atlantic region. We hosted a successful open house on May 15th with close to 100 customers attending, including senior researchers from the National Cancer Institute. The facility officially opened on July 10th, slightly ahead of the schedule. We believe that this facility will contribute to meaningful growth for us. Our In Vitro business again delivered growth above 20%, the result of continuing success of the PTS. Growth is increasing not only as a result of a large number of devices in use, but also due to an increase in the average number of cartridges used per device. We are continuing to expand our market share in nuclear pharmacies as they prepare themselves to comply with the FDA's pending regulations, and are seeing uptake from pharmaceutical manufacturers as they comply with the FDA's PAT initiative. PAT requires timely testing in order to promote improved quality control of the manufacture of medical devices and injectable drugs, a goal for which the PTS is tailor-made. We are continuing to promote the PTS aggressively in its core markets and also to evaluate niche opportunities where the PTS could provide additional growth. The RMS business remains a consistent driver of our sales and earnings growth. As we demonstrated again in the second quarter of '08, our Research Models and Services are critical components of our clients' ability to successfully launch new therapies. We provide the largest number of widely-used models and have the most extensive range of scientific services to support our clients' use of models in research. For those reasons, we believe that over the long-term, demand for our essential products and services will continue to be strong. The PTS segment reported sales of $179.3 million in the second quarter, a growth rate of 9.6% over the second quarter of '07. On a sequential basis, sales gained 6%, reflecting new capacity in Nevada, as well as comparable or higher sales at most of our preclinical facilities, both for toxicology and other services. While our Massachusetts and Nevada toxicology facilities did exceptionally well, Montreal and Edinburgh did less sales. The primary reason for the lighter growth were less favorable study mix and higher than usual study slippage. We expect these trends to persist through the third quarter of '08, but based on our backlog we expect improvement later in the year. Although we may see fluctuations in demand from time to time, we continue to expect that pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies will expand their strategic outsourcing as the best alternative to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their drug development efforts. We were able to drive the operating margin to 21.2%, an increase of 290 basis points from the first quarter of '08, and just 80 basis points lower than the second quarter of '07. We were very pleased with the sequential improvement which was primarily due to margin gains in Nevada and Clinical Services Northwest as a result of improved capacity utilization. On a year-over-year basis, Nevada and Montreal were the primary drivers of the 80 basis point margin decline. As expected, Nevada's operating costs were significantly higher as a result of the costs associated with running duplicate facilities during the transition to the new building. As I just mentioned, Montreal's operating margin was affected by a less favorable study mix, and by unusually high study slippage due to client lead prioritizations and compound availability. Capacity constraints were also a factor in Montreal. Demand has been robust, which is why we made the decision earlier this year to accelerate the opening of our Sherbrooke expansion to the first quarter of '09. The Shanghai facility will open in the fourth quarter of '08, approximately one quarter later than our original schedule due to construction delays. We currently expect to offer non-GLP services in the fourth quarter of '08, and GLP services in the first quarter of '09. China was a factor in the lower year-over-year operating margin, and we expect the delay will have a moderate impact on our sales and earnings expectations for the second half of '08. The delay was necessary to ensure that we have the highest quality physical infrastructure which will support our business in China, where we intend to be a leading provider of drug development products and services. Nevada was the largest contributor to the year-over-year sales gain. As you know, the new facility opened on schedule in January, and we continued to ramp up sales in the second quarter. We experienced strong demand for Nevada's high-end specialty toxicology services, particularly from our West Coast clients. Our clients are very impressed with the state-of-the-art facility and its staff, and the West Coast clients are particularly pleased to have a facility of this caliber located so close to them. As we have said previously, we were staging the opening of 80% of Nevada, or 370,000 square feet over the first six months of '08. I am very pleased to tell you that we completed the project on schedule, and we are moving ahead with the transition from our legacy facility. That transition will be substantially complete by the end of '08, though I will remind you that, unlike Massachusetts, we intend to retain a significant portion of the legacy facility for quarantine. Staffing is proceeding on plan, with all of the key positions filled.  Massachusetts also reported significantly higher sales in the second quarter. Management of the facility has maintained its focus on shifting the sales mix to include a larger proportion of toxicology services, and that focus was evident in the quarter's results. The number of inquiries for GLP studies has increased, and we have been successful in converting those to bookings. As a result, the backlog for longer-term toxicology studies has increased substantially. We are very pleased with our progress to-date and expect that our ongoing focus on the study mix will support continued sales growth in Massachusetts. Clinical Services Northwest, our Phase I business in the United States experienced very strong growth in the quarter. You may recall that Northwest was in the process of expanding their facility when we acquired the business at the end of '06. Northwest's expertise and reputation for outstanding service has enabled it to grow rapidly. Our Phase I facility in Scotland has not performed as well, due at first to regulatory uncertainty in the UK, then, as the environment improved, hindered by the weakness of the US dollar. We have new management in place at the facility and are taking appropriate actions to improve productivity. However, the operation is impacting sales and earnings growth in '08. Our Biopharmaceutical Services business, which we call BPS, was also a contributor to the sales growth. BPS provides services to support the development and manufacture of biologics, services which are becoming more important as the proportion of biologics in the drug development pipeline increases. Recognizing the opportunity to more fully support our clients, we began to strengthen this business nearly 2 years ago. Our first step was a new management team with extensive expertise and market knowledge. Over the last two years, this team has integrated our BPS operation in the United States, Scotland and Ireland, and expanded the staff. As a result, BPS is now a world leader in cell bank manufacture, from research through full-scale production, and a premier provider of testing to determine the potency of biologics of drug product release testing, and of clinical scale vaccine manufacturing.  Given the opportunities for growth, we believed it was the appropriate time to scale-up the business with the addition of NewLab BioQuality AG, a Dusseldorf Germany based contract service organization which provides safety and quality control services. We recently signed the agreement to acquire NewLab and expect the acquisition to close by the end of the third quarter of '08. With current operations in continental Europe, NewLab adds consulting services to help manufacturers meet regional GMP guidance on new drugs, and assist in designing ICH-compliant stability testing programs to identify suitable stability test methods for both proteins and plasmids used for gene therapy.  NewLab expands Charles River's current capabilities in process validation services, which mimic new manufacturing processes to verify that potentially hazardous contaminants have been removed. Both Charles River and NewLab provided extensive analytical, molecular biology, virology and microbiology testing services to ensure identity, quality, stability and safety of biopharmaceuticals, and operate in full compliance with current GMP and GLP regulatory guidance. The bottom line is that with the addition of NewLab, Charles River intends to be a leader in this rapidly expanding global market. As a result of the strong second quarter performance and our outlook for the balance of the year, we are very pleased to be raising our guidance for '08. We now expect sales growth in the range of 12% to 14%, including the acquisition of NewLab, and EPS in the range of $2.94 to $3.00. Based on its outstanding performance in the first half of the year, and our expectation for a similar growth rate in the second half of the year, we anticipate the RMS segment sales will grow at a mid-teens rate in '08 compared with our earlier estimate of high single-digits. In the PCS segment, we expect the growth rate to improve later in the year, and therefore we now expect PCS sales growth for '08 in the low double-digits compared to our earlier estimate of low to mid-teens growth. We expect as the consolidated operating margin will be moderately below last year, with the RMS margin slightly above and the PCS margin below '07 levels. As pharmaceutical companies increasingly adopt strategic outsourcing, the virtualization of big pharma and biotech becomes more of a reality. Ongoing expansion of our infrastructure is critical to support the industry trends, as it is hiring qualified staff and broadening our portfolio of essential products and services, whether through internal development or strategic bolt-on acquisitions such as NewLab. Our unparalleled core competencies of laboratory animal medicine in science and regulatory compliant preclinical services, expertise in drug development, highly qualified staff and ongoing capacity expansions are enabling us to support our clients as few partners can. We are becoming our clients' infrastructure, working side-by-side with them to accomplish their goals of bringing new therapies to market faster and more efficiently. We expect our unique ability to support our clients from discovery through Phase 1 clinical studies will enable our continuing growth in the years to come. I would like to thank our nearly 9,000 employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and to our shareholders for their continuing support. Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman:  Thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I recap our second quarter financial results, let me remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude acquisition-related amortization, asset impairment charges and other items. Sales and operating income grew at strong double-digit rates in the second quarter, led by continued robust sales growth in our RMS business. Solid EPS growth of 23.4% outpaced sales growth of 14.5% as a result of operating margin improvement from lower unallocated corporate expense, as well as the lower tax rate and net interest expense. As Jim said, the second quarter RMS operating margin of 30.9% declined by 80 basis points year-over-year. The decline was primarily due to an asset write-off in Japan of approximately $1.6 million, which we do not expect to repeat. We installed a new management team in Japan in 2007 and higher expenses were the result of comprehensive review which led to a write-down of certain assets. These expenses lowered the RMS operating margin by approximately 90 basis points in the second quarter, and excluding these expenses, the RMS margin would have increased slightly. Foreign exchange continues to benefit top line growth, but reduces the PCS operating margin. FX contributed 4.1% to sales growth, or $12.5 million in the second quarter, which was comparable to the first quarter. The RMS segment benefited by 7.1%, due primarily to the continued strength of the Euro. The PCS segment gained only 1.4% from FX compared to 2.1% in the first quarter, primarily as a result of the impact of a weaker British pound on our facility in Edinburgh. For the second half of the year, as we anniversary the significant weakening of the US dollar, we expect an FX benefit to consolidated sales growth of just 1% to 2%, based on current exchange rates, compared to 4.1% in the first half of the year. We anticipate that FX will continue to benefit RMS, although at a lesser rate, but would have a flat to slightly negative impact on PCS. While providing a moderate benefit to consolidated operating income, foreign exchange reduced the PCS segment operating income by $0.6 million in margins by approximately 60 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year. This impact is the result of exposure to the Canadian dollar at our PCS Montreal facility. The impact has declined from 175 basis points in the first quarter due to the fact that we are reaching the anniversary of the strengthening of the Canadian dollar which began in the second quarter of last year due to both Canadian dollar exchange rates versus the prior year and our efforts to invoice more of our PCS Montreal clients in Canadian dollars, do not expect FX to have a significant effect on the PCS operating margin in the second half of the year. The second quarter of 2008 marked a seventh consecutive quarter of sequential sales growth led by 6% sequential growth in our PCS segment. The consolidating operating margin improved by 50 basis points sequentially versus the first quarter. Significant improvement in the PCS operating margin, driven by higher sales in Nevada and Clinical Services Northwest was only partially offset by a sequential decline in the RMS operating margin from a near all time high in the first quarter. The margin increase and a lower tax rate resulted in a robust 10% sequential increase in EPS in the second quarter. Unallocated corporate overhead of $15 million in the second quarter declined moderately both year-over-year and sequentially, primarily driven by lower employee health, fringe and related expenses. Global IT cost including expenses related to our ERP implementation did increase year-over-year as expected. For the second half of the year, we expect unallocated corporate overhead to be comparable to first half levels. This equates to roughly 4.5% of sales for the year plus or minus 25 basis points. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP on allocated corporate overhead for the second quarter of 2008 is due to the $3.3 million gain from the curtailment of our US defined benefit pension plan which we originally discussed on last quarters call. Net interest expense continued to decline year-over-year, primarily due to lower interest rates in our floating-rate debt, as well as debt repayment. For the year, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $4 million to $6 million, this is slightly higher then our current run rate, due primarily to our expectation that interest income will be low in the second half of the year. We plan to fund the new lab acquisition from our existing cash balances. Our tax rate declined by 280 basis points year-over-year to 26.5% in the second quarter, and 27.1% year-to-date. The reduced rate was the result of corporate tax law changes implemented in certain foreign jurisdictions last year, as well as several discrete items in the quarter. We now expect a tax rate in range of 27.5% to 28% for 2008, slightly lower than our earlier guidance of 28% to 28.5%. Because of this we anticipate a moderately higher tax rate in the second half of the year than in the first half. This will be particularly the case in the third quarter based on the anticipated timing of several discrete items. Inspite of our strong global cash position, we borrowed $20 million on our US revolver during the second quarter. We did so to avoid tax implications from repatriating cash held abroad. The added liquidity was needed primarily to find US capital expenditures. In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 535,000 shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $33 million. The Board authorized a $200 million increase in our share repurchase program but the increased authorization as of August 1st; we have approximately $231 million remaining under our current buyback program. I would like to update you on the dilution associated with the converts. In the second quarter, dilution from the convert totaled 1.5 million shares based on an average price of slightly over $61. Because our diluted share count for the year is correlated to this dilution, which can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on share price, we have chosen not to update our 2008 share count guidance. There have been two developments related to our convertible debt over the last three months. First, we made a convergent trigger on our convertible notes at the end of the second quarter based on our share price which gave hold as the right to convert in the third quarter. No holders have decided to convert their notes into shares at this time, and we do not expect the same growth as the bonds at nearly a 10% premium to the underlying shares at quarter-end. As a result of figuring the conversion rights, we re-classify a portion of our convertible debt as short-term for the quarter. In May, the FASB issued a final FSP regarding the change in convertible debt accounting which will be effective for 2009. Although, the FSP has no cash or economic impact on Charles River, it would increase interest expense in our income statement in 2009. We are finalizing our analysis of the impact, and withhold our further comments until this analysis has been completed. Turning to other balance sheet items; cash and equivalents, including short and long-term marketable securities declined slightly to $282 million at the end of the second quarter from $289 million at the end of last year. Account receivable was relatively flat from the first quarter at $240 million, but increased from $214 million at the end of 2007. DSO was unchanged from 38 days versus the first quarter, but unfavorable compared to 35 days at the end of the year.  We indicated on our year end conference call that 35 days was at the very low end of our targeted range, and that we expected some fluctuation. At 38 days DSO remains within our targeted range. As a result of higher net income free cash flow was $21 million for the first half of 2008, a nice increase from $6 million last year. CapEx was also higher at $104 million in the first half versus $87 million last year, principally related to Nevada, Sherbrooke and the RMS facility in Maryland. We continue to expect CapEx for the year to be between $220 million to $240 million, and free cash flow to be in a range of $50 million to $75 million. For the quarter, depreciation increased $2.3 million year-over-year to $15.4 million, and was $32.2 million year-to-date.  We continued to expect $65 million for the year, higher than in 2007 due to new capacity coming on line. This equates to a step-up depreciation expense in the second half of the year due to PCS Nevada and the RMS facility in Maryland. Total amortization expense was $7.6 million in the second quarter and our full-year guidance for amortization expense remains at approximately $31 million or $0.03 per share. We booked several items during the second quarter which have been excluded from our non-GAAP results. We incurred a $3.3 million gain related to the previously announced curtailment of our US defined benefit pension plan which was effective April 30th. We do not expect to incur any further adjustments related to the pension curtailment. Offsetting this gain, we incurred a charge of $2.8 million. We recorded a $2.2 million charge related to the disposition of our legacy preclinical facility in Western Mass. The charge primarily reflects a revision to the property value based on the local real state market conditions. We are continuing to evaluate our options to dispose off the property. We also recorded a $0.6 million asset impairment charge related to the intended disposition of our vaccine business in Mexico. In addition to second quarter charges, we expect to record a non-cash charge in the third quarter of $0.04 per share for the revaluation of the deferred tax asset associated with our convertible debt due to a change in Massachusetts tax flow. Including the revaluation charge, we now expect charges excluded from non-GAAP results to total approximately $0.07 to $0.08 per share in 2008. Based on our strong first half comments and outlook for the remainder of the year, we are pleased to raise our 2008 sales and non-GAAP EPS guidance. We now expect sales growth to be in a range of 12% to 14% and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of $2.94 to $3. We have lowered our GAAP EPS guidance to a range of 259 to 265, primarily to reflect the expected impact from the revaluation of deferred tax asset. Our guidance includes the acquisition of NewLabs which is expected to close by the end of the third quarter, and the intended disposition of the vaccine business in Mexico. Since we anticipate owning NewLab for approximately one quarter in 2008, we expect the transition to provide only a slight revenue growth benefit for the year which is expected to be offset by the loss of revenue from the Mexican Vaccine business. NewLab is expected to be 20th of EPS in 2008, but slightly accretive to both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS in 2009. Our 2008 sales guidance implies a moderated growth rate for the second half of the year. As I noted earlier in my comments, this will partially be assumption of a reduced FX benefit in the second half as we anniversary the significant weakening of US dollar. Based on current exchange rates, we expect a 1% to 2% FX benefit in the second half of the year compared to a 4.1% benefit in the first half. In addition to the PCS top line pressures which Jim discussed, we anticipate that cost in Nevada and China which intensify in the third quarter will restrict sequential PCS margin improvement during the second half of the year. Because the first phase in Nevada was not completely open until the beginning of July, we will not book a full load of facility costs until the third quarter. The impact of these facility costs will be mitigated overtime as utilization continues to improve. As a result, we expect the 2008 PCS operating margin to be below last year's 21.5% level. We expect the normal seasonal weakness in the RMS margin in the fourth quarter but overall, expect the 2008 RMS margin to improve slightly compared to last year. For the full year, we anticipate the consolidated operating margin will be moderately lower than in 2007. Overall we are pleased with our second quarter performance and remain focused on meeting our revised sales and EPS expectations for the year. As our clients continue to face mounting challenges, we strive to adapt our business strategy and portfolio of a central products and services to better support our clients and accelerate drug development. That concludes our remarks. We will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question we go to the line of David Windley with Jefferies & Company.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on another good quarter. Wanted to, Jim, drill in on RMS. You have had a couple of very, very good top-line growth quarters in RMS. You mentioned that all the major business units are growing double-digits. Would it be possible to call out maybe one or two of the ones that are really blowing numbers out? What is driving that growth rate to such a high level?
Jim Foster: Well, actually, the primary drivers, Dave are continued substantial growth in our In Vitro business, sales of PTS, which are growing at a greater than 20% clip. We continue to have this growth rate, and given the penetration into the market and the acceptance of both the device and the cartridges that go with it, we are comfortable that we are going to continue to see growth there. The core animal business, just the production business has been very strong, both in Europe and the United States all year. As we said, we expect to see a continuation of that, principally driven by the drug companies intend to focus on discovering new compounds. Thirdly, our services business, albeit it a smaller business than the production business, continues to grow nicely, both on the consulting and staffing services side and on the GEMs side. Again, both of those service businesses are driven by the same factors that drive our preclinical business, which is a desire on the clients' part to utilize our capabilities on a strategic basis instead of continuing to do the work internally. I am happy to say it is hard to call out one or two, because it really is pretty much across the board. It is nice to see it internationally, and it is also nice to see the blend between the products and services, which is something that we do, and think is sustainable.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Right. That is encouraging. So second question then, moving over to PCS. The margin improvement there was impressive. The surprising metric to me was the revenue growth being a little bit on the slow side, and yet the margins did improve there. So it would seem that your utilization in the newer facilities did improve pretty significantly. As you described, the slower activity came away from those facilities. I think the press release mentioned some capacity constraint, and your prepared remarks sounded a little bit more like, say, softer demand. I was hoping you could help me to understand some of the dynamics that allowed you to improve margin while not necessarily seeing the utilization away from the new facilities that you would have hoped for.
Jim Foster:  Well, as we talked about, we are really pleased with the uptake in Nevada and Massachusetts. A lot of moving parts and pieces in both places. In Mass, we have been focusing on shifting the mix towards more higher-value, larger-GLP studies, and we are getting that, and building a backlog and filling capacity nicely. Nevada, literally, we have been moving into that building, the portion that we are building out was just finished in July. Notwithstanding that, business has been coming in nicely. Nevada tends to be a higher margin offering anyway, so that has contributed to the margin improvement very nicely. Also, I would remind you that we were also assisted by the very strong growth both in top line and bottom line at Northwest Kinetics, our relatively recent Phase 1 operation. The capacity constraint issue was principally, just a reminder about Montreal; we entered the year with tight capacity. You may recall that the physical space is literally maxed out; we can not build any further. Yet we have some very loyal, very large pharma clients who really think of Montreal as their own adjunct facility. We are going ahead and building out the Sherbrooke facility to accommodate those clients faster than anticipated; it will be ready in '09. So we are bucking up against capacity constraints there, hoping that we would have an attractive mix. While we often have an attractive mix, it is something that we cannot necessarily engineer or manage. So clients for whom we do specialty work will eventually and do eventually require us to do longer-term, more general studies. So we are seeing more of that now. We also had a little bit of study slippage in the quarter as well. We had some similar metrics in Edinburgh, principally around study slippage. Study slippage is an inherent part of the business. It has to do with continual re-prioritization of compounds and also whether the compound is ready to be administered; that often shifts. The backlog is obviously critical, because when it shifts, you want to have something else to slide in there. We almost always were able to do that. Sometimes, given the size and study or the species of the study or the specificity of the study, it is difficult to replace it one-for one. So we had some study slippage there as well, which is a little bit unusual for Edinburgh, but as I said, it is not unusual for the business as a whole. Also, Edinburgh has a wide range of products and services many of which we would call specialty. Again, there, the mix was a little less positive than we would have expected. So, overall we are very pleased with the results. Very pleased with the growth in most of our operating units, feel that the sliding of studies and the mix issue is inevitably transitory, because the specialty work will return. We are also seeing very good backlog building in the back half of the year, and confident that it will strengthen during that time.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company:  Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Douglas Tsao with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers:  Hi. Good morning. Just drilling down a little bit again on the RMS segment where the results were very strong. I have just been wondering, Jim, if you could provide some color around the growth rate that you saw for disease specific models relative to the standard outbred rat, which has historically been a much higher proportion of your overall sales mix?
Jim Foster: The disease model growth rate continues to be faster, particularly in immunodeficient mice which you have heard us talk about for multiple quarters now, widely utilized and respected model for oncological work and infectious disease work. We are continuing to see significant unit growth there this year. Size of that product offering is still substantially below our classic outbred rat offering. So it is extremely beneficial, but it is not the same order of magnitude or driver. Now, we also saw good growth in our outbred rat business as well. So, again, we saw very nice growth across the board. Unlike years previously, not so much '07 but years before that, we were very pleased with the growth rate particularly in Europe, where we have, as you recall, extremely high market shares, which means that in addition to getting some price and a positive mix a la the diseased models, we are also continuing to take share probably from our major competitor over there. There have been some facility closures by our major competitor over there, and we have been able to take advantage of that, both in geographic locales where we have large share and a couple that we have a smaller share.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Then turning to the PCS business; and you noted there is some delay with China coming online. I know originally you had indicated that you were going to offer non-GLP services in; I think it was the third quarter. Then, you know, that began to offer GLP services to accelerate around that time. I was just wondering if sort the initial shift in direction might have impacted the construction of the facility and led to this delay.
Jim Foster: That is a bit of an imponderable. I think a very simple answer is that construction of facilities like this, which is probably unique in terms of its makeup and sophistication, is not usual for Chinese construction companies. We have spent an awful lot of time managing that facility by sending our own people over there to do that. We are very pleased with the way it is shaping up and we are quite confident it will be a first-class Charles River quality facility. Yet we are just enduring basic construction delays having to do with regulatory approvals and the building methodologies over there. So, I do not think it was a shift in schedule that did it; I think it is their reference point or historical relationship to this building. We will feel much more confident when we build the next facility, which is likely to be larger, having gotten greater experience with the local contractors over there. I think we will be able to structure it and schedule it better. Having said that, we are really just talking about shifting things one quarter. We have been in contact with our clients who are driving the construction of the operation, because they are desirous of us being able to provide the services. We are happy to be able to provide the non-GLP stuff before the end of the year and the GLP stuff right after the beginning of the year. So, it is really only a slight delay.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Then, just if I can just get one final, quick follow-up question in terms of China. Should we expect to see an additional ramp-up of operating costs in the third quarter and fourth quarter that might affect PCS operating margins? Or has the spending level reached a level that will remain constant through the rest of the year?
Jim Foster: You will see some additional costs in the back half of the year, with, obviously, less revenue than we had originally forecasted because the facility will not be done. It is not a huge number, but it does have an adverse impact on certainly operating margin and a slight amount on revenues in the second half.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you. I will step out.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good morning. Sorry if I missed this, but I did not see any mention of the Endosafe multi-cartridge system in the prepared comments. Can you give us an update on the status of that? Then my follow-up question relates to the Japanese assets. Can you just be a little more specific on what was written down and what the impact of that was, please?
Jim Foster: Yes, the multi-cartridge system, Eric, is selling quite nicely. It is not a huge product offering for us, so it is not something we would necessarily cull out. We just had a review of that business recently, and we are selling those units at or ahead of our budgeted levels, with very positive response and acceptance by the quality control people. So, we are pleased with the way that is going. I will let Tom to answer the second question.
Tom Ackerman: Sure. Eric, the fixed assets we referred to were a handful of facility related assets that had been in place for a number of years, probably over 20 years, that had not been fully depreciated but that were no longer being utilized fully. So, in our review of a number of aspects of the operations and things like that and as we were going through recycles and upgrades, the management team felt it appropriate to write those assets down to zero essentially.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you very much.
Tom Ackerman: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Sandy Draper with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Thank you. Two questions. One, just looking at the EPS guidance and first half and second half ramp, I am may be missing something really obvious here, but if you annualize your first half, you get to the upper end of the range. Looking back at the past couple of years, your second half has tended to be as good if not better than the first half. What would you say is key drivers that would push the earnings lower in the second half versus the first half?
Tom Ackerman: Couple of the things that Jim already mentioned, a couple of questions ago, which is additional expenses in China, as an example, as we ramp up that facility.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: So that could be material? Okay.
Tom Ackerman: Well I am not sure I would characterize it exactly as material. I would characterize it as a contributing factor. Like that, Nevada, while we opened the facility in the first half of the year, the beginning of the year actually, we have actually expanded into the larger portion of the facility really at mid-year. So, we will see an additional ramp in depreciation as well as additional fixed costs associated with that, such as utilities and things like that. As we historically have seen, the RMS margins in the latter part of the year will decline also due to seasonality. So, those would be the three major contributing factors, I would say.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Okay, great. Just the follow-up question. I do not know if you have seen it, but it was just announced that one of your competitors announced an asset transfer deal with Eli Lilly. I just wanted to get your thoughts, not necessary specifically on that deal, but just what your interest level is in some of these asset transfer deals where you are actually taking over or buying out the actual assets from pharma and entering in long-term. Is that something you are interested in? What do you think about the economic model there? Just any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks.
Jim Foster: We are generally open to exploring relationships like that, and have explored several in the past. It obviously depends specifically on the proximity of the asset, the design of the asset and whether it is appropriate for the contract work that we do, as opposed to single use for one specific company. It also has to do with the ongoing relationship that you are able to craft with the seller. It is obviously better to get a running start and get some rational book of business along with that. Then it goes to price. So, we would be open at a rational price, and a lot of the price points of these facilities are higher than ours, not just from the capital acquisition point of view, but the ongoing running costs are higher. So, if we can get one that is costed out appropriately and helps us support that client and/or others in the right geographic locale, we would love to do that. Obviously, that is faster than building a place from scratch. If you could get business with a client, you have a much closer relationship and a running start. So, we think generally it is a good idea. As I have said, we have looked at several and none of those have met the criterion that I just outlined.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks for taking the question. I just have two. First, can you maybe help us on the RMS margin, Tom, even if we adjust for the Japan impact, the current guidance implies moderation. Consistent with historical trends, but maybe a little bit more than expected in the back half. Is there something that we should think about, given the acceleration in top line, as we think about leverage in the RMS business in general?
Tom Ackerman: I do not really think so. If you look back to 2007, for example, you will see that the RMS margin moved along nicely and almost linear for the first three quarters and then it fell off in the fourth quarter. The model activity itself, which is the largest driver of the profitability in that segment, tends to fall off dramatically in the very end of the fourth quarter, really from Thanksgiving through the New Year's holiday, and it creates quite a little bit of a drag on the RMS margin in the fourth quarter. Even if Services are doing better, as Jim alluded to earlier, the Service margin just does not have quite the contribution that the models do. The other thing I should comment, which I also mentioned earlier, but following up on, I think, Eric's question, we will also see a slightly higher tax rate in the second half of the year. Even though we expect it to be a little bit below our prior guidance, it will be a little bit higher in the second half versus the first half and that will create a little bit of drag on the EPS as well.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: So, just in terms of RMS, that should, at this point at least, mimic last year in terms of that trend for 3Q and 4Q?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, without necessarily saying that the impact would be the same from Q3 to Q4, directionally speaking, you will definitely see a trend.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Then, just my last question. You announced a pretty sizable increase to your share buyback authorization. How should we think about your plans for share buybacks relative to the current guidance as we think about the remainder of 2008?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, we do buy under a Corporate 10b51 program. It is a grid of volume and price, which we haven't disclosed the specifics of. However, what we have said over the last period is that that would probably give us a year and a half, two years, depending, and I think if you looked at our more recent activity, we should be in a band somewhere in line with that, again, obviously depending on stock price and things like that.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs:  So in terms of that, roughly now $230 million available in the authorization, we should think about that being exhausted over the year to year and a half to two years in a ratable fashion?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, I would say that is probably a good way to state it, essentially.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just first off, Tom, could you maybe talk for a minute about how you manage higher shipping cost for the models business, and maybe how higher energy costs could impact margins in the PCS business?
Tom Ackerman:  Sure. Well, we do have a surcharge in place. So of course, we try to do the best that we can to manage efficiency. However, of course, some of the rate increases that we have seen in fuel and whatnot obviously run outside of that. So we do have a surcharge in place for our ground transportation globally, and we will continue to adjust that as appropriate.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Then maybe just going a little bit deeper into cost of goods, how do you think about labor, raw materials and freight as components within cost of goods?
Tom Ackerman:  In terms of what we have seen from higher cost more recently?
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Yes, or cost of goods. What are the components there on a percentage basis for those three items?
Tom Ackerman: Can you be a little more specific? Do you mean what we are seeing year-over-year, or --?
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Sure, year-over-year would be fine.
Tom Ackerman:  Sure. In terms of labor in the models business, I mean, it is tending to run more in line with our sales growth. That is similar in PCS as well, except for our expansion activities, where, because of training and things like that, we tend to run a little bit ahead on some of our major expansions. The other expenses have really run in line. Utilities are obviously a little bit problematic for us at this point in time because of the oil costs that have driven that up. We are obviously looking to be as efficient as we can, and looking at a number of areas where we can try to reduce the actual utilization to have somewhat of an offset to the actual increases. Feed is an area that has impacted us on some of our businesses where we do not have longer-term pricing arrangements with our vendors in the US. However, we have been insulated from increase in the commodities markets because we do have contracts that protect us at least through 2008. However, as we turn the page on 2009, I do expect we will see some above-average increases in some of our feed commodities because of that.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Then just lastly on CapEx, for that $220 million to $240 million, can you remind us how that is broken out between investment and maintenance CapEx?
Tom Ackerman: I believe it is 60/40, growth versus maintenance. Is that right, Susan?
Susan Hardy: I think the maintenance was about 25% to 30%.
Tom Ackerman:  Okay, so 75% to 25%, expansion versus maintenance.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Great. Thanks very much.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Here we have a question fron the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Robbie Fatta - William Blair: Good morning. This is actually Robbie Fatta in for John today. Thanks for taking the question. As we think about consolidated margins, can you give us an update on your other initiatives to improve them, such as IT efficiencies and Six Sigma? Then, perhaps more broadly, have your longer-term expectations for margin improvement beyond 2008 changed in any way?
Tom Ackerman: Well, our margin improvement efforts, you touched on a couple of the areas. We recently embarked on a Six Sigma program; we have focused that in PCS. In fact, we have focused it more narrowly on one site, but are beginning to expand that to other sites. So we are very optimistic about the results that we can yield from that. We haven't made specific margin impact comments yet because we are still in the early stages and would like to be pretty accurate when we make comments like that. However, we are very positive about what we have seen so far and how we think we can improve margin. With respect to ERP, we also expect to be able to yield a lot of efficiencies, both in PCS and, to some extent in RMS. Again, we have not made specific comments with respect to how much it would improve the margin. However, based on where we are to date, we do think that it will give us benefits over the longer term. It may not necessarily impact us immediately when we turn the switches on because it will take some time to inculcate those new operations and practices into our main stream facilities, but we are optimistic about the benefits of that longer term. I do not think anything that we have seen nearer term has changed our outlook for where we think we will be with margins longer term. We still do think we can improve the PCS margins over the long haul. We still have an operating margin goal of 25% which of course is a goal that we expect to achieve, but over a multi-year period not in the next couple of years. So I do not think we have seen anything in the nearer term that would change our view long term. Things like sales growth, capacity utilization, Six Sigma and ERP are all mechanisms to help us get there.
Robbie Fatta - William Blair: Great. Thanks. Then just a quick follow-up on the RMS side. As we look at the organic growth, can you help us figure out how much is attributable to volume growth versus price increases?
Tom Ackerman: For margin growth in 2008?
Robbie Fatta - William Blair: Actually, organic revenue growth, I am sorry.
Tom Ackerman:  Organic revenue growth.
Robbie Fatta - William Blair: In the quarter. So it was 13%, how much of that was volume versus price?
Jim Foster: Price is probably 3% to 4%; the rest is volume and mix.
Robbie Fatta - William Blair: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question. We will go to the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company:  Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First question is, on the Q1 call, you said that PCS had rebounded from a light start in January. I believe you suggested that momentum had picked up throughout the quarter, and it actually continued into the second quarter. I know you have spent a lot of time talking about some of the reasons for what worked and what did not work in PCS this quarter. However, other than capacity constraints, was there anything of note that really changed over the last eight to ten weeks of the quarter? I points to this timeframe just keeping in mind that the Q1 call was held in early May.
Jim Foster: Nothing besides what we have already told you. We had very good demand and very good capacity utilization across almost all of our facilities. Yes, in the back half of the quarter we had study slip. We had studies booked and we were about to start them and they slipped. We had a mix that was slightly less desirable than we had anticipated. It is almost impossible to call, but historically, the mix has been a little bit richer than that. That will in time shift back to a more positive mix.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. To be a little bit more straightforward, I just want to make sure there is no real change in how basically invisibility quarter-to-quarter here relative to how it has tracked the last couple of quarters.
Jim Foster: No, we do not think there is any change.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. Maybe just one quick follow-up on that; RMS is clearly doing better than you expected coming into the year. PCS came up a bit light. Recognizing that pharma outsourcing remains a very favorable dynamic for you and that quarter-to-quarter performance can be a bit volatile, any chance you would be willing to share any thoughts on what you think is a realistic one to three year organic sales growth target for RMS and PCS? 
Jim Foster: What we have said is that, I think we have talked about it in the aggregate, which is that we are looking at low double-digit growth rates collectively for our business. Up until recently we have been looking at the RMS as a high single digit grower. To some extent, I do not want to say we would be pleased with that, but to some extent, given its historical metrics, we would be pleased with that. There is certainly a possibility we will hit low double-digit growth in that business in the next three to five years. We would expect PCS over the long term to be in the low double-digit growth levels as well. So, it could be similar; it could be that PCS has slightly higher growth rate. However, in the aggregate our goal has been to grow this business organically at low double digits levels, with buttressed by these strategic bolt-on acquisitions like the one we just announced. We continue to be quite confident in our ability to deliver that level of growth.
Tom Ackerman:  Stacey, are we all clear on the line?
Operator: Yes, we are.
Jim Foster: We did not know if we were --
Operator: Do you have any closing comments, actually?
Susan Hardy: Yes, thank you. Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes the conference call. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Vice President of Investor Relations Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs John Kreger - William Blair & Company Sandy Draper - Raymond James John Sullivan - Leerink Swann Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities Soo Jin Nam - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Charles River First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' first quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. This morning Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will comment on our first quarter results and review guidance for 2008. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 912464. The replay will be available through May 21st. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our investor relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 20, 2008, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'm very pleased to report to you today on another excellent quarter for Charles River. We reported robust sales of 338 million in the first quarter of '08, a growth rate of 16% and $291 million in the first quarter of '07. Research Models and Services or RMS increased 17.8% to a $169 million and Preclinical Services or PCS grew 14.1% to a $169 million. Foreign exchange contributed 6.3% and 2.1% respectively to the segment. Organic sales growth was approximately 12% for each of these segments, and on a consolidated basis was right in line with our long-term growth goal of low double-digits. For the quarter, operating income was $71.8 million, and the operating margin was 21.2% compared to $63.4 million and 21.8% reported in the first quarter of '07. Operating income growth was due primarily to higher sales and improved capacity utilization in the RMS segment and stable corporate costs. The operating margin declined just 60 basis points year-over-year, as very strong RMS performance offset the expected decline in the PCS margins, primarily due to the significant cost associated with the transition to our new pre-clinical facility in Nevada. Earnings per share increased 12.5% to $0.72, from $0.64 in the first quarter of '07. Robust sales growth and improved operating efficiency in the RMS segment more than offset the cost associated with the Nevada transition, and a higher share count due primarily to dilution from our convertible debt. As you know from our press release, we are reaffirming our '08 guidance of sales growth in the range of 10% to 13%, and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $2.87 to $2.97. Given the strength of our organization and the opportunities we see in our market place, we believe that these targets are achievable. In the first quarter of '08, we saw a continuation of the strong demand that drove our '07 results, as our clients endeavored to fill their pipelines with new therapies to improve human health and to do so more efficiently and cost effectively. We spoken often about the inflection point at which the pharmaceutical industry has arrived and the industry is increasing willingness to adopt strategic outsourcing is not only a viable alternative, but an incredibly efficient mean by which to help accelerate drug development and reduce the infrastructure and cost. We believe we will continue to see a steady flow of outsource work from the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies over the long-term. Our investments in infrastructure including facilities, senior staff and information technology have positioned us extremely well to support the increased demand from our clients. We have built a strong franchise, a unique continuum of products and services, which expands the broadest portion of the discovery and development spectrum primarily its use for research model to proof of concept. We support and enhance our client research process as no other provider can and we believe that the expertise, we have developed over 60 years, the global network of facilities we have dealt and continue to expand and a highly talent work force of more than 8,500 our assets which bring great value to our clients. It's for this reason that we believe we are viewed as a partner of choice and one on which our clients can rely to help and navigate the challenging process of bringing new therapies to markets. Let's review our first quarter operating segment highlights. The outstanding performance of the RMS segment in '07 was followed by an even better first quarter of '08. Sales rose 17.8% in the quarter to $168.6 million. Growth was broad based in the segment, with all of our major business lines reporting double-digit growth. The segment sales benefited from robust spending by pharma and biotech clients at favorable sales mix at stable pricing environment and market share gains. Higher sales and improved operating efficiencies generated a 30 basis point gain in the operating margin to 33.4%, compared to 33.1% in the first quarter of last year. This is one of the best operating margins we reported since we went public in June of 2000. We experienced this improvement despite the fact that the first quarter of '07 benefited from a significant increase in sales of large models. As you may recall, extended quarantine resulted in the shift of a portion of fourth quarter '06 large model sales to the first quarter of '07 with a positive effect on the margin. Production of research models was largest contributed to the first quarter sales growth with all geographic locations, the United States, Europe and Japan reporting robust sales. The bellwether US business again reported a double-digit sales increase as it did in '07. We often remark that sales in research models are a proxy for drug discovery and development. Since without these critical research tools, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies cannot bring new drugs to market, use extensively for research and oncology and infectious diseases. Sales of immunodeficient mice increased significantly in the quarter and sales of outbred rats, which are used in safety testing also, trended higher. Sales the US academic institutions and governments agencies, particularly in the United States also increased due to both higher spending and market share gain. Our clients' choice to outsourced services, which they either view as non-core or for which they choose not to retain the in-house expertise, because such services can be obtained more efficiently from a scientific expert like Charles River, resulted in higher sales to most of our RMS service businesses. Our transgenic services business, which has been re-branded as genetically engineered models and services or GEM reported double- growth in the first quarter. We are also gaining traction in our consulting and staffing services or CSS business through which we provide research model facility management services. Although contract often extend for multiple years and margins to this business are lower than the segment average. However, the return on invested capital is very attractive since we generally do not own the facility. One inception is our new facility in Maryland, which is being built to support our CSS contract with the National Cancer Institute. As you know this is the first dedicated resources arrangement in RMS and through this long-term agreement, we gained a platform to provide commercial production and services in the very attractive Mid-Atlantic region. We are looking forward to moving the NCI models to this new high-end space in the second quarter of '08 slightly ahead of schedule. Our In Vitro business again delivered growth about 20% at a rate even higher than in '07. We continue to have great success with the PTS. Growth is increasing not only as a result of a larger number of devices in use, but also due to an increase in the average number of cartridges used per device. In addition, the device is portability and ease of use, are driving expanded sales of the PTS. As we said before, the PTS is being adopted by nuclear pharmacies and dialysis clinics for rapid response time in ease of use have critical requirement. The rapid response time is also made the PTS an excellent option for compliance for the FDA's PAT initiative, which requires timely testing in order to promote improved quality control in the manufacture of medical devices and injectable drugs. In addition, a portion of the In Vitro sales growth was attributable to a strategic decision to change our distribution channel. We have slowly been acquiring our small European distributors, which gives us direct access to clients. Historically, the RMS business has been a consistent driver of our sales and earnings growth and that was amply demonstrated in the first quarter of '08. Our research, models and services are critical components of our clients' ability to successfully launch new therapeutics. And for that reason, we believe that all the way in the long-term, demand for these essential products and services will continue to be strong and the RMS segment will deliver high-single-digit sales growth, margins in the 30 plus percent range, strong cash flows and excellent returns on invested capital. The PCS segment reported robust sales of $169.1 million in the first quarter, a growth rate of 14.1% over the first quarter of '07. January was a light month as we experienced the usual slow study starts, which occur when pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients establish their compound priorities at the beginning of the year. February and March were quite strong, the numerous studies being initiated at our toxicology facilities. We were particularly pleased with the growth in Massachusetts, which has continued to make excellent progress towards its goal to shift the sales mix to a greater proportion of GLP toxicology services. As a result of this progress and the closure of the legacy Worcester facility, the Massachusetts operating margin improved both year-over-year and sequentially. Our new state-of-the-art facility in Nevada opened on schedule in January. And as planned we expect to have 80% of the building or 370,000 square feet open by mid-year. Our global facilities management group and a dedicated team in Reno worked together to bring this newly validated facility online on schedule. We are proud of the facility and very pleased with our clients' positive response to it. Like Massachusetts last year clients are eager to begin work in the new facility. All of our major clients have completed their site audits and many have already placed studies. Increase are increasing and we are successfully converting those increase to bookings. Overall, we have extremely pleased with the success of the transition to date and fully expect to meet our schedule completion date in December. As we've discussed previously, the cost of transitioning from the legacy to the new Nevada facility is substantial, which is one of the two contributing factors in the PCS first quarter operating margin. The operating margin declined to 18.3% from 21.4% in the first quarter of '07, and sequentially from 20.6% in the fourth quarter of '07. With the facility newly opened, we believe the Nevada operating margin was at its lowest point in the first quarter. We expect sequential improvement in the PCS operating margin from this point driven primarily by improved efficiency in Massachusetts and Nevada. Foreign exchange in Canada was the other factor that significantly affected the PCS operating margin in the first quarter of '08. As a result of the strong Canadian dollar, the PCS operating margin was reduced by 175 basis points compared to the first quarter of '07 when the US dollar was stronger. We are continuing to work with our customers to shift our billing to Canadian dollars, which will result in a natural hedge as we have in other countries where we do business. As we've discussed previously, we expect that by the end of '08, we will be billing slightly more than half of Montreal sale in U.S. dollar. Our Phase I business performed in line with our expectations in the first quarter. Clinical Services Northwest reported strong sales growth, but Clinical Services Edinburgh continued to be impacted by uncertainties surrounding regulation. Foreign exchange exacerbated the situation with clients preferring to place business in the U.S. to avoid currency arbitrage. We have implemented changes in the U.K. clinic, including a new management team. We believe these changes will benefit our operation and expect the business to improve by the second half of '08. As you know, Nevada and Massachusetts were the largest of our expansion project and the ones that presented the greatest execution risk. As we move towards completion of the first phase in Nevada, I am very pleased to say that both projects went extremely well. I am exceedingly proud of the Charles River team, who dedicate themselves to these projects and who maintained that dedication as we continuously expand our facilities to support the demand with services from our client. We are working towards an early '09 opening of the facility in Sherbrooke, Quebec and still expect it will dedicate to one or two large global pharmaceutical clients. Both Ohio and Edinburgh expansions are progressing well and will be opened in mid '09.  The 50,000 square foot facility in Shanghai will open on schedule in the third quarter of '08 and will likely be dedicated to a small number of large multinational pharmaceutical client. Based on the strength of demand from these clients who are working in China, we are already pursuing the second phase of our operation. The China marketing is expanding quickly and we expect it to be a major venue for multiple Charles River products and services within the next three to five years. We intend to be a leading provider of drug development product and services to our client in China and we'll judiciously build the infrastructure we need to make that goal a reality. As we said before, building capacity while challenging is not the fact to which limits our ability to grow. Staffing that capacity is the key to our ability to support our clients demand and our own growth. As we explained only transition in that we have developed extensive hiring protocols to ensure that we attract the qualified personal we want and the programs to train them to work successfully in our business. We did play well staffing at Massachusetts and have expanded and customize the staffing plan for Reno. Recognizing that Reno would be a more difficult local from which to draw an employee pool, in '05 we began to reach out through educational institutions in the area, in order to raise our visibility and employer choice for graduates that effort combined with our staffing plan has created a larger pool of qualified applicants and we are successfully hiring to fill new position. We are using variations of these staffing plans at all of our location and I very pleased with the results that we have achieved. So in conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the growth we experienced in the first quarter of '08 demonstrates the strength of demand for the broad portfolio of essential product and services we offer. All of our decisions in recent years we directed a physician in Charles River to support the trend towards outsourcing among our pharmaceutical and biotechnology client. These decisions included a focus on our core competencies of laboratory animal medicine and science and regulatory compliant preclinical services, capacity expansion, strengthening our senior management team and hiring scientific experts to deepen our knowledge base, strategic bolt-on acquisition and investments in technology to support the growing information requirements of our business. We believe that the goals of faster and more efficient drug development will continue to lead our client to outsource and the expertise of premiere partners like Charles River, who have the capacity to support drug discovery and development, will continue to enable this trend. We believe we will continue to see the virtualization of big pharma and biotech. So at Charles River, we are building our clients facility and hiring staff for them. In fact we are becoming our clients' infrastructure, working with them to accomplish their goals of bringing new therapies to markets faster and more efficiently. I would like to thank more than 8500 employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their continuing support. Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our strong first quarter financial results, let me remind you that I will be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude all acquisition related amortization and other items. Sales and operating income once again grew at a robust double-digit rate in the first quarter, continuing the momentum from 2007. This drove a 12.5% year-over-year increase in EPS to $0.72. The consolidated operating margin declined 60 basis points year-over-year to 21.2% as very strong RMS results offset a significant portion of the increased operating cost due to the Nevada transition and the negative impact of foreign exchange in Canada. Foreign exchange benefited revenue growth by 4.2% in the first quarter or by approximately $12 million. The RMS segment benefit was 6.3%, due primarily to the continued strength of the EURO. However, the PCS segment gained only 2.1% from FX, primarily as a result of the impact of weaker British pound on our PCS facility in Edinburgh, Scotland. The $12 million top line gain translated into nominal benefit to consolidated operating income. As a result of our natural hedge at most of our locations, we would expect the top line to flow through to operating income at the margin range. However, due to our exposure to the Canadian dollar at PCS Montreal, where we are not naturally hedged, the flow through is limited. Foreign exchange primarily due to the strong Canadian dollar reduced the PCS segments' operating income by $2.3 million and margin by approximately 175 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year. We are making progress in our goal to reduce the impact of foreign exchange in operating margins by invoicing more of our PCS Montreal clients in Canadian dollars and expect to reduce Montreal as US denominated sales slightly more than half by the end of 2008. This configuration takes time as the change in billing will be perspective and we remain in US dollars for studies in progress had already been scheduled. Foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on sequential PCS margins, since the US dollar has not moved much relative to the Canadian dollar in the last six months. We generated a six consecutive quarter of sequential sales growth in the first quarter, driven primarily by the RMS segment. The consolidated operating margin improved by 50 basis points sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2007. The 580 basis point improvement in the RMS margin from the seasonally weaker fourth quarter more than offset the expected decline in the PCS operating margin as well as a sequential increase in unallocated corporate cost. The margin increase and a lower tax rate result in an 11% sequential increase in EPS during the first quarter. Unallocated corporate overhead declined by $200,000 year-over-year to $15.6 million in the first quarter of 2008, as cost related to performance based compensation and the EAP implementation were offset by lower healthcare related expenses. On a sequential basis, unallocated corporate overhead increased by nearly $6 million driven by the expected increase in healthcare fringe and related costs. The fourth quarter included favorable true ups for certain expenses at year end, which did not repeat in the first quarter. Net interest expense decreased by $600,000 sequentially and $1.4 million year-over-year, primarily driven by lower interest rates. Debt repayment activities also contributed to they year-over-year reduction with slightly over one-third of our debt floating rate, the federal reserves, aggressive rate cuts resulted in lower interest expense as the LIBOR-based rates decline. Other expense was $800,000 in the first quarter as a result of an investment losses on assets associated with deferred compensation plan. As expected, our tax rate declined to 27.8% in the first quarter due to a reduction of the corporate tax rates and certain foreign jurisdictions, including Germany, the U.K. and Canada. Turning to balance sheet and cash flow items, cash and cash equivalents including short and long-term marketable securities declined to $269 million at the end of the first quarter from $289 million at the end of last year. Accounts receivable increased to $239 million from $214 million at the end of 2007. As a result, DSO was less favorable at 38 days versus 35 days at the end of the year, but within our targeted range and flat compared to the first quarter of 2007. Free cash flow was a negative $9 million in the first quarter compared to a positive $1 million last year. CapEx was slightly higher than last year at nearly $40 million in the first quarter of 2008. Based on first quarter levels, we continue to expect CapEx for the year to be between $220 million and $240 million, and free cash flow to be in a range of $50 million to $75 million. Depreciation increased $2.7 million year-over-year to $14.8 million in the first quarter and we continue to expect it to be $65 million for the year due to new capacity coming online. Total amortization expense declined 300,000 year-over-year to $7.6 million in the first quarter, as a portion of the intangible assets from the Inveresk acquisition were amortized over a shorter three-year period, which ended in 2007. However, our full-year guidance for amortization expense increased to approximately $31 million or $0.30 per share as noted in the guidance table in the press release. The $0.02 increase versus the previous estimate was primarily driven by foreign exchange rates since our Inveresk related intangible assets are booked in Canada and the U.K. Many of you have asked about our exposure to auction rate securities given the recent turmoil in the credit markets. We hold only $21 million in these instruments which are classified as long-term marketable securities on balance sheet. These securities are AAA rated and backed by government student loans. As of March 29th, we recorded a fair value adjustment on these securities of approximately 600,000 due to the lack of liquidity in the current auction market. There was no P&L impact since this was booked as an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity. However, we believe we will get full value for these securities either through future successful auctions or by holding them until maturity. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 350,000 shares of our common stock at a cost of approximately $21 million. We had approximately $75 million remaining on our current buyback authorization at the end of the first quarter, which we expect to help offset share dilution from option exercises. As many of you know, we hold 350 million in convertible notes, which have become more of a focus in recent quarters due to incremental share account dilution and the proposed accounting change by the FASB. Dilution from the convertible was 1.4 million shares in the first quarter of 2008 based on an average share price of approximately $61. Because our diluted share count for the full-year will be contingent on the dilution from the convertible debt, we have chosen not to update our 2008 share count guidance. The dilution is directly correlated with our stock price and can vary from quarter-to-quarter making it difficult to forecast share count. As for the accounting change, FASB recently reaffirms staff proposal APB 14-a and directed the staff to draft a final FSP. The final FSP has not been approved or issued at this time, but we believe that it will require us to bifurcate our 350 million convertible note into debt and equity for book purposes and allocate a higher implied interest rate to the debt portion. Since this is only a book adjustment, it would have no cash or economic impact on us, only a P&L expense. Since the expected rule has not been approved and will not be effective until our 2009 fiscal year, we have chosen not to estimate the impact at this time or discuss any potential actions we might take to mitigate the effect. In April, our Board approved a plan to freeze our U.S. defined benefit pension plan, effective April 30th. At the same time, we also enhanced the 401-K plan benefits to all U.S. employees. As a result of the pension curtailment, we expect to incur an estimated one-time gain of approximately $0.04 per share in the second quarter of 2008, which we will exclude from non-GAAP results. While offsetting this gain, we expect to incur a charge of approximately $0.01 to $0.02 per share in 2008 related to the planned disposition of our legacy preclinical facility in Western Massachusetts. Although, we exited this facility at the end of 2007, we continue to hold the owned real estate and are evaluating our options to dispose the property. We recorded a charge of approximately $700,000 or $0.01 per share in the first quarter which was excluded from non-GAAP results. Should there be future charges associated with the disposal, they will also be excluded from non-GAAP results. Overall, our financial performance in the first quarter of 2008 marked a continuation of the strength we experienced throughout 2007. We are reiterating our 2008 guidance of sales growth in a range of 10% to 13%, GAAP earnings per share in a range of 259 to 269, and non-GAAP earnings per share in a range of 287 to 297. Our revenue guidance continues to be driven by underlying organic growth of 9% to 12%, as we originally discussed last December. Although the implied FX benefit of approximately 1% for the full year is lower than the 4% benefit generated in first quarter. We expect in aggressive with the significant weakening of the US dollar in the second half of the year and forecast rates to moderate in the current spot rate. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect to see a sequential improvement in PCS sales, which would be consistent with historical trends. We also expect increasing sales in Nevada will result in improved capacity utilization at the new facility, which will benefit the overall PCS operating margins sequentially. In summary, we are pleased with our first quarter results and continue to look forward to a strong performance to the remainder of 2008. That concludes our remarks. We will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question we got from the line of Douglas Tsao with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering, Tom or Jim if you could just walk through some of the mechanics to so we could understand why the margin impact this quarter for the moving to Reno with greater than what we saw last year. And I understand that Reno is obviously much bigger, and the business mix was little different. But did you have a change in how to staff up in Reno a little more in advance this time?
Tom Ackerman: I don't think the staffing itself had a huge impact Doug, as Jim alluded. We learnt some things from Massachusetts, but I'd expect that would be favorable. Nevada is a much larger facility. I think as Jim remarked in his comments, we also got off to a slightly slower start in January in part due to what we would consider seasonal trends around the holidays at year end, where they can an interruption in staffs and stuff. It is a larger facility. We did begin our space utilization in December and then really ramped up progressively in January. Originally in Massachusetts, we really didn't get into that facility. As I remember correctly, until a little bit later in Q1 and more into Q2. So, I think the biggest impact in Massachusetts, as we move from the old facility to new facility, which really later on the first quarter and more towards the second quarter, but also as you said, it was a smaller facility as well.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: And then also I was just hoping you would provide some contest and hope for not getting a little ahead of ourselves, but thinking about next year with the new move into the Quebec facility. Should we anticipate comparable margin pressure or the fact that you anticipate that being filled with your dedicated space agreement mean that it will be much more profitable from day one?
Jim Foster: You should think of the Nevada and Mass facilities as being unusual in the scale and scope. A lot of replacement space and an enormous amount of cost being brought on and some infrastructure actually in place for shelf space that has not even been finished yet. The Sherbrooke facility is much smaller; actually the first phase of what would be a larger facility as I think you commented on yourself, it's essentially spoken for by one or two global pharmaceutical companies. So, we expect the up-tick will be dramatic, not unlike even though it was a new facility, but not unlike, when we had space to an existing operations, so we wouldn't expect significant drag from that facility next year.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: And then also sticking to PCS, where there costs related to the opening of the Shanghai facility this quarter? Was that also a drag on the margin?
Jim Foster: Yeah, you've got substantial cost in China that really didn't exist at all last year. We have a relatively modest amount of sales from the legacy company that we acquired and of course we're having staff, both corporate and scientific staff, and beginning to build out that facility. So, China is the small drag on our numbers, but fully anticipated and fully reflected in our guidance.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: And then finally turning to RMS that which was very strong, did you begin shipments from the new barrier rooms in California this quarter, and did that provide some of the margin list that we saw on a year-on-year basis? You sort of normalizing the non-human climate effect that we saw last year.
Jim Foster: Yeah, it would be modest. We did shift from those first two rooms, there up to full production. There is some benefit from that part from the top line and the margin, and how we utilize the rest of our national infrastructure better. I don't think the dramatic factor is that we had broad based, very strong demand across the entire sector both with Research Models production In Vitro, GEM and other services. And that's a reflection of both the outsourcing trend, and the really increasingly intensified focus of our clients on generation new compounds as there are additional challenges on the fundamental business model, and their portfolios.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. I'll hop out for now. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good morning. I'm curious first up on Reno. It looks like if we exclude the year-to-year foreign currency drag and potentially the start up expenses and redundancies in Reno that your pre-clinical margins might have actually been flat to higher, excluding those events on a year-over-year basis. Could you offer any color on that and whether that assessment is correct?
Tom Ackerman: Well, I mean there are a multitude of factors that play, Eric. We have a number of facilities. And, clearly, we delineated what you said. And as Jim said, we had strength in many of our businesses, so I think in the whole, PCS business continues to be very strong, and I think the two or three main factors impacting it, either sequentially or versus last year continue to be Nevada. The foreign exchanges in Canada and to a lesser extent some of the activities in our Phase I areas. China as Jim mentioned, but some of our other areas are particularly strong as well.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Shifting gears to In Vitro, you mentioned that you've been kind of slowly acquiring some of your European distributors. However, at least through calendar '07, we didn't see much of an uptick in cash flow from investing activities on that line item, not a lot of acquisition payouts. Were more of these events happening in the first quarter of '08 that we haven't yet seen? And can you just quantify how many of these distributors are out there? What kind of acquisition cost you are experiencing?
Jim Foster: They are very small. There are small distributors in multiple countries in Europe. We wanted to get the benefit of going directly to the client, obviously getting some benefit on margin, having control of our own destiny. I think we did a couple of those small deals last year. We hope to do a few more. And again, they are quite small. We don't know with certainty that we'll get them done, but we're certainly pursuing the same strategy and we've had very good response from the people that we've approached about that being also good business transaction for them. Many of the founders or the owners of these small businesses stay with us and continue to work with and for us. So, we've maintained the continuity with clients and get the enhanced benefit of the margins. So, they are small and settled, important strategically, and moving the dime a little bit particularly in the In Vitro business.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Jim, is it safe to say that even if you are successful in closing a few more of these deals, that be acquisition proceeds from this specific activity would be less than $10 million this year or more than 10, can you give us some direction?
Jim Foster:  It's less.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Less.
Jim Foster: It's very small is what we're trying to tell you. And while we're getting a little bit of a benefit, if you put that all inside In Vitro business, which we are very fond of and believe in it's growth potential is performing extraordinarily well, I would say slightly better than our expectations. We are getting amazing uptick generally in the devices. And more importantly, because you'll recall, we've always articulated that this is a razorblade business. We are beginning to see some discernible results with numbers of cartridges used and frequency of use. So, fundamental strength of that business is really what's driving it. This is just a little bit of benefit on top of something already performing extremely well.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: That's great. Final question related to PCS segment. I think in the prepared commentary in slide deck, there is a discussion about sequential improvement in sales in PCS expected through the year. Are you referencing increases in dollars specifically or an increase in the reported growth rate?
Tom Ackerman: The comment itself was directed at dollars quarter-over-quarter.
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Randall Stanicky from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks, guys very much for the question. Tom, I may have missed it. Did you talk about the full-year PCS margin? I think previously you've talked of similar level to '07, which would imply about 12.5%?
Tom Ackerman: Correct. And we didn't make that comment on this call, but we did reaffirm that on our fourth quarter call. And really we don't expect anything different. So, obviously, if you look at the underlying trends and the other comments we've made in the call, we expect to see sales grow sequentially quarter-to-quarter, and we expect the margin to come and end up at or about the same place for the full-year as last year.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: That implies, what I would think some modest improvements next quarter, and then a stronger back half, just given the timing of some of the China facility and otherwise peaking I guess above 23.5 to 23, as we get later into the year. I guess the question we think about that, and we think about the mix of some of the higher margin studies space coming on with some of the space survey or not, is there a level of what we should be thinking about in terms of operating leverage, where this business can get too far profitably perspective?
Tom Ackerman: You mean as in an ideal margin or?
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, exactly.
Tom Ackerman: I think to go back to your first comments. We expect the margins to improve throughout the year. I wouldn't necessarily say at this time I expected to improve any more or less in one quarter versus the other, for instance your comment about some in Q2, but more in the back half. I think based on some of your other comments while I expected to improve given things like mix, pricing and some of the other factors. It's not always going to be exactly 50 basis points or 100 basis improvement quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter I think there is going to be some volatility, but directionally, I think it's continue to improve and go up. Our stated longer term goal is to be at 25% that's what we are working towards a number of our sites are higher than that. And we obviously, are struggling with the capacity expansion in terms of the level of costs through this period, as we bring on those large amounts of space. But again, it's a stated target, which we think we can achieve to really get to 25%, although that's going to take some time.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great and just one last follow-up on that or not on that specifically, but as you think, you made some comments in your initial release around strength of customer demand both specifically biotech and pharma. Have you seen any fluidity at all within biotech spaces you think about the different types of customers in that space, or are it stronger across the board?
Jim Foster: It's been very strong across the board and it's been very strong internationally as well. So, we are seeing the continuation of the trend that we experienced last year. We really are not seeing, notwithstanding what you read in the press, some on the indications with the challenges of the clients we are facing and workforce reduction and some of the challenges, some of the drugs that have not been approved. Recently, rather than a pullback, we are seeing further intensification of demand, pretty much across the board; it's not really segmented by biotech or pharma. As we've always said, it tends to be a blurring of those two, in any event. And we are also getting some benefits, strictly on research models, business after years is not being very effective in that marketplace of some penetration into the government sector and into the academic sector as we pick up share, as result of our price point being compressed positively somewhat with the competition.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Great, that's great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. You have a question from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company: Thanks very much. Question for Tom. You did about 16% revenue growth this quarter, but reiterated expectations for 11% to 13%. In terms of the slowdown that's implied for the rest of the year, should we really think about that just as a foreign currency impact or there are other parts of the business, where you'd expect a slower growth throughout the rest of the year?
Tom Ackerman: We are really not expecting any downturn per say in any of our broad based businesses. As I mentioned at the outset, foreign exchange has been significant in Q1. It's also been very volatile. So, as we look forward to where our numbers would be for the year, we are expecting a pullback in some of the strengths in the overseas currencies. In part because that's where we're weak, but also just to be a little conservative on a dollar that's historically at all time lows. So, we do expect to see some moderation. And the other comments that I made in the remarks was that while we have seen a lot of benefit from foreign exchange in the first quarter. We do get nice flow through in the RMS side, but unfortunately with the Canadian dollar, we didn't get a lot of flow through from PCS because of that in fact is negative. So, the impact of OI/EPS was really not that significant, even though the sales impact was very strong. So, I think all of those comments together really align us to pretty much reaffirm our guidance. It's still early in year and because of those factors in the range that we have, we're just reaffirming our guidance at this time.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company: Great, thanks. And then Jim, question, you said earlier on the call that RMS is often viewed as a proxy for drug development. Can you expand on whether or not you are seeing anything interesting in RMS that might reflect out various customer segments are behaving. For example, are you seeing any signs of either increased or decreased flow of compounds out of the discovery labs? And also are you seeing any changes in the number of models being used per compounds that flow in?
Jim Foster: We were really not. I would say that we continue to see a strengthening in the demand. We're definitely seeing more compounds getting into the early development process. The whole goal is of course clients, they have more than often get market, but slightly better, of course that invigorates our business as that space is stronger. The trend from model usage is relatively similar to the last couple of years. We've really huge growth in our immunocompromised mouse space given all the oncology work in particular. Of that rat sales are reflection of the strength in toxicology not just by Charles River, but by our competitors and also our clients who are still doing work internally. And we continue to have improvement in some of our disease models in areas like diabetes, which should continue as we have more models, that have been developed with specific disease types. And also large animal sales continue to be consistently strong as the number of biologics getting into the pipeline continues to increase.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company: Great. Thanks. And then just one last question on the PCS side, as you have strategic discussions with your clients and as you've completed your major facility upgrade, what's really driving their decision to use one of your particular facilities over the other? Is that a discussion that you can influence or is that something that they are driving? And I am trying to get at your ability to do some little balancing going forward?
Jim Foster: Very important question, and the one that deal with constantly. So, I would say the primary decisions, our historical relationship with the sight, confidence in its management particularly it's scientific management and specifically with certain study directors and the mix of services at a particular site, so whether it's clinical or laboratory services or some sophisticated toxicological service like infusion or inhalation type. So it drawn to that and it's a level of comfort that comes through months or years of doing work with that site. Remember that looking at these sites is adjunctive and adjunctive to their own and they need to have total confidence. Proximity is somewhat of an issue. All things being equal, I think lots of clients particularly smaller biotech clients like it. One other things that we talk about a lot is clients that have a clinical relationship at comfort level with particular site, what's required to get comfortable with an alternative one and I think that if you look at the two big sites that we've now rehabilitated or reinvigorated or improved, it's just going to be time. It's going to be a comfortable level of doing studies there and having some knowledge base of the scientific staff, and feeling that it's comparable to someone else that they have done. So we talked historically about fungibility of sites, probably not literally likely that all sites will be created equal. But we would hope that our major clients would be comfortable with one or two sites assuring perhaps the third one. Obviously, the more sites they are comfortable with, the more flexibility we have in ensuring that our capacity is fully utilized throughout the globe.
John Kreger - William Blair & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Sandy Draper with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James:  Thanks. Just a couple of housekeeping questions as most of my bigger picture questions have been asked. One, can you give me a breakout between actual interest income versus interest expense, not just the net?
Tom Ackerman: I don't have that in front of me, but we can get you that after the call.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Okay. Great. And the second question is, in terms of, you gave some comments around the corporate expense, looking back at '07 and even little bit of '06, where you saw the higher first half and declining, is it best to look at corporate expense as sort of year-over-year and there is normal seasonal decline in that. I'm just trying to think the best way to think about modeling that corporate expense line.
Tom Ackerman: Well, one of the items that's created some variability as we've historically had higher healthcare cost in the first half of the year and we think that's due to the new plan opening and people not doing things around the holiday. We saw that last year. We also tend to see payroll taxes and things like that be heavier in the first part of the year and then ease up, as an example when people get over the maximum requirements by their government. This year we saw the same trends but probably not as heavy in the first part of the year. But I really think you should look at it as an overall, and expect a little bit of volatility throughout the year. And we also had a couple of favorable adjustments in the fourth quarter that pushed it down a little bit, that were not really what you'd call one-time items, but more or less one-offs in addition to the other comments I made.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: But so you wouldn't expect necessarily to trend back down to that same fourth quarter levels you saw last year?
Tom Ackerman: No. Definitely not.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from the line of John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. First of all, on the Endosafe PTS, it sounds like you're finding new customers well, including in some locations that maybe aren't traditional Charles River customers. Just wondering what's the long-term plan for the distribution channel for Endosafe PTS?
Jim Foster: So John, I would say that, it's not that we're finding a new location to sell. We're continuing to sell in those countries. We just have made some modest acquisitions of some of our distributors so that we have direct relationships with the clients and also the benefits of the margins. So, that really hasn't changed. We are having very good results in acceptance of this technology and the validation and learning curves that the clients are going through on a pretty wholesale basis across a very large client base and an international client base. As you know, it's truly a global product where we're continually making innovations. So, our penetration is as good as or better than we anticipated. What was the second part of your question?
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: I was just wondering in clinical sites like dialysis centers in the like, you intend to continue to distribute to those types of sites.
Jim Foster: We do and have done and also places like nuclear pharmacies, so we're getting very big and substantial up-tick from those locations.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Okay. And lastly switching gears on can you just comment on -- are there any changes in professional turnover at the company specifically at the study director level?
Jim Foster: No, we've been having very wonderful response in attracting senior talent from primarily former clients, large pharma and biotech companies there is some people marking in really great reputation in the field. I think people are coming as we said in prior calls because it's becoming a collaborative society here in a place that very small scientist want to stay and work. I think the career opportunities from a longevity and from the long-term factor is stronger at a company like ours there maybe some of the alternative, side of the contrary it's relatively easy and when I say relative, it is relative historically to attract the senior talent and now we're not loosing them at all.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Alright good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I apologize if I missed it, but could you reiterate the guidance you provided back in February for full year RMS and PCS growth. I think you had talked about high single-digit growth for RMS and low to mid-teens growth for PCS?
Jim Foster: We didn't, but we're happy to.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you for that. Let me take another try and getting some more detail on PCS margins. Keeping in mind that one PCS margin was down 310 basis points year-over-year and that Canadian FX accounted for about 175 basis points of that. And then I guess, thirdly, based on prior commentary, I think that you've made, that the elimination of the redundancies in Massachusetts provided probably about a 100 basis points year-over-year benefit. Is there any good reason to assume that the delta, which I calculated about 200 to 250 basis points is largely attributable to Nevada and would it be right to assume if that goes away next year?
Tom Ackerman: Well, I think the largest portion of that would be Nevada for sure. And to going away next year, I don't think it would completely go away. So, when you think about Nevada, we are obviously filling up new space. This is really the biggest impact that we will have in Q1. We had a smaller impact in Q4 as we moved some people to the facilities. We'll actually bring on some additional space to Q2, but we don't anticipate that having the same kind of impact in the margins, because we anticipate having more utilization as we move through Q2. But we wouldn't be fully utilized by yearend as an example. So, I think as we move into next year, we'll still be in an underutilized position just not as dramatic as it is today.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. Any chance you will plus that calculation 200 and 250 basis points?
Jim Foster: When you say, you mean eliminate that just at Nevada though or --
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Yeah. Is that in the ballpark what the year-over-year impact was from the redundancy in Nevada?
Jim Foster: I have to look at a little more closely and get back to you.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay.
Jim Foster: But that is definitely the biggest impact and I think that -- other things that play as we said before.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Yes.
Jim Foster: Was definitely not all of Nevada, we saw some other foreign exchange impact that was less de minimis, but nonetheless was a little bit negative in certain parts.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Okay. And then large models, clearly you are up against the tough comp year-over-year, but could you clarify if there was a bullet of large models in this quarter that may have contributed to the strength in sales and margins, and if that were the case is the supply and demand there to continue that strength moving forward?
Jim Foster:  We didn't say that. We had kind of a typical strong quarter it was much stronger last year, and that makes our performance in RMS to Q1 even more extraordinary actually.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. So there nothing abnormal this quarter?
Jim Foster: Nothing abnormal, we have a relatively constant supply source than we anticipate continuing to sell them throughout the year. It's always been a little bit difficult to color on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But there was nothing unusual in Q1.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. And one last question, you talked about the dynamics that are driving strong demand for RMS models and biopharma. What about an academia, I mean where it does look like, and I think you actually mentioned that you maybe picking up share, are there dynamics that have developed that are driving greater academic demand in terms of maybe areas of focus or are there other reasons you might be gaining share?
Jim Foster: I think our improvement in the academic market obviously has nothing to do with NIH spending and maybe some time in the future we'll see that. It has to do with our prices being more comparable to our competitors, so we're able to get share. And also it has to do a little bit with the fact that some of the early discovery work is being done at the academic institutions and funded by the pharmaceutical companies. So, there is more funding there. Generally they would be more prone to come to us particularly is the pharmaceutical companies sort of guided in that way.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities: Hey, thanks. Tom, if you strip out the year-over-year impact, the accelerated primate shipments in 1Q'07, is it possible to estimate what the operating margin expansion in RMS would have been ex that impact?
Tom Ackerman:  Well, I mean, we could do that. But we really haven't provided that level of detail. And I mean, I think we'd probably prefer not to.
Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities: Understood. Besides that primate impact, was there any other remarkable mix shifts in RMS in the quarter, year-over-year?
Tom Ackerman: No, I would say, as Jim said, I mean the bellwether has historically been the US research model market and that was strong as Jim mentioned. That does drive a lot of profitability, but models, pretty much across the globe was strong. It was strong in Europe and better than it has been historically in Japan and really models can really drive the profitability of the business. So as Jim referred to our proximate base, we're seeing good strong demand across almost all fronts of our customer base.
Jim Foster:  That international strength is really a strong reflection of what's going on in the research community because we've seen strength primarily in the US for last few years, and we've really seen Europe invigorate in the last year or two and Japan is beginning to come around. So it's a global expenditure, and of course, it's a global pharma companies who are located in all three geographic locale.
Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities: And Jim, is the competitive landscape abroad different than it is in domestic one?
Jim Foster: On the research model side, a little bit, I'd say in the aggregate, we have a larger share of the European market than we have in the US markets.
Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then, lastly, Tom, any update to the guidance for a net interest expense or for 2008?
Tom Ackerman: I mean the first quarter was less than $1 million on net base. What I would say directionally is that as we generate cash globally and spend most of our capital in US, what's going to happen is our interest income is going to decline sequentially. And we'll actually do some borrowing in the US. So, our interest expense will increase. So what I would say directionally is that on a sequentially basis, the number should deteriorate slightly quarter-to-quarter. So it would be higher than the current run rate.
Jon Wood - Banc of America Securities: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Soo Jin Nam with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Soo Jin Nam - JPMorgan: Hi. I am sitting in for Tycho Peterson today. Just one quick question. Could you comment on the pricing trend particularly on the preclinical side given continued facility expansion across the industry?
Jim Foster: We are continuing to get 3%, 4 % across all of our geographic segments. Obviously, some of the specialty work, we get higher pricing, but on average we have been able to get that with pretty solid acceptance by our client base.
Soo Jin Nam - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we have time for one more question. We will go to line of Douglas Tsao with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. Jim, I was just wondering, if you could provide some context for the strength that you saw in the Transgenic business or GEM business as you are calling it now?
Jim Foster: Yeah, that's definitely a continuation and we've spent a lot of time with scientific community really trying to get to the bottom of what's driving the trend. The answer is consistent across the folks we speak to whether it is in academia or in the pharmaceutical sector and that's continued hope and focus on more complex, genetically altered animal being more important discovery tools providing greater translational information. Clearly, we are seeing an up-tick in investment and the creation of these models and corresponding needs for us to perform greater services as we have historically. So, I think the pharmaceutical community needs these models and we are obviously delighted to performing services than we would expect it to continue.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: And was there any particular regional strength or geographic strength relative to US, Japan and Europe?
Jim Foster: We were pleased with the strength pretty much across the board and ended up with double-digit growth.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you. Thanks for taking all the questions.
Operator: Speakers, I will turn it back to you for closing comments.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon and to seeing many of you at the Robert W. Baird and Banc of America conference in next week. This concludes the conference call. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Once again ladies and gentlemen, I will give the replay information. It will start at 10.30 am today and running through May 21st, till midnight. The dialing numbers are 1800-475-6701 or 1320-365-3844. Once again 1800-475-6701 or 1320-365-3844 and the access code is 912464. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - Corporate VP, Investor Relations Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies & Company Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers John Kreger - William Blair Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs Robert Gilliam - UBS Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan John Sullivan - Leerink Swann Sandy Draper - Raymond James Jon Wood - Banc of America
Operator:  Well, ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Charles River Laboratories' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). And starting off today, we have Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' fourth quarter and full year 2007 conference call and webcast. This morning Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our fourth quarter results and full year results and review guidance for 2008. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions. There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the investor relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today, and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 320-365-3844. The access code in either case is 905524. The replay will be available through February 26. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our investor relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the company, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including, but not limited to, those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2007, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the investor relations section of our website through the financial reconciliations link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning, I am very pleased to speak with you today about our outstanding fourth quarter and full year results, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our organization and validate the investments we made and continue to make, as we correctly anticipated the paradigm shift that has taken place in the global pharmaceutical industry.  Let's begin with a review of the fourth quarter and full year highlights. Strong sales growth of 17% in the fourth quarter, contributed to full year sales growth of 16.3%. Including $318 million for the fourth quarter, our full year sales reached $1.23 billion; the result of robust growth in both the Research Models and Services or RMS in Preclinical Services or PCS segment. The acquisition of Northwest Kinetics contributed 2.4% to the year and foreign exchange added 2.9% to the annual sales growth rate. For the fourth quarter, operating income was $65.8 million and the operating margin was 20.7%, compared to $55.9 million and 20.6% reported in the fourth quarter of '06. For '07, operating income rose 14.3% to $165.9 million and the operating margin was 21.6%. As we expected the operating margin declined year-over-year, due primarily to the costs associated with the transition of our new preclinical facilities in Massachusetts, and because of higher corporate costs, as we invested in information technology, and scientific and operational staff to support our growing business. However, we're very pleased that the operating margin declined just 40 basis points when compared to last year, as a result of higher sales and improved operating efficiency. At $45.9 million net income from continuing operations was 17.6% higher than the $39 million reported in the fourth quarter of '06. Earnings per share increased 12.1% to $0.65. For the full year, net income from continuing operations was $180.2 million, an increase of 16.9% from a $154.2 million in '06 and earnings per share increased 19.1% to $2.62 from $2.20. As a result of strong sales and operating efficiencies, we generated operating cash flow of $285 million, which is above the top of our estimated range and even though capital expenditures of $227 million, slightly exceeded our estimates, we generated free cash flow of $58 million, $8 million above the high end of our range. I'll speak more about our capital investment shortly, but I'm very pleased to say that all projects are moving along on schedule and on budget. As you know from our press release, we are reaffirming our '08 guidance of the sales growth in the range of 10% to 13% and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $287 to $297. Given the strength of our organization and the opportunities we see in our marketplace, we believe that these targets are achievable. I'd like to review the highlights of the segment operating results. For '07, PCS represented 53% of total revenues and RMS was 47%. From an operating income standpoint, before unallocated corporate overhead, RMS contributed 56% of operating income and PCS contributed 44%. While the PCS segment is growing at a faster rate than the RMS segment, the RMS operating margin is significantly higher, generating a greater percentage of our earnings and cash flow. As a more matured business, the RMS segment enjoys the higher return on invested capital. We believe that once the replacement space in Massachusetts and Nevada has been completed, the capital intensity of the PCS business will moderate and its returns will improve. Now withstanding my comment that the PCS segments sales growth rate is higher, the RMS segment had an outstanding fourth quarter and one of its best years. Sales rose 13.7% in the quarter to $145.2 million. For the year, sales were $577.2 million, a growth rate of 12.1%. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange the organic growth rate was an impressive 9%. We were extremely pleased with the growth which was the result of robust pharma and biotech spending on our broad portfolio research model products and services, a trend which was consistent throughout the year. Higher sales and improved operating efficiencies generated significant improvements in the operating margins, with the fourth quarter margin increasing 130 basis points, 27.6%, and the full year margin increasing 160 basis points to 31%. The largest contributors to both the fourth quarter and annual sales gains for U.S. research models, worldwide Transgenic sale and In Vitro business. This was a very strong year for research models in the United States, which is the bellweather for the industry. Annual sales grew above 10% as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies continue to use these critical research tools to drive the discovery of new drugs and push existing compounds through the development pipeline. Sales to U.S. Academic Institutions and Governments agencies also increased due to both higher spending and market share gain. We view the increased sales of research model as an indicator that researchers our focusing on filling their pipelines with new therapies. Sales of most of our strains benefited from our customers' increased spending, particularly immunodeficient mice used extensively for discovery of drugs for oncology and infectious diseases, inbred and outbred mice used for both efficacy and safety testing and outbred rats used for safety testing. Sales of Worldwide transgenic services increased again in the fourth quarter, as expected the growth rate was lower than the first nine months of the year as the fourth quarter of 06 marked the beginning of the improvement in the U.S. business. On a global basis, researchers continue to focus on the use of generically engineered models as discovery tools and to outsource to Charles River the housing of these models and other value added services to support the use of research. Same goals of faster and more efficient drug development which are driving the use of preclinical outsourcing are leading our clients to outsource discovery services as well. As researchers develop more complicated models, they have an increased need for the scientific expertise in defined breeding and ancillary laboratory services we offer. And given the depth of our expertise in the breadth of our services Charles River is the partner of choice to support the use of these models in research. In the fourth quarter and full year, our In Vitro business delivered exceptional results with sales growth of above 20%. The PTS is the right device at the right time, a portable, easy-to-use endotoxin testing device, which provides timely and accurate results. It is tailor-made to support current FDA initiative to improve quality control of injectable drugs and medical devices. Both the Process Analytical Technologies or PAT initiative and the pending resolution of nuclear pharmacies are aimed at reducing the risk of contamination by increasing the frequency of testing during the manufacturing process and shortening the time between sampling of finished lots and obtaining test results. These are goals which the PTS supports exactly. And as a result we are experiencing robust adoption of the technology. In order to better support our clients and to maintain our first-to-market advantage, we are adding to the PTS product family. Our latest innovation, the multi-cartridge system or MCS is set to debut in the second quarter of '08. It is aimed to supporting central QC laboratories, which perform a higher volume of tests and require higher throughput. We believe that our investment in the PTS technology will continue to drive the in vitro businesses growth for the foreseeable future. The Preclinical Services segment reported very strong sales of $172.9 million in the fourth quarter, a growth rate of 20% over the fourth quarter of '06, a seventh straight quarter of sequential growth.  For '07 net sales was $653.4 million, a year-over-year growth rate of 20.2%. Excluding the impact of Northwest Kinetics and foreign exchange, the organic growth rate was a robust 14% for the fourth quarter and nearly 13% for the year.  In both the quarter and the year, our toxicology facilities delivered very strong performance, and for the full year each of our facilities delivered sales growth in double digits. We attribute this growth to strong demand from our pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients for the breadth of services we provide and scientific expertise, and the advantage of outsourcing to Charles River rather than investing in facilities and developing in-house expertise.  By relying on the expertise for a partner like Charles River, our clients can utilize their assets more effectively by focusing on what they do best, the discovery of normal compound. As you know, we transitioned to our new state-of-the-art preclinical facility in Massachusetts throughout '07. We are now located solely in the new facility and the old facility has been closed. Expenses associated with operating two facilities were significant in the fourth quarter, especially when compared to the fourth quarter of '06, when we had only the operating cost of the old facility. In addition, we began the transition to our new Nevada facility in the fourth quarter of '07, which further increased our operating cost.  Partially as a result of these transitions, the PCS operating margin declined 210 basis points to 20.6% from 22.7% in the fourth quarter of 06. Our Phase I business in the UK also depressed the operating margin, as the facility has continued to be affected by the issues surrounding the regulation of Phase I clinics in the UK. Those issues which arose two years ago following an incident at a clinic in London have caused sponsors to perform their first-in-human trials out of the UK. This resulted in weakness in our UK clinic in 07.  The strength of the Canadian dollar created additional margin pressure in the fourth quarter, as did startup in operating cost in our China facility. However, robust sales and operating efficiencies enabled us to deliver a full year 07 operating margin of 21.5% only a 110 basis points below the 06 margins and we expect to maintain the similar the margin in 08.  Our results for 07 represent the intersection of two very important factors, the first is our business strategy and the second is the inflection point at which pharmaceutical companies find themselves with regard to outsourcing. Its our business strategy to provide a unique continuum of products and services. From the point at which research is begin to use research models and discovery through proof of concept and new therapies. We are the only company with the expertise to support such a broad portion of the drug development pipeline, and we can do so because we have focused on, invested in and continue to invest in, our core competencies of laboratory animal medicine and science and regulatory compliant preclinical services. We offer these expensive services in a capacity to provide them at a time when pharmaceutical companies have reached inflection point in their adopting strategic outsourcing. From drugs, coming out patents to pipeline rationalization to spending constraints and facility closures, there are many factors driving the need for improved efficiencies  Increasingly these companies are using outsourcing, whether by investing in biotechnology companies to provide discovery of new compounds or utilizing preclinical contract research organizations like Charles River to accelerate business discovery and development process. We see it in the increasing numbers of request for proposal and the outsourcing of compound development programs, rather than just individual studies. And then they request the Charles River Dedicated Resources or CRDR, where we provide staff or space or both, flexible combinations, designed to their specific needs. Our relationships with our clients, already close, are becoming even closer, as we work side-by-side to support their drug development efforts. Understanding the pressure that our pharmaceutical clients were facing and believing that strategic outsourcing would be one of the only ways that could be addressed, in '05, we undertook the most ambitious expansion program in our history. The goal of which was to build capacity to accommodate the growing demand for preclinical drug development services and to support our growth. As you know, we made a strategic decision to establish state-of-the-art, multi-service, multi-species facilities on both the East and West coast of the US, specifically situated to be proximate to the largest concentrations of pharma and biotech companies. And exit our less efficient legacy facilities in Massachusetts and Nevada. Almost three years later, we have made tremendous progress with the transition to our new facility in Shrewsbury, Mass completed, and our old Worcester facility closed. We are now focused on improving the sales mix. As you know, the Worcester facility was better known for its discovery services, which generally involved shorter term studies. PCS, Massachusetts, with its larger, more experienced scientific staff and greater capabilities, is making the transition to a sales mix richer in toxicology studies, which increased more than 50% over the previous year. As we've said previously, the facility's operating margin goals are predicated on an improved mix. We are pleased to say that the great progress is made in '07 and expect continue progress in '08. We are very pleased to announce that the new facility in Reno, Nevada, opened on schedule in January. I am also pleased to say that the clients are very enthusiastic about working with our scientific staff, in such a state-of-the-art environment. Half of our major clients have already qualified the facility and we have additional audits scheduled over the next several weeks. As you know, we will commission and validate progressively more space through the first half of the year, until approximately 80% of the facility is opened by this summer. As we did in Massachusetts in '07, we will be transitioning out of the older facility throughout '08 and expect to be fully located in the new facility by the end of the year. Unlike Massachusetts, we will retain a significant portion of the old Reno facility for quarantine space, rather than utilizing the new more expensive facility for that purpose. While Massachusetts and Nevada are our largest expansion projects, we are also expanding existing facilities and developing new locations, with only one facility in the UK to service European clients, we add capacity in Edinburgh, nearly every year to meet client demands. In the fourth quarter of '07, we completed a uniquely designed specialty toxicology facility and are already working on additional space to be completed in '09. To meet demand for our service in Montreal, we broke ground in the third quarter of '07 for 75,000 square foot facility in Sherbrooke, Quebec. This facility will be open for business in early '09 and could be expanded marginally as demand requires to as much as 300,000 square feet. We are doubling the size of our smaller Ohio facility and expect that expansion project to be completed in '09. We are continuing to make progress on the facility in China and due to robust client demand, are accelerating the schedule in order to provide GLP services in the second half of '08 rather than the first quarter of '09. Some of these facilities such as Sherbrooke and China will provide capacity to CRDRs, as well as the 180,000 square feet of expansion space we have in Massachusetts and the 100,000 square feet in Nevada. We continue to have extensive discussions with clients concerning CRDRs for those facilities. As we said on our guidance call on December, we expect CRDRs to account for approximately 10% of PCS revenue in '08 and we expect that percentage to increase over time. As you know, we signed our first CRDR for research model at the end of '06, a 10-year of $112 million agreement with the National Cancer Institute. We had been managing the NCI colonies under a previous agreement, but the importance of the new agreement is that for the first time we will provide those services in a dedicated space at the Charles River facility. The new facility in Maryland is progressing on schedule and we expect the building to be open in the third quarter of '08. A portion of the new Maryland facility will ultimately be used to support the increasing demand for commercial production and services, as well as the expansion in our California facility, where we've just begun to ship from the first two new production rooms. Demand from our West Coast clients, continues to be robust and we are still on track to open a third production room in the first quarter of this year. It's our belief that the trend towards outsourcing among our clients will continue. The goals of faster and more efficient drug developments have led pharma and biotech companies to outsource as much as an estimated 25% to preclinical development in '07. The expertise of partners by Charles River will have the capacity to support drug recovery and development has enabled this trend and will continue to allow pharma and biotech companies to outsource perhaps to as much as 50% to preclinical development over the next eight to 10 years. We believe we are currently seeing the virtualization of big pharma. Though at Charles River, we are continuing to invest in scientific expertise, capacity and strategic bolt-on acquisitions. We are building our clients' facilities and hiring staff for them in fact we are becoming our clients' infrastructure working with them to accomplish their goals of bringing new therapies to markets faster and more efficiently. Our investments in capacity to support our clients and to promote our future growth are significant as are the investment in additional personnel required to accommodate the demand for our products and services and the information technology system to support our data requirements. In '08, we expect to hire approximately 800 new employees or nearly 10% of our existing employee base. These new employees will work at facilities around the world to provide the high quality products and services for which Charles River is known. And we will continue the IT projects we began in '07, which we believe will position us on the leading edge of information management both internally and to support our clients requirements. Charles River today is a vibrant growing company, with a unique continuum of products and services, that supports and accelerates our clients' drug development efforts as no other provider can. Our strong financial performance in '07 clearly demonstrates the strength of our business model and the value that we provide for our global client base.  By adhering to our core competencies of laboratorial medicine and science and the regulatory compliance of pre-clinical services and investing aggressively to expand and strengthen our infrastructure, we have positioned ourselves to partner with our clients at this critical inflexion points, when they are increasingly adopting strategic outsourcing as the means to improve the efficiency and cost effectiveness of the drug development effort. And increasingly they are selecting Charles River to play an integral role in accelerating these efforts. With robust demand for our products and services, we see significant opportunities to continue growth in both RMS and PCS businesses. In order to capitalize on these opportunities, we are turning our attention to our corporate brand and to our sales and marketing functions. These are extremely valuable assets for the company and are intrinsic to effective communication with our clients about the products and services we provide, the support we can offer, and the value we bring to the drug development efforts.  To enhance our visibility, we have realigned our sales force, assigned science senior management to key clients accounts, trained every sales person on our core portfolio and establish cross selling initiatives. Given the brand equity we have in the Charles River name, you will now see our name coupled with a new overarching brand message, clearly focused on supporting our customers critical needs.  Over the course of '08, you'll see the message on our new website marketing materials and programs, all of which are focused on extending our support for and visibility in the research community. You'll see it in our new refresh logo, which builds on a recognized and well regarded brand equity. And although much of this messaging will be new, with still Charles River, a company our clients can continue to rely on to help accelerate the drug development effort, thats why our new tag is accelerating drug development exactly. It's what we do, who we are and who we'll continue to be exactly. In closing, I would to thank our more than 8500 employees for their exceptional work and commitment and our shareholders for their continuing support. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim and good morning. First, let me remind you that our discussion today focuses on results from continuing operations. In addition, I'll be speaking primarily to non-GAAP results, which exclude all acquisition-related amortization and other items. Sales and operating income continue to grow at strong double-digit rates in the fourth quarter of 2007, which drove a 12.1% increase year-over-year and EPS to $0.65. The consolidated operating margin improved slightly year-over-year to 20.7%. The RMS operating margin improvement was largely offset by a decline in the PCS margin, result of operating two facilities in Massachusetts in 2007 compared to only one in 2006, incurring some operating cost at the new Nevada facility and the negative impact of foreign exchange in Canada. As I emphasized on our third quarter conference call, we expect the foreign exchange to cross a meaningful drag on the PCS margin in the fourth quarter, just as it did in the third quarter. During the impact of the strengthening Canadian dollar, foreign exchange reduced the PCS operating margin in the fourth quarter by 150 basis points. Throughout 2008, we will working to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange on operating margins by invoicing a larger percentage of our Montreal client in Canadian dollars, reducing Montreal's US dominated sales to slightly more than half of total sales. Foreign exchange did not have a material impact on the RMS operating margin in the fourth quarter, and typically does not. In the fourth quarter, we were please to generate sales growth on a sequential basis for the fifth consecutive quarter. As expected, the consolidated operating margin declined by nearly 200 basis points and EPS also declined sequentially versus the third quarter of 2007, primarily reflecting normal seasonality in the RMS segment and a higher share count related to dilution from the convertible debt. Reduced client orders around the holidays negatively impacts fourth quarter sales volume and operating margins, particularly in the Research Model production business. The seasonal impact is most visible in the RMS operating margin, because the effect of lower sales volume and the high margin, high fixed cost production business dropped straight through to the operating income line. Unallocated corporate overhead declined by $600,000 year-over-year and approximately $2 million sequentially to $9.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the full year unallocated corporate expense was $53 million or 4.3% of sales. This was below our previous expectations due to lower health fringe and related costs, partially offset by the expected increase in IT costs. Including initiation of multi-year ERP project, we continue to invest in our information infrastructure to support our clients growing requirements and to conduct our operations in a more integrated and efficient manner. Part of the initial investment has required us to hire key staff and consultants to help manage and ensure a successful implementation of our global IT initiatives. Net interest expense decreased by $1 million, both year-over-year and sequentially to $1.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, driven by lower interest rates, as well as debt repayment activities. We prepaid the remaining balance on our Canadian term loan at the end of the third quarter have made scheduled payments on our US credit facility. Other income declined by $1.3 million in the fourth quarter, as prior year investment gains related to the deferred compensation plan and foreign exchange transaction gains, did not recur in the fourth quarter of 2007. The tax rate of 29.2% in the fourth quarter was nearly unchanged, year-over-year, and lower than the third quarter level. For the year our tax rate of 29.4% was inline with prior guidance. In the fourth quarter, we excluded a $2.1 million benefit from our non-GAAP results, related to deferred tax revaluation. The revaluation was driven by tax law changes in foreign jurisdictions, primarily Canada and the adjustment was attributable to the impact on acquisition intangibles amortization.  As Jim said, we completed the transition into the new Shrewsbury facility on schedule in December. We have also closed the Worcester facility and primarily as a result of the related lease impairment, recorded charges were approximately $4.6 million or $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter. This brings the total charges related to the accelerated exit of Worcester facility to $6.2 million for 2007 or $0.06 per share, which we excluded from our non-GAAP results. We have not yet disposed off the Worcester real estate and when we do, we could incur additional charges. However, we would not expect the amounts of any such charges to be material. Now, I will turn to some balance sheet and cash flow items. At the end of the fourth quarter we had cash and cash equivalents of $225 million, plus $63 million in short and long-term marketable securities for total of $289 million, compared to $287 million at the end of 2006. Accounts receivable improved significantly to $214 million at the end of the fourth quarter, down almost $20 million from the third quarter level. Our finance team's continuing focus on collections paid off in the fourth quarter and we are very pleased to see our DSO meaningfully improve to 35 days at the end of the year compared to 43 days at the end of the third quarter and 39 days at the end of last year. We continue to actively manage our DSOs and monitor our collections and receivables. Free cash flow for 2007 was $58 million exceeding the high end of our expected range by $8 million. We achieved this level as a result of strong operating cash flow generation of $285 million due primarily to high end net income and the improvement in DSO. We generated more than enough cash to fund our 2007 capital expenditures which came in above the high end of our expected range at $227 million. For 2008, we continue to expect free cash flow to be in a range of $50 million to $75 million and capital expenditures to be in a range of $220 million to $240 million. Depreciation in the fourth quarter increased approximately $2 million year-over-year to $14 million, primarily as a result of the new Shrewsbury facility. In the quarter, we also began to book a small amount of depreciation related to our new Reno facility as we open the new building and positioned some management and administrative personnel. For 2007, depreciation grew by nearly $8 million to $53 million due to new space coming on line. Total amortization expense declined $700,000 million to $9 million in the fourth quarter and decreased approximately $4 million to $33.5 million for the year due to a reduction in Inveresk-related amortization expense. A portion of the intangible assets from the Inveresk acquisition were amortized over a shorter three year period which ended in 2007. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased nearly 200,000 shares at a cost of approximately $12 million which brings our total purchases to 724,000 shares for the year at a cost of $39 million. We had approximately $96 million remaining on our current buy back authorization at the end of the year, which we expect to help offset share dilution from option exercises and equity compensation awards. 2007, was a tremendous year for Charles River driven by robust client demand and excellent execution. Nearly all of the businesses in our portfolio metrics exceeded the operating plans that we laid for them over a year ago. We believe that the robust market trends, which supported our growth in 2007, will continue to drive many of our businesses in 2008. As a result, we are reiterating our 2000 guidance of sales growth, in the range of 10% to 13%., GAAP earnings per share in the range of $2.59 to $2.69 and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $2.87 to $2.97. We do expect our average diluted share count in 2008 to increase from the guidance that we provided in December, reflecting a higher stock price which drives incremental dilution from our convertible debt. However, this incremental dilution is expected to be offset by lower than expected net interest expense and other operating items. We have seen interest rates drop on our floating rate debt as a result of a Federal reserve January reductions in the Fed fund rate and a correlated impact on LIBOR. As we noted in the December guidance call, we expect the costs for Nevada to step up significantly in the first quarter of 2008 as we commence studies of the new facility. Operating costs at the new Nevada facility are significantly higher than the both the Legacy facility and new Massachusetts facility since we are opening more space in the initial phase in Nevada than we did in Massachusetts. We also expect the PCS margin to continue to be pressured by foreign exchange in Canada. As a result, we expect the first quarter PCS operating margin to be sequentially lower than the fourth quarter of 2007. This is consistent with our December guidance as is our expectation that the full year 2008 operating margin will be comparable to the 2007 levels. We are quite pleased with our 2007 results, but have already put the successful year behind us to focus keenly on delivering another strong year of performance in 2008. That concludes our remarks. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We have a question at this time from David Windley, Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus on the preclinical segment margins. Tom, you've outlined first quarter flat from full year comparison. There were several qualitative items that, Jim, you described the Phase I clinic in the UK, China facility startup, Canadian dollar strength. I guess, it sounds like you're going to take some steps to mitigate the Canadian dollar issue. What about the Phase I clinic and the China facility startup cost, are those addressable? Obviously, you're going to continue to spend in China, but are those addressable in a way that that impact will be mitigated as we move through 2008?
Jim Foster: No. We think as we move forward, Dave, both of those issues will be much less of an issue. The China operation that we're going into Dave, they will not have cost increases any higher than the current year, and we intend to build that operation up and open it, so it shouldn't be any more of a significant drag at tall. And Phase I is, we believe that the one of the regulatory issue [differences], the subsequent that they are beginning to soften somewhat. We're also really initiating a more aggressive business development campaign over that drug discovery services and shall be the linkage between our preclinical and (inaudible). So, we'd actually anticipate that there will be much less of an issue going forward.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And on the Canadian dollar, Tom, you mentioned that you are going to start billing half of that revenue or so in Canadian dollars from Montreal. But you did say Canadian dollar will pressure the first quarter, is that something that's not going to start until later in the year.
Tom Ackerman: No that, if you just look back to 2007 Dave to put in to perspective
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Yeah.
Tom Ackerman: We've begin the year at about, an exchange rate of 0.85 and in the fourth quarter that Canadian dollar was actually between 1.05 and 1.10. So, that was obviously exacerbated in the fourth quarter. It has improved in the first quarter, I don't know, what it will do for the rest of the quarter, but it has come down somewhat to be almost one for one. So, it will still be a difficult quarter for foreign exchange, but it should be a little bit better than the fourth quarter. We have begun already to build some additional clients in the first quarter, and we'll continue to look at that during the year. So, I think both of those factors will provide a little bit of relief in the first quarter. As you look year-over-year, it's still a lot of pressure in the Canadian dollar versus the first quarter of '07.
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay, I'll jump out of the queue then let somebody else ask questions. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Douglas Tsao, Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could provide a little more color on the sequentially decrease in the operating margin for the RMS segment, certainly there is historically been some seasonality there. I was wondering if there is any other moving parts, since it seems to be little greater than it's been in the past?
Tom Ackerman: Doug, the biggest thing which I mentioned to in my remarks, is that we do see the models themselves decline noticeably from Q3 to Q4, and that's really associated with activity around the holiday period from Thanksgiving, right through the New Years, and it's is a global phenomena. So, when you look at our big geographic areas North America, Europe and Japan, we do see that trend-off, as I mentioned it's very high margin business, and given the high fixed costs, it pretty much dropped straight to the bottom line. When you look sequentially at total RMS sales activity from Q3 to Q4, I think we essentially moved sideways, so we were able to pick up, in sequential growth, in most of our services business. But we just don't have the same margin flow through as on the model business. So, we do see a net overall drop in our margins from Q3 to Q4.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers.: Okay. And then, thinking about -- sticking to RMS, when you think about the models business, is this a function where the volumes of the outbred rats and mice for the toxicology studies is sort of growing at a low-single digit and the immunodeficient and other sort of diseases models are growing at faster rate?
Jim Foster: No. Not really, as we said Doug, we've been really pleased that that sector has been growing as quickly as it has. It grew 10% in the fourth quarter, which was pretty much its growth rate for the year. And we've been seeing increased unit growth pretty much across all of the product lines that we delineated in our prepared remarks, driven both by increased research and the oncology infectious disease area, but also significant tick up in toxicology work as well as basic discovery works. So, it's pretty much across the board in all of those models.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers.: So, all the models are growing at comparable rates in terms of volumes?
Jim Foster: I cant say that exactly. But
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers.: Okay.
Jim Foster: The ones that we called out, the ones that we reported out are growing at significant increases over the prior year.
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers.: Okay. And then one final question on PCS, you referred to a lot of client demand for services in China. I was just wondering if you could provide some comments on the source of that? I mean are these large multinational pharmaceutical companies? And where would this potential work -- would this be coming from the discovery operations based on China or is this the question of taking molecules discovered in the US and bringing them to China for toxicology work?
Jim Foster: They are all large international and multinational companies that have discovery efforts, either of their own or in some contract basis in China, and specifically in Shanghai, frankly. So, this is not to support local Chinese companies, its to support the clients that we have elsewhere in the world, for whom we do work, both in North America and Europe. And this is for discoveries that are made locally, where they're going to want preclinical task force locally as well. So, it's not for molecules to be shipped from the US or Europe to China.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line John Kreger, William Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - William Blair: Alright, great thanks. Jim question, given the economic weakening that we've seen at least in the US and the difficult year that pharma had in '07 are you seeing any change in behavior of your clients both at large company and small?
Jim Foster: We really haven't, it's been quite consistent throughout '07, pretty much quarter-to-quarter with significant increases and certainly versus the prior year. We seem to see just the continual virtualization of these companies and because of some of the economic pressures and also some of the pipeline pressures that they have been facing, all with an accelerating interest and desire to outsource and of course we're not just seeing outsourcing of the preclinical sector. But the service components of the RMS business are also sort of the direct legacy of that demand as well. So I think as more as work as these clients can do externally that they got to be done as well as were done internally to allow them to focus their attention else where than more they kind of can do that. That will require continued investment in facilities and staff for us to really show them the quality of our work and of course the same number of the people that we can get into work in our business in particularly at the highest levels, senior scientific levels that coming directly from big pharmas. So to some extent it's kind of the same quality work that's overseen. So we havent seen any diminution in demand, we wouldn't expect it to, we would expect that outsourcing would continue like sort of a safety valve to alleviate some of the pressure that these clients are feeling and I think as long as we have the infrastructure in place, it will continue.
John Kreger - William Blair: Thanks and just a second question, you talked about the fact that you expect Reno expenses touch around significantly in the first quarter. Can you just expand about whats really driving that, is that the lack of capitalizing some of those costs or is it really a spike in staffing? And as we look through the rest of the year, should we expect that to continue to around for sort of a plateau at first quarter levels?
Jim Foster: Remember that Reno is certainly ramping up the first quarter. We are going to continue to open that about the 80% of the space that we renovated over the next two quarters and then finally have that space finished by this summer. So we will have increased costs during that time and duplicate costs indeed over the prior year. Commensurate with that will be filling up that space as quickly as we can as I reported to you earlier. We've had more than half of our clients already audit the facility and are quite pleased with that. And we have additional clients coming back soon. So, we think the uptake is going to be considerable and consistent by the token the costs are considerably higher than the prior year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hari Sambasivam of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you very much. Jim just a quick question on the Endosafe PTS, could you give us, maybe give us a quantification of how big this opportunity might be? Just in terms of where you have penetrated your possible or probable accounts and how much actually you can expand on it? And the second question, Im wondering is on the PCS side you are talking about a mix improvement going forward in Shrewsbury and Im just wondering what kind of studies you maybe talking about that might be actually contributing to that improvement in mix?
Jim Foster: The PCS mix is - historically the Massachusetts operation has done more discovery work or short term work which tends to have a lower margin. They did that very well and the size and scale of the facility and the staff were more commensurate with that type of work. As we cranked up the physical plant and certainly improved the depth and quality of the staff, we are able to do much more sophisticated and long term studies. So we saw that mix actually change nicely during '07 and we anticipate that, that will continue to shift dramatically so that we are relying less and less on discovery work and more on more longer term higher value studies. On the PTS side, we are extremely pleased with this product line. We have a very strong IP situation, we have very good uptake from clients. There is some validation time required, whether they are actually switching from our old technology to the new one or from a competitive technology to a new one, but that's happening consistently throughout the world. Additionally, we are watching the increase in the numbers of cartridges sold along with the machines now seem to increasing nicely as well. So, I think the only metric that would be appropriate to give you as we have given historically is that, by virtue of this device we increased the size of the market four or five folds from it's historical norms, and we think that we are playing in endotoxin testing market with just a couple of hundred million dollars in total revenue, and we anticipate it will have the majority of that going forward.  But the conversion time, there's no way to short circuit that or to actually speed it up, we are doing the best we can from a technical service point of view. The response has really been rewarding and positive from clients. So, we anticipate that we will continue to build share and convert that both our own clients, but in particular the competition clients.
Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. One additional question on the RMS side. As you sort of see, I guess I am wondering about the condition of the economy, pressures on governments budgets etcetera. How do you sort of mitigate the impact on RMS or do you that business is more vulnerable to government cutbacks, institute cutbacks etcetera. And how do you sort of go about sort of mitigating that risk?
Jim Foster: We dont really think it's more vulnerable. The NIH budget has been beleaguered for I dont know the last three or four years, and so, we are certainly in for another year of that. Weve got 15% or less of our revenues dependent on the academic and government marketplace, and a lot of our government contracts are already in place. So its a de minimus impact on us, from that point of view.  And as I said earlier, while I think the large pharmaceutical and certainly several of large biotech companies have a lot of pressure on them to invigorate the pipeline. The principal and primary way to do that is to invest more in research, not less in research. So we are seeing continued increases on research spending, continued increases in outsource research spending and development spending. And so, that gives us a level of comfortable, particularly off of our strength in '07 that we should see similar trends this year, which you can see in our guidance of 10% to 13% growth for '08.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question is from the line of Randall Stanicky, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. It's Adriana calling on behalf of Randall Stanicky. I actually have two questions. First one is; you guys have been talking about attracting new customers. Do you provide some information on your breakdown of your customers by biotech and pharma? And my second question is regarding your toxicology business, it's being growing very strongly. Do you provide some information, how much of the organic growth in the quarter was attributed to your tox services?
Jim Foster: So on the biotech and pharma, we haven't done that recently and the majority of our sales are the big pharma, and I think that's probably the best way to answer that. And it's significant portion -- and a significantly growing portion at biotech. One of the reasons we don't -- so that's the best answer. But one of the reasons we don't think the distinction is all that useful because, fair amount of the funding from biotech comes to us from big pharma and it tends to be some sort of a blurring between the two sectors and it is sort of an area that's grey, and so much of the biotech work is for the big pharmaceutical companies. So we tend to look at them as a collective entity, and we look in terms of the growth of our industrial sector. But we've seen growth in really both large pharma and biotech. And your second question was about how much toxicology was contributing to our organic growth?
Randall Stanicky - Goldman Sachs: That's correct. Yes.
Jim Foster: Well we don't break that out specifically, but obviously the growth in our toxicology business continues to be consistent as we built and fill up these new facilities. And while, we've some pricing down at that, we're experiencing significant and consistent organic growth in that product lines commensurate with the level -- driven by the levels of outsourcing.
Operator: Thank you. And once again, we please ask that you limit your questions to one per queue. Next question and this line is from Robert Gilliam with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robert Gilliam - UBS: Sure. I just want to follow-up on I think it was Doug's question from earlier. Just on the RMS margins, the kind of a sequential decline and I kind of understand all the moving parts you laid out there as far as the seasonality that we see. But I guess, I was hoping we could drill a little bit deeper and understand why the magnitude of the sequential decline was more pronounced than it has been in the past? And then also, if it is sequential, should we expect the RMS margins to kind of rebound to the 43%, 44% level in the first quarter year?
Tom Ackerman: Well without being specific on the first quarter, we'd obviously expect them to rebound like they have traditionally moving over from quarter-to-quarter. Last year, we did have a little bit of a positive pickup in Q1, last year being '07, because we've had some quarantine issues in our large animal model facility in the fourth quarter of '06. Those slid over into the first quarter of '07 and we had probably a little bit better than typical quarter. But other than that, I would expect them to come up just as we've always said. The first quarter was typically a good quarter, so I do think that, that trend would continue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. Following up actually on one of the earlier questions just on the Endosafe, I'm just wondering, if you can give us a sense as to what the global demand is like. I mean, you talked about the PAT initiatives here in the U.S., but how you are seeing demand shapeup overseas? And then where you are on the capacity side? I think you are manufacturing most of the systems In South Carolina, so do you need to add new capacities for the new cartridges?
Jim Foster: We are seeing a very good up-tick in demand and purchases of this device in Europe. We sold a lot of these devices for R&D purposes in Europe before we had the FDA approval. We continue to do so. And so, we've got very strong purchases across the whole range of clients, overseas as well. So, there is not a huge difference geographically in the response to the product. We are doing final assembly manufacturing in our own facility, we intend to continue to do that. We have continuously ramped up our GMP production capacity to accommodate the anticipated growth rate and we're comfortable, we'll able to continue to do so.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan:
 :
Jim Foster: That wasn't  you switched subjects. 
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Yeah
Jim Foster: So, pricing on the preclinical side has been continuous to always be a factor, but I would say less significantly than we seen in the prior years. I think there's some acknowledgement that we are bankrolling, both the space and the headcount significantly, and need to pay for that. So, we have what we believe are appropriate pricing increases. And have had very well push back at all from our clients. As I said earlier, we think that the Chinese marketplace for us is going to be a place to support local, to support international clients who have located in China, to use that as another locale for basic discovery. Too early to comment on what the pricing scenarios will be over there, except to say that, we are quite confident that we can fill up as much of the new facility that we are currently building, as we see that pretty much on day on. So, there is really a significant client interest in having a high quality GLT facility and of course we intend to be the first company to open the facility there in the second half of this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of John Sullivan, Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Hi guys, good morning, thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick question about the biotech industry as a customer group for you. Funding is probably a little bit harder to come by, especially for some smaller biotechs, any change in the profile of business with the biotech industry specifically and how important is the biotech industry to your overall business? Thank you.
Jim Foster:   John we really haven't seen much of a change, biotech continues to increase in a meaningful way. As I said earlier, we think a lot of the money doesnt just come from the capital market, it comes directly form big pharma, as they use biotech as a discovery engine. Its only a meaningful part of our total sales portfolio, and we expect it will continue to be. I think many people believe that the future success of biomedical research will come directly from the small biotech companies. So, they will continue to find sources of capital to keep them going.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Sandy Draper, Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Sandy Draper - Raymond James: Thank you. This is a little bit more, just about a higher level question, looking back at '07 and looking into '08, obviously throughout the year, you ended up delivering very results in beating the numbers. Just for sort of a perspective, when I look at it between FX, acquisitions, strong organic growth, and research and RMS and PCS, how would you sort of qualify where the biggest surprises in 2007 were, in terms of beating the results? And then looking out at 2008, where do you think the biggest risks are and where would say the biggest potentials for upside are? Thanks.
Jim Foster: Well, we wouldn't characterize '07 as full of surprises, I guess the best way to characterize it is that we have a dozen or more P&L's. It's unusual that virtually all of our businesses perform well at the same time, virtually all of them did and the result of that was that we were able to increase our guidance a couple of times. We always intended to guide as accurately as possible. And so, I wouldn't say we were surprised by the results, but we were pleased with them. We certainly would like to see that trend continue, it's not necessarily a realistic assumption. I don't think there are any particular areas of concerns that we have, we think the demand will be quite consistent and conservative for both of our product lines, RMS and PCS, given the state of our clients. We think that outsourcing will continue significantly both on the PCS side and the RMS Services side. And we're quite confident that we'll continue to see purchases of our core research model products and our in-vitro products would be strong as well. So, we believe that our guidance for '08 is a accurate reflection of what we believe the demand would be, and sales and profit will be on that activity.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will be from the line of Jon Wood, Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Jon Wood - Banc of America: Thank you. Jim you touched on this qualitatively, but can you give us the sense of your estimate of the growth of the US Research Models business in 2008 for the whole market from a volume perspectives? And then, typically, what proportion of the targeted price increases in the models business are realized in a given year? Thank you.
Jim Foster: So, I am not going to answer that specifically, US Research Models did about 10% last year. It's a very strong year for us. We would like to believe that growth around and in that area could continue. It's always been our strongest market, with the strongest margins. And we've always been the leader in that market place as well. We provide our price increases at the end of a particular fiscal year, and we usually, just kind of a pushback, we see it quite early, we really havent, we tried to be responsible and respectful of our clients and their financial situation, as we raise our prices. We've also had some competitive opportunities where we've had competitors raise their prices actually more aggressively than we did and reduced the premium that we disserve frankly. And so, it actually made our price increases seem even more responsible than I think there's. So we've seen virtually no pushback, we believe the demand will continue, we don't have any indications when we are putting our operating plans, I suggest that it would.
Operator: Thank you. And speakers you may continue with any closing remarks you may have.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon and to seeing you at the Cowen and Lehman Healthcare conferences in March. This concludes the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining, for using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-06 02:26:00) =====
Executives: Jim Foster - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO Susan Hardy - VP of IR
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies & Company Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird John Kreger - William Blair Alex Alvarez - Goldman Sachs Rob Gilliam - UBS Hari Sambasivam - Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standingby. Welcome to the Charles River LaboratoriesIncorporated, Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, allparticipants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct aquestion-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (OperatorInstructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host,Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead.
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles RiverLaboratories' third quarter 2007 conference call and webcast. This morning JimFoster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Ackerman,Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our thirdquarter results and review guidance for 2007. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions.There is a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is postedon the investor relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A tapedreplay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701;the international access number is 320-365-3844. The PIN number in either caseis 890128. The replay will be available until November 20th. You may alsoaccess an archived version of the webcast on our investor relations website. I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we maymake about future expectations, plans, and prospects for the Company constituteforward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the PrivateSecurities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated byany forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factorsincluding, but not limited to, those discussed in our annual report on Form10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2007, as well as other filings we makewith the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAPfinancial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures helpinvestors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results andfuture prospects, consistent with the manner in which management measures andforecasts the Company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to beconsidered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared inaccordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find thecomparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on theinvestor relations section of our website through the financialreconciliation's link. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.
Jim Foster: Good morning. I'm very pleased to speak with you today aboutour outstanding third quarter results. As you know, we believe that thepharmaceutical industry is at an inflection point unparalleled in its history.In an effort to focus their resources on drug discovery, pharma companies areadopting strategic outsourcing as a means to streamline their operations andimprove pipeline throughput. Having spent the last decade expanding our portfolio ofessential products and services, enhancing our managerial, scientific, andtechnical talent, and extending our global reach, we believe we are extremelywell positioned to support our clients' drug discovery and development effortsand the strengthening demand from big pharma. Our third quarter results demonstrate the effectiveness ofour organization and validate the investments we made and continue to make, aswe correctly anticipated the paradigm shift that is taking place in the globalpharmaceutical industry. For the third quarter, net sales increased 18.6% to $314million, the results of strong growth in both the RMS and PCS segments. Theacquisition of Northwest Kinetics contributed 3.2%, and foreign exchange added2.6% to the sales growth rate. Operating income for the quarter was $70.9 million comparedto $61.2 million reported in the third quarter of '06. Although operatingincome was significantly higher, the operating margin decreased to 22.6%compared to 23.1% in the same period last year. We expected a decline because of the costs associated withthe transition of our new preclinical facility in Massachusettsand because of higher corporate costs, as we invest in information technologyand scientific and operational staff to support our growing business. However, we were very pleased with the operating margin,which declined just 50 basis points when compared to last year and improved 120basis points from the second quarter of this year. At $47.3 million net incomefrom continuing operations was 22.1% higher than the $38.8 million reported inthe third quarter of '06. Earnings per share increased 21.1% to $0.69, even though thenumber of shares outstanding also increased. We repurchased another 382,000shares in the third quarter. But the fully diluted shares outstanding increasedby an amount of approximately 1 million shares due primarily to dilution fromthe convert, option exercises, and a higher share price, which affects theinclusion of stock options to the diluted share count. Based on our strong third quarter results and ourexpectation that the robust market trends will continue, we are very confident inour outlook for the balance of this year. As a result, we're raising our '07sales guidance to a range of 14% to 16%, which is a combination of lowdouble-digit growth in RMS and a high-teens growth in PCS. We're also raising our EPS guidance to a range of $2.56 to$2.59, which would represent an increase of between 16% and 18% of our '06results. Now, I will tell you more about our third quarter segment results. Robust pharma and biotech spending continued in the thirdquarter; and as a result, the RMS segment sales grew 13.8%. Foreign exchangecontributed 2.6%. So, on an organic basis the sales growth was over 11%. Salesof research models in the U.S.and Europe were very strong. Transgenic services continued to rebound, and the in vitro business benefitedfrom sales of the PTS. Primarily as a result of higher sales and improvedoperating efficiencies, the third quarter operating margin increased 280 basispoints to 31.6% from 28.8% in the third quarter of '06. As was the case in the first half of the year, sales ofresearch models in the U.S.grew at a double-digit rate; and sales in our European operations matched thatpace. We continue to see our pharma and biotech customers increase theirspending on research models. And sales to U.S.academic institutions and government agencies also increased in the quarter.  Sales were robust across a number of strains, with thestrongest growth in immunodeficient mice and outbred rats. We attribute salesof immunodeficient mice to research, focused on oncology drugs, and sales ofoutbred rats, to safety testing of compounds as they move through thedevelopment pipeline. Our RMS expansion is targeted at supporting the increaseddemand for our research models. Production in the two new barrier rooms, whichwe opened in California in Junecontinue to ramp and we expect to meet our target of shipping product by theend of this year. And given the continued strong demand from the Westernregion of the U.S.,our plan to open a third production room in the Californiafacility in the first quarter and begin shipping by the third quarter of '08 isunchanged. We're also on track with our new facility in Maryland,from which we will support our dedicated resources agreement with the NationalCancer Institute, as well as commercial sales to the mid-Atlantic region. Sales of worldwide transgenic services increased for thefourth straight quarter. Researchers are continuing to focus on the use oftransgenic models as discovery tools. But unlike early efforts when they manipulatedonly one or two genes, they are focusing on polygenic diseases in whichmultiple genes are implicated. Most human diseases have complex mechanisms of action, so adisease model with a similar genetic profile is likely to have betterpredictive value of drug efficacy in humans. As they develop more complicatedmodels, researchers have increased the need for the scientific expertise intransgenic breeding and the breadth of services that we offer. Increased need, combined with a desire for more efficientoperations is driving pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to outsourcemore of these services. Given our extensive expertise and portfolio ofservices, Charles River is the partner of choice tosupport the use of these models in research. As you know, our preconditioning services business hasevolved into a broader service offering, which we call discovery services. Thisbusiness, which includes services required to prepare models to go on study, aswell as early pharmacokinetics, pharmacology and in vivo screening, is aimed atproviding our clients with an efficient alternative to dedicated in-houseoperations. It is early days for our discovery services business, asrelatively few of these services are outsourced, compared to Preclinical Services.But we believe that the same incentives that are driving our clients tooutsource preclinical drug development services are beginning to impact theseservices as well. We're having an increasing number of discussions with largepharma and biotech customers, and given the opportunities we are seeing, webelieve that over time discovery services will be a growth driver for ourbusiness. Again, in the third quarter, our in-vitro business deliveredstrong results. We have continued to make great progress with the PTS both inthe U.S. and inEurope. Its portability and ease-of-use are veryappealing from an efficiency standpoint and customers are converting from theconventional test kit to the PTF. The FDA's Process Analytic Technology, or PATinitiative is also driving PTS sales. PAC promotes real-time in-process test measurement, and thePTS is an FDA-approved endotoxin test tailor made for this initiative. Webelieve that the FDA is beginning to enforce the regulation, because itrecently issued the first notice of regulatory deficiency to abiopharmaceutical company. As the only FDA approved real-time endotoxin testing method,we expect sales of PTS will benefit from the enforcement of the PAT initiative.The PTS also continues to sell extremely well to nuclear pharmacies. The FDAhas issued proposed regulations, which require a lot-release testing with anFDA-licensed LAL reagent such as the PTS. Although the FDA has not established a timeframe forissuance of the final regulations or compliance with them, we're already seeingmany of our clients adopt the PTS in anticipation of the regulation. We werevery pleased with the outstanding RMS third-quarter results. Our sales growthreflects the strong demand from many customers for our high-quality productsand the expert services we provide. Our operating margin reflects the leverage from higher salesand our ongoing efforts to effect continuous process improvement. With the newcapacity provided by our expansion project and our broader service offerings,we believe we will be extremely well positioned to support our customers'requirements for our high-quality, value-added Research Models and Services andto promote our growth. The Preclinical Services segment reported very strong salesgrowth of 23.1% for the third quarter, including 6% from Northwest Kinetics and2.5% from foreign exchange. Our toxicology facilities delivered very strongperformance due to a number of factors, the most important of which was robustdemand for our services from both pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. We continue to experience favorable mix and stable pricingand improved capacity utilization. The PCS operating margin declinedapproximately 180 basis points to 21.8% from 23.6% in the third quarter of '06.As you know, the transition to our new Shrewsbury, Massachusetts facility is expected topressure the margin throughout '07, primarily as a result of the duplicatecosts associated with operating two facilities. However, with Shrewsburynow operating near capacity and progress being made towards our goal to improvethe service mix, the Massachusettsmargin improved sequentially in the third quarter. The fact that the PCS marginremained essentially flat for the second quarter was the result of the strengthof the Canadian dollar, which has significant negative effects on the operatingmargin of our Montreal facility. We are quite pleased with the progress we've made in Massachusetts.The final in-life studies, which were being conducted in our Worcesterfacility, were completed in the third quarter, and as of September 1st, all newstudies have been initiated in Shrewsbury.We are continuing to move operations out of our Worcesterfacility and have just a few of the laboratories to go. We're on schedule to complete the move by the end of theyear and expect further improvement in operating efficiency once we are locatedin one facility. We are making excellent progress on our capital expansionplans. In Nevada, validation isunderway. We're on schedule to initiate GLP studies in January of '08.We also broke ground in Quebecfor our new facility there and have begun renovations on the facility in China.Our expansion plans are critical at this juncture, when so many of our clientsare looking to expand their relationships with a high-quality,scientific-focused service provider like Charles River. Partnering with us allows our clients to reduce theirinvestment in infrastructure and the technical expertise required for highlycomplicated specialties, such as reproductive or inhalation toxicology and tofocus on discovery of new compounds. The addition of these new facilities to our existingpreclinical system will provide us with flexibility, which is unmatched in ourindustry. We can accommodate our clients at large, full-service orsmaller more-specialized facilities in North America, Europeor China withexpert discovery and development services, and no matter where they choose toplace their studies, with exacting attention to detail and the level of servicewith which they have always associated Charles River. Given these factors, our expertise, operating efficiency andstrategic location of our facilities, an increasing number of clients arespeaking with us concerning a broad range of working arrangements. We already have five dedicated arrangements in place,including the three-year $17 million agreement with a top-10 pharma client,which we signed in the second quarter of '07, and a two-year $14 millionagreement with a large biotech client which we signed in the third quarter. In the past, we've referred to these arrangements asdedicated space agreements but we are finding in our current discussions withboth big pharma and biotech that we are negotiating and signing morebroad-based partnering agreements, which are designed for clients based ontheir individual needs. We may accommodate clients within our existing facilities,build out shelf space to their particular specification, or establish a newfacility like the one in Sherbrooke, Quebec.We may provide all of the staffing or work side-by-side with client researchersin our facility. Whatever the arrangement, our goal is to maintain flexibilityso that we can support what the clients needs. Because they have different features, we are now referringto all types of dedicated arrangements as Charles River Dedicated Resources, orCRDR, because that terminology catches the fact that clients rely on a broadarray of resources we provide rather than just physical space. Whatever the specifics of the arrangement maybe, all CRDRagreements generally involve a financial commitment for multiple years. As wesign more of them, we expect these agreements to represent a meaningfulpercentage of our business. When we give guidance in December, we will provideyou with an estimate of that percentage. In summary, we are exceptionally pleased with ouroutstanding third quarter PCS performance. Our preclinical tox facilitiesdelivered strong net sales growth, and the leverage from higher sales and ourcontinued focus on operating efficiencies provided a significant offset to thehigher costs associated with the transition to our new facility in Mass.and the foreign exchange effect in Canada. As pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies continue toutilize strategic outsources to drive better operating efficiency, we believewe offer an unmatched combination of extensive scientific expertise, a serviceportfolio which is broad-gauged in terms of the services offered, andgeographic locations proximate to our clients. Our capital expansion projects, which are progressing onschedule, will provide the capacity that we require to accommodate ourcustomer's intensifying demand. And given our expertise in regulatory-compliantpreclinical services and our wide-reaching global footprint, including theexpansions in Shrewsbury, Reno, Quebec and China,we believe we are positioned as a premier player in this field with significantopportunities for growth. Year-to-date, '07 has been a very strong year for us, and webelieve that we will finish the year on a positive note. In part, our successis being driven by our clients' needs for a more efficient and productive drugdevelopment process. But external factors, no matter how positive are only partof the story. A decade ago, we developed a strategy to be the premier providerof potential products and services to the drug development industry and havebeen intently focused on executing that strategy ever since. To achieve this goal, we have made strategic acquisitions,expanded our product and service offerings, invested in sophisticated newcapacity, and added considerable scientific depth. We have invested internally,building a senior management team that we believe is the best in the industry. We continue to attract and retain excellent people and havejust announced the promotions of three of our key general managers to theposition of Corporate Senior Vice President. Dr. Brian Bathgate, Head of ourEuropean Preclinical Services; Dr. Jorg Geller, head of Large Model, Avian and Japaneseoperations; and Chris Perkins Head of Canadian and China Preclinical Services. We are implementing IT initiatives that will enable us todeliver scientific and business information whenever and in whatever form ourclients require. As we grow, we will continue to make these kinds ofinvestments because we believe they are critical to our ability to provideexceptional products and services and to support our clients as they strive todevelop better drugs faster and more efficiently. And regardless of how large we become, we will maintain anintense focus on our customers, anticipating and responding to their needs, andon our core competencies of laboratory animal medicine, regulatory-compliantpreclinical services, and Phase I clinical services, because we believe that itis those competencies that define Charles River and thevalue we bring to our clients. In closing, I would like to thank our 8,300 employees fortheir exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their continuingsupport. Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman.
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Before I recap our strongthird-quarter financial performance, I would like to remind you that ourdiscussion today focuses on results from continuing operations. Consistent withJim's comments, I will focus my discussion on non-GAAP results, which excludeall acquisition-related amortization and other items. Double-digit sales growth and improved capacity utilizationin both segments continued to drive operating income, which rose 15.8% to $70.9million. Driven by this operating leverage, third-quarter diluted EPS increasedan impressive 21.1% to $0.69 from $0.57 a year ago, despite an increase in theshare count. As expected, the operating margin declined slightlyyear-over-year to 22.6% in the third quarter of 2007, reflecting theanticipated decline in PCS margins due to the transition costs in Massachusetts,as well as higher unallocated corporate expense. The 280 basis pointimprovement in the RMS margin partially offset these factors. On a sequential basis, the operating margin improved 120basis points as operating income growth of 7.8% outpaced sales growth by nearlyfourfold, primarily due to the sequential decline in unallocated corporateoverhead. EPS also increased 7.8% sequentially. Given the normal seasonality in our RMS business, we do notexpect the sequential comparison to be as favorable in the fourth quarter ofthis year. Foreign exchange had a negligible impact on the bottom line in thethird quarter. As Jim mentioned, foreign exchange did accelerate the salesgrowth rate by 2.6%; but the operating income effect is muted by the fact thatwe are naturally hedged at most locations, meaning revenues are primarilyderived in the same currency as costs are incurred. However, this is not thecase at our PCS facility in Canada. In Montreal, themajority of sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, while costs are primarilyincurred in Canadian dollars. The strengthening Canadian dollar negativelyaffected operating margins in the third quarter, negating nearly all of the FXbenefits generated from other geographic regions. Unallocated corporate overhead increased by almost $4million year-over-year to $11.9 million in the third quarter of 2007, driven bythe expected increases in stock-based compensation expense and IT costs.However, unallocated corporate cost declined sequentially by nearly $4 millionprimarily due to a reduction in healthcare-related expenses. Assuming more normalized healthcare costs, we expectfourth-quarter unallocated corporate overhead to be slightly higher than thethird quarter. Total equity compensation expense was $7.3 million in the thirdquarter. As expected, equity compensation expense increased nearly $2.4 millionyear-over-year, but only $0.2 million sequentially. We continue to expect thesecosts to approximate nearly $27 million for the year. Third-quarter net interest expense of $2.3 million decreased$1.3 million year-over-year and $0.3 million sequentially, reflecting debtrepayment. At the end of the third quarter, we prepaid the remaining balance onour Canadian term loan and made payments on other foreign credit lines. As a result of the Federal Reserve bank rate cuts and thesubsequent reduction in the LIBOR rate, as well as our debt repaymentactivities, we now expect full-year 2007 net interest expense to beapproximately $8 million to $10 million lower than our prior guidance of $10million to $12 million. The tax rate increased 60 basis points sequentially in thethird quarter from 29.3% in the second quarter to 29.9%, as a result of the taxadjustments based on higher-than-expected year-to-date earnings. This waspartially offset by a discrete benefit related to tax law changes enacted in theU.K. and Germany.We excluded $0.9 million of this discrete benefit from our non-GAAP resultsbecause it was attributable to Inveresk acquisition intangibles amortization. Last year's third-quarter tax rate of 32% was negativelyimpacted by several discrete tax items. Our tax rate guidance for 2007 remainsat 29% to 29.5%. We had two non-GAAP adjustments in addition to the income taxitem, I just mentioned. We accrued incremental stock compensation taxes in the thirdquarter, excluding $0.8 million from non-GAAP results as these costs related topre-acquisition periods of Inveresk. The other item is the $0.02 gain on thesale of real estate in Scotland,which we previously discussed. This transaction was completed and thecorresponding gain recorded in the third quarter. As Jim said, we are on track to exit Worcesterby the end of the year. We have recorded approximately $1.7 million or $0.02per share of impairment charges year-to-date, although nothing in the thirdquarter, primarily related to accelerated depreciation of the Worcesterfacility. While we continue to estimate total charges of $0.03 to$0.05 for the year, the remaining charges are primarily related to the Worcesterlease impairment and will not be recorded until we cease use of the facility,which is scheduled for December. Once we exit the Worcesterfacility and eliminate the duplicate costs, we expect to reduce facility costsby at least $1 million per quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2008. Now, I'll turn to some balance sheet and cash flow items. Atthe end of the third quarter, we had cash and cash equivalents of $183.5million, plus 88 million in short and long-term marketable securities, for atotal of $271.5 million compared to $264.3 million as of June 30 and $286.8 millionat the end of 2006. Accounts receivable were $232 million at the end of thethird quarter, up from $202.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, primarilydue to higher sales. Our DSO increased to 43 days in the third quarter versus39 days at the end of last year, due primarily to lower deferred revenue, whichoffsets accounts receivable in the DSO calculation. However, we continue to focus on collections and have notseen a meaningful deterioration in our receivables aging as a result of thehigher DSOs. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $27 million in 2007, up from $3million last year in spite of spending nearly $38 million more on capitalexpenditures. That equates to a $61 million increase in working operating cashflow. Our full-year 2007 guidance for free cash flow remains in arange of $25 million to $50 million with CapEx of $200 million to $225 million.Depreciation in the third quarter increased $2.4 million to $13.5 millionprimarily as a result of the new Shrewsburyfacility. Because we have begun to transition some of our personnel tothe new PCS facility in Reno, wewill begin to book a small of depreciation in the fourth quarter of 2007. Ourfull-year depreciation forecast is approximately $53 million. Total amortization expense declined $1 million to $8.4million in the third quarter due to a reduction in Inveresk-relatedamortization expense. Our 2007 forecast for amortization expense isapproximately $33 million. Let me provide a quick update on our share repurchaseactivities. Last quarter, we announced that our Board had increased theauthorization on our share repurchase program to 400 million. In the thirdquarter, we purchased nearly 400,000 shares at a cost of approximately $20million. As of September 29, we have approximately $108 millionremaining on this buyback authorization. We continue to anticipate just about69 million diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter. To reaffirm whatJim said, we have raised our 2007 sales guidance to 14% to 16% and 2007 EPSguidance to $2.22 to $2.25 on a GAAP basis and $2.56 to $2.59 on a non-GAAPbasis. With one quarter left in the year, we are well on track tomeet our higher sales and earnings forecasts. We continue to expect robustsales growth and operating margins for the remainder of the year, with thefourth quarter pressured by several factors. Fourth-quarter RMS revenue growth will be affected by normalseasonality and the anniversary of the improvement in the Transgenics business.These factors will be partially offset by favorability in large model sales,due to the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2006 when shipments were delayeddue to an extended quarantine. In the PCS business we will anniversary theacquisition of Northwest Kinetics in October. We also expect some operating margin headwinds in the fourthquarter. Consistent with historical trends, we expect the RMS operating marginto be impacted by reduced operating leverage from the normal seasonality in thefourth quarter. In PCS, the Canadian dollar will also continue to be a dragon margins; and as I mentioned earlier, we will incur some startup costs at thenew Nevada facility as we beginto occupy the facility in advance of the January 2008 opening. We will also incur duplicate costs in Massachusettsuntil we exit the Worcesterfacility, which is expected by year-end. That said, we are extremely pleasedwith our year-to-date performance and continue to believe that we're wellpositioned to achieve our higher sales and earnings goals for the year. We lookforward to providing our 2008 outlook in mid-December. That concludes our remarks. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes fromthe line of David Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a nicequarter. First of all, I wanted to ask on RMS margin, but for some of theseasonality, Tom, is the improvement in margin generally sustainable? Are thereother underlying trends, be it transgenics, pricing on models, anything in thatregard that are -- perhaps even PTS and leverage there -- that are, say,secular movement in margin on the RMS side?
Tom Ackerman: I would say not, Dave. We obviously had a very good quarter.Margins were very good. I think all things were sort of aligned very well. Wedidn't really have any drags here or there, but in terms of the macro trends, Iwould say there are not any underlying trends that other than seasonality andthings like that bode negative for the margins.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: That bode negatively for the margins?
Tom Ackerman: Yeah. I would say there were not any of those types ofthings other than seasonality.
David Windley - Jefferies& Company: Okay. So otherwise, third-quarter margins are a reasonableprojection?
Tom Ackerman: Yeah, I would say, the only thing, as I said, all thingswent very well in the third quarter. Even when we are doing well, generallythere is a little bit of a drag here or there. We didn't really experience toomuch of that.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Tom Ackerman: I think it's a very good indicator, but it was a goodindicator, in the sense, that things were aligned very well.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Right. Okay.
Tom Ackerman: That doesn't always happen.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay. Moving then on transgenics, obviously the compares tolast year have been easier to this point. And I suspect a decent contributor tothe overall RMS growth in 3Q. Is transgenics growing sequentially by ameaningful amount?
Jim Foster: Yeah. It is, Dave. We are continuing to see improvement inthe demand for transgenic models as more complex models are developed.Continues to be a confirmation of the importance of these models to research. We obviously saw substantial improvement over the last year,which was a weaker year. But we continue to believe that it will improve goingforward. We don't really see any change in the demand quotient, given the levelof investment that we are seeing our clients make.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay. Great. So, just obviously trying to narrow in on -- isthe sequential improvement in the business enough to overcome the sequentiallytougher comp to the fourth quarter of last year? Relative magnitudes of thetwo, I guess?
Tom Ackerman: Well, I think just to add a little bit to Jim's comment, wehave been growing sequentially, and, of course, we've had nice growthyear-over-year in transgenic. What we have seen as the year has progressed,though, as the rate, particularly in the U.S.,of increase year-over-year has shrunk gradually.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay, okay. Super.
Tom Ackerman: It was a trend last year and this year.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then last question and I'll jump out is, Jim, youdefined for us your CRDRs. Talk about for me the pricing on those and, at leastin your early experience, how those evolve perhaps from a revenue standpointand then also from a margin standpoint?
Jim Foster: Yes, so our goal is to have appropriate returns regardlessof the specific structure. So we have a certain cost of capital, and we want torecoup that and then some. So, what we're trying to do is maintain a maximumflexibility as we interface with clients who all have a totally different goaland want to operate differently. So whether it should simply what we used to call the olddedicated space arrangements, where they would sort of rent space for aparticular period of years, or literally build out space for clients, or builda new building like we are doing in Sherbrooke for one or two clients who areproviding the motivation, or have our folks go in and manage other people'sfacilities, or work together collectively. And we've even had someconversations, although they haven't come to fruition, with clients who want tosell us their preclinical locations that they have taken out of commission. So, what we don't want to do is have one-size-fits-all forthese clients. We want to be able to listen carefully and respond to theirneeds and respond to them geographically as well. So it's an evolving way ofdoing business. We are not going to in any way denigrate our margins in orderto respond to the clients' needs. And I think that we should continue to seesort of the demand continue from a revenue contribution going forward. But the nature of the deals will be perhaps more complex andmore diverse going forward.
David Windley -Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsaowith Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Douglas Tsao - LehmanBrothers: Thanks and good morning. Congratulations on the quarter.Jim, to start off with, or Tom, I was wondering if you could provide somecomment on how you see the transition to the Reno facility; and how that wouldcompare to the transition into Shrewsbury from a cost standpoint, would this bea more or less expensive operation? And how -- what's your thinking going interms of our expectations for that in the fourth quarter as well as 2008?
Jim Foster: Why don't we both try to answer that? You should anticipatethat the Reno transition will besimilar in scale and scope to the Massachusettsone. We will be vacating the facility at the end of '08, as we are vacating theWorcester facility at the end of'07. We have in-life studies that are ongoing that can't bedisrupted, so we have to finish them in the old Reno facility at some point intime, as we did in Massachusetts; and then start new ones in the new Renofacility. So we should see similar pressure on the margin through '08.But remember, we should also see -- we expect to see some sequentialimprovement in Massachusetts aswell in '08, also.
Tom Ackerman: Just a couple of other data points to think about. Bothfacilities are about the same size. We will be operating probably a little bitmore of Reno facility on day one, versus how much we built out in Shrewsbury,both facilities will be run by the same management team that is in that area ,both, seven or eight miles from the existing site. So there are an awful lot of similarities. The work that'sdone at each site is probably a little bit different on a mix standpoint. But Ithink when you tally it all up, in advance of our having completed the 2008plan, it certainly looks and feels an awful lot like the transition at Shrewsbury.
Douglas Tsao - LehmanBrothers: Okay, great. And then, turning to the transgenics business,Jim sort of talked about the technological evolutions there and the increaseduse of polygenics. From your standpoint, do you get better margins from sort ofbreeding and maintaining polygenic colonies versus sort of these single geneknockout/knock-in colonies?
Jim Foster: I wouldn't expect that we would get better margins. Themargins in the transgenic business have been quite good historically and havebeen improving as we continue to fill up the capacity. So like most of ourbusinesses, as we utilize the capacity better, fill up the isolators, themargins will stay the same or perhaps get better. But the specific nature of the animals, it's unlikely thatthe work product itself will change dramatically.
Douglas Tsao - LehmanBrothers: And how much of a contributor -- you've commented that youare seeing more characterization work, as well as sort of analytical workassociated with the transgenics business. Has that been a significantcontributor to the rebound in that? Or has it largely been just a question ofvolume of colonies?
Jim Foster: There has been some benefit obviously from characterization.But I think the primary improvement that we are seeing is the sheer volume ofnew models that we are setting up almost on a weekly basis; and as I said,filling up the facilities and utilizing our labor wealth. And again, it is a worldwide phenomenon. We continue to bedelighted to see it happening across the world, which gives us the confidenceto really believe that this is a fundamental refocused investment in basictechnology.
Douglas Tsao - LehmanBrothers: Okay. And then final question. You've spoken a lot aboutsort of entering into discovery sciences more. You have also continued toemphasize your desire to stay focused on the company's expertise inanimal-based medicine. I was wondering, when you contemplate expanding yourdiscovery services, have you ever thought about getting more into the purechemistry related services? There is a lot of -- there has been a lot of growththere, especially in the Asian market, servicing large pharma companies. And Iwas just wondering if that had entered your radar screen?
Jim Foster: Well, we have indeed thought about it, but it really doesn'tfeel like it takes advantage of our core capabilities. There are lots of peoplein that business already who have been doing it for a long time. While it'scertainly in the development chain for new compounds, it's probably one that wewill continue to leave to others. So our discovery services business is very much autilization of our core capabilities, premised on our veterinary medicineexpertise. It's the same drivers that we're seeing in the regulatedpre-clinical studies that are going to drive this. And we think this is asubstantial business opportunity for us, albeit a small one at the currenttime. So we're going to stay focused on the animal-related andveterinary-related aspects of it.
Douglas Tsao - LehmanBrothers: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Congratulations on the quarter.
Jim Foster: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwellwith Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Eric Coldwell -Robert W. Baird: Thank you and good morning. The first question is just asimple one on Nevada. It appearsto me at least that, perhaps, your GLP work is starting faster than pastimplications. Is that an accurate assessment?
Jim Foster: Well, we've commented on it before. We have booked studiesand have been booking studies in that for '08. Those are new studies,obviously. So it's pretty much what we anticipated. This is a facility that hasa long and distinguished reputation in large animal toxicology work, similarclient base and the same staff. So the new facility just makes it, frankly, moreadvantageous for these clients. But we're seeing repeat work with them andexpect to continue to see that but not surprised by it.
Eric Coldwell -Robert W. Baird: Okay. In Shrewsbury,the commentary in the prepared remarks was that it's near capacity on the spacethat's currently being utilized. I guess the question is -- what percent ofthat facility is currently staffed and equipped, and what would be the timingof additional shelf rollouts in Shrewsbury?
Jim Foster: We've finished, we've renovated 60% of about 450,000 feet.There is some administrative space in there. And remember, lots of this isreplacement space. We've renovated that and that, we would say, is nearingcapacity. Where a lot of that is sort of earlier non-GLP work, we'rebeginning to see a gradual shift in mix, which we're delighted with. I think that'sgoing to be really important to this operation, and that should continue. We'reseeing an increase in the backlog in basic toxicology services at that site aswell. So while we are nearing capacity now, we will see a shift in how thatcapacity is utilized. We retain another 150,000 feet of space, which is shelfspace. That gives us great flexibility to finish that in a myriad of fashionsand phases at once, depending on what the demand is for our clients. While weare looking at the design, we'll pull the trigger when the demand intensifiesand when we see a more discernible need.
Eric Coldwell -Robert W. Baird: Great. And then, finally, regarding the new facility in Quebec,I guess, there has been some talk about that facility in a press release earlier.But I'm trying to get a sense of what will be unique about that facility interms of maybe your mix of CRDR work there being higher, perhaps, than in otherfacilities or what is the exact plans for that facility in terms of mix andstructure and how you work with clients there versus your other existingfootprint?
Jim Foster: So let's just go back to the driver. The driver for that newspace was the fact that we're out of capacity. We're out of physical space. Weplan to build at our current Montrealsite, which has grown quite large. We have some very large top-tier pharmaceutical clients, whoprefer utilizing that location, because they have a long relationship with thestudy directors and they're happy with the quality of the work, who, while we mayhave capacity elsewhere, really prefer to stay in Montreal.And that's the fungibility of the space, is definitely a goal of ours. But atthe current time you can't always direct a client to where you want them to. So there were a couple of clients, in particular, drivingthis space. This is sort of a satellite facility, a kind of the mother-shiplocation that we've had for years. This is clearly a dedicated resourcesarrangement, we have one or two of those clients who will take the first spaceof this site, which we anticipate will be about 300,000 feet. We'll build out 75,000 feet immediately. And by the timethat's operational, at the beginning of '09, it should be full. So it's more ofthe same sort of work, but as we said on a satellite basis and we also continueto grow it on a dedicated resources basis as well.
Eric Coldwell -Robert W. Baird: That's great. Let me add my congrats on a really strongquarter. Thanks, guys.
Jim Foster: Thank you.
Tom Ackerman: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of John Kreger withWilliam Blair. Please go ahead.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair: Thanks very much. You mentioned your results out at Montrealbeing affected by the strengthening Canadian dollar. If you adjust for that,how did Montreal do on kind of aconstant dollar basis in the quarter relative to your expectations?
Tom Ackerman: Montrealcontinues to do exceptional both in terms of revenue and operating margins. Andactually, notwithstanding the margins, the impact from the Canadian dollar, themargins are still extremely strong and, if not for that, it would have justbeen better. So it does take a little bit off of our overall margin forthe PCS and the corporation. But overall, from a foreign currency standpoint,because of the pickups we have elsewhere, where it's sort of muted on theoperating income level, but we are seeing pickups in sales, as we translate.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair: Great. Thanks. Then, a general question about theprofitability in your pre-clinical services business. As you look across yourvarious toxicology facilities, how would you characterize the performance? Arethey all kind of meeting your expectations or is there a potential to sort ofapply a best-practices approach to drive further margin leverage in thebusiness over the next couple of years?
Jim Foster: We're really pleased with the performance of most of ourfacilities. We've had topline growth everywhere, except for Nevada,which had capacity-constraints we've had sequential improvement in operatingmargins everywhere, except Massachusetts,which obviously had duplicate space. We have -- our goal is to get to 25% operating margins inthis sector. And we have most of our operations performing at or better thanthat level. So we continue to be pleased with the performance. We still havesome opportunities to maximize and implement best practices across all of oursites. We're continuing to work hard and drive efficiencies. Wecertainly hope to get increasing efficiencies in Montrealand Massachusetts and Nevada,which are newly built, obviously, and quite flexible in terms of how the spaceis utilized.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair: Great. And then, one last question. Jim, could you justexpand a bit on your dedicated resource comments? As those relationshipsevolve, are they starting to include kind of a dedicated staffing role as well?
Jim Foster: They may. Our goal is to expand our consulting and staffingbusiness, which is predominantly a primarily research model related at the currenttime. We have clients that have space that they want to utilize but don'tnecessarily want to do the work and who may not necessarily have the expertiseto do the work. While it's very early in those types of discussions, we'recertainly having them. Of course, people are utilizing our facilities, we haveanother arrangement that we're talking about where some of the clients will bepermanently or at least partially located in our facility at the same time. So,again, the goal here is maximum flexibility for the clients, utilizing thefacilities that are proximate to them, whether they are currently built out orcould be built out in the future.
John Kreger - WilliamBlair: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Alvarezof Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Alvarez -Goldman Sachs: Good morning and congrats on the quarter, guys. Just wantedto continue with some of the earlier questions on RMS. This year, there havebeen a lot of moving parts that have impacted revenue growth. And I was justhoping if we could get some color from you in terms of what you would kind ofview as a long-term growth rate for the division? I just want to make sure we don't get carried away withexpectations, because I think the last time that the Street was looking for along-term double-digit growth rate, it did create some challenges for thecompany.
Jim Foster: It's okay, if you get carried away. I think that it'sreasonable to expect, even though we're talking about low double digits forthis year, there is some FX in there. So our realistic aspiration is that webelieve we can grow this business at high-single-digit rate. That's obviously acombination of multiple businesses with different growth rates commensuratewith them. But we see a very significant demand both in the earlydiscovery side and the later-stage development side of our business, and on theproducts and services side as well. We're thrilled with the way that PTS isgrowing. We're thrilled to see our U.S.rodent sales and European rodent sales are growing at double-digit rates thisyear. And we are very -- and continue to be delighted with thetransgenic service improvement over the prior year. And we don't really see anyindications that that demand quotient should change. So we're looking at sortof high-single-digit growth, where operating margins are continuing to remainin the low 30s.
Alex Alvarez -Goldman Sachs: All right. Thanks. That was great color. And then in termsof the improved growth in research models right now that you're seeing, wouldyou attribute that primarily to higher spending by customers or is there asense internally that you're making some market share gains as well?
Jim Foster: I think both. We're seeing higher spending in basicdiscovery, as I said, and in development work, because pipelines have to beinvigorated. And that's really the only way to do it. We certainly believe thatwe're taking share from at least one of our primary competitors, particularlyin the United States,particularly in the academic and government sector, and a little bit in thepharmaceutical sector as well. We continue to get pricing, but we're seeing some nice unitgrowth and increasing mix benefits and believe that those, sort of, metricsshould continue.
Alex Alvarez -Goldman Sachs: And just one last one, in terms of PTS, how many salespeopledo you have out in the marketplace, right now, selling the product? And then,could you just remind us of the sales cycle? How long is it taking potential customersto move from the validation stage of the product to actually making a purchasedecision?
Jim Foster: I don't know the exact number of salespeople on a worldwidebasis. So we'll have to get back to you on that. But it's primarily directsalespeople. It's a highly technical sale that usually requires some sort ofwet lab training. The sales cycle can take a while, sort of, three to ninemonths, kind of, thing. Even when they're transitioning from our own oldertechnologies, just to understand it, obviously, it's a little tougher when theyare transitioning from a competitor's technology to ours. But once we havecaptured the clients, we feel that we will be able to hold them. And we aredefinitely making those transitions now.
Alex Alvarez - GoldmanSachs: Great. Thank you for the details.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Rob Gilliam withUBS. Please go ahead.
Rob Gilliam - UBS: Hi. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered atthis point. I guess just one and I don't think that you have addressed itearlier. But just given the robust demand for RMS and as well as the positivemix shift towards transgenics that you spoke about earlier, just curious aboutpricing. I understand that this is the time of year when you passthrough the new pricing for 2008. And is the 3% still the right number for RMSas a whole or given the positive mix shift could we maybe see that number driftup a little bit higher?
Jim Foster: So we're not going to give details on '08, until our guidancecall, which is in mid-December. So I'm not going to answer that specifically,except to say that we've always been able to improve our prices, appropriatelevels, in our research model business. And I would anticipate that we'll beable to continue to do so next year. And when we do that, we can give you morespecific color on that.
Rob Gilliam - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot. That's all I have. Appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of HariSambasivam. Please go ahead.
Hari Sambasivam -Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. A quick question for Tom Ackerman. Justgiven the decline of the U.S. dollar and I'm just wondering in terms of yourcapital expansion plans ex-U.S., how does that -- how do you sort of thinkabout it over the next, say, three to five years with the dollar going where itis? Secondly, in terms of the U.S. dollar declining as well, howdo you sort of adjust pricing for that? Is it something that you can recoupfrom ex-U.S. clients? Or is it something that you have to eat, like in theCanadian facility?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, the -- well, it's relevant in a couple of ways, Hari.And most specifically in our Canadian operations, where many of our customersare based in the U.S.and the predominant mode of invoicing or method of invoicing is in the U.S.dollar. So a couple things that we have looked at and continue tolook at is we're having discussions with some of our larger clients aboutpotentially billing those in Canadian dollars, which would obviously alleviatesome of that risk. We are also doing hedging practices and looking at extendingthose, although given the weakness of the dollar today it would obviously bedifficult to make a long-term hedging decision. But nonetheless we want to atleast put in policies and practices that would allow us to probably go out andhedge longer than we have historically. We do look at, as we expand, the locations where we areexpanding and the benefits of that. And while the exchange rates are somewhatunfavorable between the Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar at this particularpoint in time, labor rates historically have been lower in Canadathan they have been in the U.S.So it still continues to be a good source of appropriately priced labor supply.And of course, that's one of the factors we look at as well.
Hari Sambasivam -Merrill Lynch: What about longer-term ex-U.S. expansion with the U.S.dollar going where it is, Tom?
Tom Ackerman: Longer-term, where we would expand, you mean?
Hari Sambasivam -Merrill Lynch: Right. I mean in terms of capital expansion ex-U.S. with theU.S. dollar going down, I'm just wondering that makes it much more expensive tosort do capital expansions elsewhere. So does that sort of figure into yourplans as to how you can recoup this investment if the dollar keeps sort ofdeclining over a period of time?
Tom Ackerman: Well, it does. I mean if you think about Canadaas an example, we are cash flow positive in Canada.So the CapEx that we would spend in Canadawould be mostly driven by operating cash flows within Canadaitself. So it's not like we have to send money from the U.S.up there at an unfavorable rate, or if we needed to we could obviously borrowlocally. So, I think all those things factor into it, but from wherewe sit today, as an example, the expansion in Sherbrooke,we believe, is still a good transaction to undertake.
Hari Sambasivam -Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And the final question is from the line of Doug Schenkelwith Cowen. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: Hi. Good morning and congrats on a great quarter. Relativeto Street expectations, as I just referred to it was a very good quarter. Ithink Q3, I think it's fair to say that Q3 is usually a bit of a tougherquarter seasonally while Q4, while it's tough seasonally, it usually rebounds abit sequentially. It doesn't look like that's going to be the case this yeargiven that you have implicitly guided the Street to expect a sequentialslowdown in sales heading into Q4. So just so we can better understand howstrong a quarter Q3 was, can you talk about whether or not you pulled somesales into Q3 that were expected in Q4? And if so, on which side of thebusiness? How should we think about the margin impact both from a Q3 upside andQ4 outlook perspective?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, this is Tom, Doug. There is no -- I would say no -- wewould not pull any sales forward. We wouldn't do that, and it's generally notthat available to us anyway. We can't ship out animals a little early with somesort of a [SPF program]. I think one of the things that I said earlier is that it wasa very good quarter almost everywhere we looked. We always have businesses thatoutperform, we have businesses that are sort of where you expect them, andsometimes of course we have businesses that are under-performing and theportfolio sort of manages that. This quarter, being Q3, I would not say that we had anydisappointments anywhere. So the stars were sort of aligned all over the place.Corporate expenses were favorable as we talked about, up versus last year butsequentially down versus Q3. We wouldn't expect to see that same thing in Q4, although wewould still expect to see it on a favorable trend basis. So I think it was avery, very good quarter and I think we are sort of seeing the same similarthings and guiding that way that we would expect in Q4 in terms of seasonality,opening of the new facilities, things like that. A couple of things that we probably didn't mention in ourprepared remarks is, we did have a bump up in the tax rate in Q3 of last year,which we didn't experience this year. We also expect a higher share count inQ4. Last year we actually had some favorable foreign exchange activities in Q4,and I wouldn't expect that again this year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: Yes, okay and now that makes sense. And again it was astrong quarter and I understand it's hard to accelerate sales from one quarterinto another. Just given how positive you and others have been aboutbiopharma demands on the outsourcing side, it just looks like your PCS salesgrowth is a big conservative, given that if I just punch in the numbers for Q4to get to your full-year guidance, it doesn't look like you're expecting amaterial increase sequentially. So I don't know. Is that conservatism? Or is there somethinggoing on there from a capacity standpoint? Or is it a transition into newfacilities? Could you provide a little bit more color there?
Tom Ackerman: Yes, well, we certainly wouldn't comment on the type ofquestion and I know you don't mean it that way that is it conservative? I mean,we wouldn't comment on that. RMS is typically down sequentially in the fourthquarter. We don't expect to see anything different this quarter. That's sort ofwhat we talked about in our prepared remarks. And I do think, we will continue to see some sequentialgrowth in PCS. But I think given the higher profitability of RMS, it sort ofweighs on that more heavily. And then I think if you go into a couple of theother things that we talked about, like the continuing transition inShrewsbury, we now are beginning to occupy Reno, where we will start to havesome duplicate costs that will overlap in the fourth quarter, which is reallythe first time we've seen that. So while we are not occupying Renoen masse, we do already have people that show up there everyday for work. So weare seeing operating expenses in the fourth quarter. So we kind of have that atboth facilities. So I think it will be a good quarter, but I think it will be adifferent quarter from the third quarter, obviously.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: Okay. And just one last one, kind of an updated picturequestion. Clearly, you guys have the nice problem of being at full capacity insome of your older and newer facilities. Clearly, there is going to be upsidedriven by mix on the topline as well as at the margin line. Is there any ability to use, I guess what we're referring tonow as CRDRs as a way to shift projects amongst facilities, so that you couldfree up capacity at some of your facilities where it is tight right now?
Jim Foster: Directionally, that's certainly our goal and particularlyamongst the four big locations that we have, that have a whole range ofproducts and services. We are hoping that over time clients will pretty muchlook at them similarly, so we can sell space that's not fully utilized at aparticular period of time. And we are quite confident that we will get there. It willtake some time. As I said earlier, clients have long-standing relationshipswith particular locations and particularly the study directors in thoselocations; and there is some reluctance to make changes even within a system assophisticated as ours. But as we build particularly these two new facilities andare able to validate the depth of expertise we have, we are comfortable thatover time that will change.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. Pleasecontinue.
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeingyou at the Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference next week and speaking with youon December 13, when we hold our 2008 guidance call. This concludes today'scall. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference fortoday. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executiveteleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Susan Hardy - VP of IR   Jim Foster - President and CEO   Tom Ackerman - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: David Windley - Jefferies & Company   Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers   Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird   Kerry Nelson - Skystone Capital Management   Jonathan Palmer - Thomas Weisel Partners   Derik De Bruin - UBS   Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan   John Sullivan - Leerink Swann   Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company 
Operator: Welcome to the Charles River Laboratories Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Susan Hardy. Please go ahead. 
Susan Hardy: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Charles River Laboratories' second quarter 2007 conference call and webcast. This morning, Jim Foster, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Ackerman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will comment on our second quarter results and review guidance for 2007. Following the presentation, we will respond to questions.  There's a slide presentation associated with today's remarks, which is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.criver.com. A taped replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today and can be accessed by calling 800-475-6701. The international access number is 3203653844. The pin number in either case is 880215. The replay will be available until August 22nd. You may also access an archived version of the webcast on our Investor Relations website.  I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor. Any remarks that we may make about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K, which was filed on February 27, 2007, as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  During this call, we will be primarily discussing non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures help investors to gain a meaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company's performance. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered superior to or a substitute for results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. In accordance with Regulation G, you can find the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations to those GAAP measures on the Investor Relations section of our website through the Financial Reconciliations link.  Now I will turn the call over to Jim Foster.  
Jim Foster: Good morning. I am very pleased to talk with you today about our second quarter results, which demonstrate robust demand on the products of pharmaceutical and biotech customers with the essential products and services we provide, and they are confident in Charles River Laboratories.  For the second quarter, net sales increased 14.8% to $307 million as a result of strong growth in both the RMS and Preclinical segments. The acquisition of Northwest Kinetics contributed 2.9 percentage point and foreign exchange added 2.1% to the growth rate.  Operating income for the quarter was $65.7 million compared to $62.5 million reported in the second quarter of '06. The operating margin decreased to 21.4% compared to 23.3% in the same period last year.  The primary drivers of the decline were higher corporate costs resulting from the investments we are making in order to support our growing business, and the costs associated with the preclinical facility transition in Massachusetts. Although we reported improved capacity utilization across many of our facilities, both RMS and PCS, the benefit as expected, was offset by the start-up and transition costs associated with operating the two facilities in Massachusetts.  I will discuss the transition in more detail shortly. But you should note that although we recorded a full quarters costs for the two Massachusetts facilities in the second quarter, the overall margin declined only 40 basis points in the first quarter of '07, when we reported only partial costs. At $43.8 million, net income from continuing operations was 5.3% higher than the $41.6 million reported in the second quarter of '06. However, earnings per share increased 10.3% to $0.64, due primarily to the lower number of shares outstanding.  Through August 1st, we have repurchased a total of $6.7 million shares under our stock repurchase authorization, and just increase the authorization by a $100 million. The strong second quarter results combined with our expectation as the market trends will continue to support our growth the basis for our confidence in the outlook for the year. In recognition of that confidence, I am pleased to tell you we are raising our 2007 sales guidance to a range of 12% to 14%, which is a combination of high single-digit growth in RMS, and high-teens growth in PCS. We are also raising the lower as of the EPS range to 247 from 243.  Now I will tell you more about our second quarter segment results. The RMS segment results sales grew 9.9% in the second quarter, the foreign exchange contributing 1.8% as was the case in the first quarter, the growth was quite broad-based with significant contributions from the US and European research model transgenic services and in vitro products.  A wide spectrum of pharma and biotech customers including many of our largest customers increased their spending.  Second quarter operating margin increased 80 basis points to 31.7% from 30.9% in the second quarter of '06, due primarily higher sales and improved operating efficiencies. This was especially the case in transgenic as we continue to benefit from the cost savings initiatives we implemented last year. The sequential decline is due primarily to the contribution from the additional sales of large models in the first quarter following a quarantine delay in the fourth quarter of last year.  We were extremely pleased to see sales of research models in the United States for the industry ride faster than the 10% we recorded in the first quarter. Sales of immunodeficient mice were quite strong, which we attributed at least in part to increased focus on discovery and oncology drugs; sales of outbred rats and inbred rats were robust due to an increased drug developing effort. The US sales trends were echoed in our European business.  Worldwide transgenic services sales increased for the third consecutive quarter and again were better than anticipated. There was a continuing focus on the use of transgenic models as discovery tools, and the strength of our discovery services offering which, in addition to housing and breeding include genotyping, phenotyping and other services, which support development of these models, make us the first choice for researchers in this field.  The creation and development of transgenic models are driving the current growth. However, cost pressures of pharmaceutical companies have offset the growth in the past, and may do so again. We have conducted extensive discussions with customers to try and determine whether the growth will continue, but have not been able to identify a discernible trend.  Based on current customer indications, we do expect sales in the second half of this year to be higher than in the same period last year, although the fourth quarter will not be an anniversary of improving transgenic sales. Our guys will be optimistic for now, and hope to have a better perspective on '08 by the time we provide guidance in December.  Our in vitro business performed extremely well in the quarter primarily as a result of sales of the PTS. Sales are continuing to ramp, with increasing sales not only to pharmaceutical manufacturers, but also to nuclear pharmacies; we expect to be subject to endotoxin testing regulation as early as '08. The PTS is tailor made for nuclear pharmacy since the compound they produce has a very short-shelf life, and those test results are critical.  We have also just launched a multi-cartridge system or MCS. The MCS will read multiple cartridges, and the ability that our larger customers require. I would like to update you on the status of our California and Maryland RMS expansions, as you know two of the new barrier rooms in the California addition were put into service in early June. We are currently building production in these rooms and expect to begin shipping product by the end of the year. Given the strong demand in the western region of the country we expect to open a third production room in the first quarter of '08.  I am pleased to tell you that we broke ground two weeks ago for the new Maryland facility from which we will support our dedicated states agreement with the National Cancer Institute. We are eager to begin operations in that facility, which is now scheduled to open in the third quarter of '08.  We are very pleased with the RMS second quarter results. Our sales reflect the strong demand from many customers for our high quality products and the expert services we provide. Our operating margin reflects the leverage from higher sales, improved efficiency from last years cost saving initiatives, and our ongoing efforts to affect continuous process improvement. With the new capacity provided by our expansion project, we believe we will be extremely well positioned to support our customers' requirement for a high quality value added Research Model and Services and to promote our growth.  The Preclinical Services segment reported sales growth of 19.4% for the second quarter, benefiting from robust sales, favorable mix, improved capacity utilization, and stable pricing. Foreign exchange contributed 2.3% and Northwest Kinetics added approximately 5.5%. We were pleased that Northwest Kinetics growth was considerably better than our expectation, as the new capacity is growing quickly.  As expected the PCS operating margin at 22% was lower than the 25.4% we reported in the second quarter of '06. Second quarter of this year was significantly affected by the transition and start-up costs associated with the new facility in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.  Second quarter was the first full quarter of Shrewsbury and as expected its operating margin decline significantly. However, robust sales growth and the resulting improvement in capacity utilization at all of our other preclinical toxicology facility helped to offset the decline in the Massachusetts operating margin.  Before I discuss Massachusetts in more detail, I would like to spend another moment on the performance of our other task facility. To say that the results improved doesn't do justice to the excellent performance they delivered.  All of these facilities delivered double-digit sales growth in the second quarter as clients continue to outsource services like Charles River as their provider of choice. Each of these facilities also reported a higher operating margin the result of the combination of greater capacity utilization, benefits to arrive from the cost saving initiative we implemented last year, our fourth generation six-signal process and sales mix. In fact the margin improvement was so significant that on a sequential basis the PCS operating margin improved 60 basis points from the first quarter.  Historically the Worcester facility has been known for its expertise and earlier stage discovery and services, and we are continuing to focus on those services at Shrewsbury. Clients are very pleased to place studies with a significantly enhanced and experienced scientific staff in our state-of-the-art facility and I am pleased to tell you the Shrewsbury has been feeling rapidly.  Much of the early discovery work is short-term, so to improve the sales mix our plan for Shrewsbury involved expansion of our services to include a greater proportion of long-term development work. By doing so, we will better support our clients drug discovery and development effort as well as increase the revenue generation capability and profitability of the facility.  Based on the growing backlog the toxicology studies, we believe we are making good progress on this plant. The transition from our Worcester facility is also proceeding on schedule. We continue to move functions regularly and expect to finish our lab in life study in the third quarter. We estimate that by early September all new in life studies will be placed exclusively in Shrewsbury. The remaining laboratory service will move during the fourth quarter and we expect to exit Worcester on schedule no later than the end of December.  Our Nevada expansion continues to progress well and most of the product phase is nearly completed. We are on schedule to begin validation in September, complete construction in October and initiate studies in the new facility in January of '08. Customers are regularly touring the facility and we already have studies committed to next year.  As this is the case in Massachusetts, we are also discussing dedicated phase arrangement for the Nevada facility and we believe that such arrangements are likely in both locations.  Overall, we are extremely pleased with our preclinical performance in the second quarter. As I said before, all of our preclinical-type facilities delivered strong net sales growth and operating efficiency, which give us confidence that as we get the cost associated with transitioning to our new facilities in Massachusetts and Nevada, we will make strides towards our longer term goal of the 25% operating margin. We see no diminution in the demand for high quality preclinical services, and in fact find the customers are increasingly choosing to outsource entire drug development programs.  We are currently providing management to nearly 300 programs for approximately 90 customers, who were chosen to use Charles River Scientific and technical expertise rather than to incur the costs to maintain in-house capabilities, and that number has risen significantly from the '06 level.  With intensifying demand given our expertise, and regulatory compliant preclinical services and our global footprint, including the expansions in Shrewsbury, Reno, and China, we believe we are positioned as a premier player in this field with significant opportunities of growth. Execution of our strategy to be the premier provider of the essential products and services to the drug development industry is dependent on investment on a number of funds, and we are committed to making those investments.  Our current capital expansion program is the building block of the capacity; we need to support our customers' requirement and our own growth into the next decade. Many other investments are equally important. Internal development and strategic bolt-on acquisitions will augment our portfolio.  Our IT initiatives will enable us to build the infrastructure that will provide scientific and business information, when and whatever form we needed. Our larger executive team and other personnel addition give us the bench strength to execute our initiatives, and I will tell you that we are the strongest and most experienced senior staff in the history of the company.  We also believe that success requires intense focus on core competencies in being the best of what you do, and doing it flawlessly; while we strive for continuous improvement, we believe that we excel in our core areas of laboratories, animal medicine and science and regulatory compliant preclinical services.  Our confidences are our greatest asset. And we invest continuously to leverage them to our own and our customers' advantage. We believe that the pharmaceutical industry is at an inflection point unprecedented in the history. With many drugs coming of patent and new drugs increasingly complex and more possibly to develop pharma companies are recognizing the need for a new drug development model. Strategic outsourcing is the key component of this model, evidenced by the number of pharma facility closures and staff reductions, and by the intensifying demand for outsourced services.  In this environment, our goal is not only to be the supplier of choice, but to be a partner. By partnering with outside customers, we can focus on the early discovery that they do best, and rely on us to support their late discovery and development effort rather than incurring the costs of replicating our expertise in-house.  Customers can operate more efficiently and cost effectively when they partner with Charles River, to achieve the ultimate objective of bringing drugs to the market faster. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for their exceptional work and commitment, and our shareholders for their continuing support.  Now I will turn the call over to Tom Ackerman. 
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Before I discuss our second quarter financial performance, I would like to remind you that our discussion today focuses on results from continuing operations. As Jim did, I will also focus my comments on non-GAAP results, which exclude all acquisition-related amortization, and other items such as charges associated with the accelerated exit from our Worcester preclinical facility and those related to our cost-saving actions in the second quarter of last year.  Now, I will comment on making the GAAP results, to say that the GAAP operating margin increased 70 basis points year-over-year primarily due to the fact that the nonrecurring charges related to the cost savings initiatives plus last year's second quarter GAAP results. In addition, acquisition related amortization expense declined this year.  As anticipated, the overall non-GAAP operating margin declined to 21.4% in the second quarter of 2007 from 23.3% last year reflecting the expected decline in PCS margins due to the startup and transition cost in Massachusetts as well as hire and allocated corporate cost. An increase in the RMS margin partially offset the overall operating margin decline. However, operating income did increased by 5.2% to 65.7 million driven by higher sales and improved capacity utilization in both segments, as a result of higher operating income, lower net interest expense and lower share count to do the repurchases, second quarter EPS increased 10.3% to $0.64 from $0.58 a year ago.  On a sequential basis, growth in sales and operating income was robust at 5.6% and 3.6% respectively. The contribution from the shipment of large research models in the first quarter of this year and the second quarter startup and transition cost in Massachusetts, cause the operating margin to decline by 40 basis points sequentially. EPS remain flat at $0.64 with the higher operating income offset by increases and other expenses and the diluted share count.  Unallocated corporate overhead increased by $3.2 million year-over-year to $16 million in the second quarter of 2007 driven by the expected increases in IT costs, stock-based compensation expense and corporate spending on our Greater China initiative.  On our first quarter conference call, we had stated that we expected unallocated corporate costs to decline from the $16 million we reported. That did happen for higher than anticipated healthcare expenses offset the reduction. Assuming healthcare expenses return to normal levels, we expect the quarterly run rate in the second half of 2007 to be slightly below the first half.  Total equity compensation expense was $7.1 million in the second quarter; as expected equity compensation expense increased nearly $1.7 million both year-over-year and sequentially driven by the timing of our first quarter equity compensation awards. We continue to expect these costs to be approximately $27 million for the year.  Second quarter net interest expense of $2.6 million decreased $1.1 million year-over-year reflecting increased interest income on higher cash balances. However, net interest expense increased by approximately 500k sequentially versus the first quarter due to reduction and the amount of capitalize interest expense.  We expect full-year 2007 net interest expense to be approximately $10 to $12 million. Other expense increased sequentially by $1.2 million related to foreign exchange losses partially offset by gains on investments related to our deferred compensation plan.  The tax rate remained stable in the second quarter decreasing slightly to 29.3% from 29.4% in the first quarter of this year. We expect the rate to remain stable in the second half of the year and as a result our maintaining our tax rate guidance of 29% to %29.5 for 2007.  Year-over-year the tax rate increased approximately 200 basis points from 27.3% in the second quarter of 2006. Last year second quarter benefits from a one-time evaluation of our Canadian deferred tax assets and liabilities following a reduction in the Canadian federal income tax rate.  Now let's move to balance sheet and cash flow items. At the end of the second quarter, we had cash and cash equivalents of $162.5 million, plus $102.3 million in short and long-term marketable securities for a total of $264.4 million compared to $255.5 million as of March 31st and $286.8 million at the end of 2006.  The decrease versus the end of last year was due to the investments in our capital expansion program, payments made on term loans, purchase of the remaining interest in our Japanese business from minority partner, completion of our Chinese joint venture, and share repurchases.  Accounts receivable were $228.6 million at the end of the second quarter up from $202.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 primarily due to higher sales. Our DSO increased slightly to 40 days in the second quarter, when compared to 39 days of the fourth quarter of 2006. We continue to work on improving DSOs in a few targeted areas, and have not seen deterioration in our receivable aging as a result of the higher DSOs.  For the first half of 2007, free cash flow was $6 million up from $4 million last year. However capital expenditures were $87 million in the first half of this year versus $57 million in the prior year period, so that's a net increase of $33 million in operating cash flow. Our full year 2007 guidance for free cash flow remains in the range of $25 to $50 million with CapEx of $200 to $225 million.  Depreciation in the second quarter increased $1.9 million to $15.1 million primarily as a result of the new Shrewsbury facility. Our full year depreciation forecast remains at $54 million. Total amortization expense declined $1.2 million to $8.1 million in the second quarter due to reduction in the Inveresk-related amortization expense. Our 2007 forecast for amortization expense increased slightly to $32 million, as a result of foreign exchange rates.  As noted in our press release last night, our board has authorized a 100 million increase to our account share repurchase program, bringing the program to 400 million, with approximately 122 million remaining for repurchase as of August 1st. We planned to buy the active shares over the next couple of years to help offset dilution.  As Jim mentioned, we remain on track to exit Worcester and fully transition to our Shrewsbury facility no later than the end of the year. We are incurring impairment and other charges of roughly $0.03 to $0.05 per share in 2007 to complete the accelerated exit. But as we have stated previously, we are expecting an early exit to reduce duplicative cost in Massachusetts by at least 1 million per quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2008.  We booked another 0.9 million of Worcester impairment charges in the second quarter for a total of 1.7 million year-to-date of approximately $0.02 per share. The $0.03 to $0.05 charges should be partially offset by gain of approximately $0.02 on the anticipated sale of real estate in Scotland. The result would be a net charge of approximately $0.01 to $0.03 per share in 2007.  Looking ahead, I would now like to discuss some factors regarding our second half performance. We expect robust sales growth to continue in the second half of the year, but at a level slightly below the first half due primarily to normal seasonality in the Research Model business, a smaller anticipated benefit from foreign exchange, and the anniversary of Northwest Kinetics acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2006. We also expect slightly lower operating margins, and EPS in the second half of the year due to normal seasonality in our RMS business particularly in the fourth quarter, and increased cost in Montreal due to the stronger Canadian dollar.  Finally, we expect our diluted share count will average slightly more than 69 million shares for the second half of the year, which is higher than the first half due to dilutive effect of option exercises of 2.25% convertible debt and increase in our share price. This dilution will be partially offset by repurchases under our 10b5-1 plan that covers the remaining 22 million under the buyback program prior to the new $100 million authorization. In the second quarter we included 0.2 million shares of dilution from the convert, which occurred on a share price rose above 48.94.  You should also note that the fourth quarter of 2006 included $1.6 million of other income from gains on investment related to our deferred compensation plan and foreign exchange gains, which we do expect to recur in the fourth quarter of this year.  Based on our exceptional performance in the first half of the year and expectation of robust sales growth in the second half, we are raising our 2007 sales guidance to 12% to 14% growth. We have also narrowed our EPS guidance to 215 to 221 on a GAAP basis and 247 to 253 on non-GAAP basis. We are extremely pleased to be well positioned after the first half to deliver 2007 results at the high end of the ranges that we originally provided in December.  That concludes our remarks. We will now take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of David Windley with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, in your prepared remarks you commented on program management or full programs in toxicology and so could you describe a little bit more of the package of services that you are providing in full programs? 
Jim Foster: Hi, Dave. Its that range of services, which is always comprised of multiple studies to clients depending on the size of client and the type of arrangement, how to take a client how we go through the whole of the development preclinical process and some has as we just to a portion that in our cases if we are given unusually robust expertise in specialty study we do a wide range for all 300 of those programs. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Are you seeing any of that pull-through to Phase I? 
Jim Foster: Yeah, we still see some of that pull-through in [Sky] facility and all we have since we have been, as we did at the end of '04. Obviously in Northwest Kinetics operation is relatively new and should work very nicely in terms with expanded Reno operation. We expect to get some to West Coast pull-through there, but where really we have to wait for the facility is more operational. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And more specifically do those full programs include Phase I or is that something that comes along for you after the program management is complete? 
Jim Foster: Really, at the end of the program management. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Moving on to Tom, your comments on corporate overhead, I want to make sure I understood that. So it is about flat, sequentially you thought it would be down a couple of million dollars, healthcare costs are accounting for that full difference? 
Tom Ackerman: I won't say the full difference Dave. That was the primary driver. So we also saw in the second quarter expenses in corporate areas as a result of our initiatives into China for example. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Okay. 
Tom Ackerman: The healthcare would have accounted for most of it and I wouldn't say that those are increases either. We actually expected to see healthcare costs lighten up a little bit as occurred last year and that didn't happen. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Didn't happen? 
Jim Foster: Yeah. Although at this point, it does look like they will moderate out a little bit. And I think we're still a little bit optimistic for the rest of the year. But essentially, what we saw last year too, where we've had a little bit of heavy alone in the first half and for whatever reason things improved in the second half. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: So, you guys are working too hard. 
Jim Foster: Exactly that, but 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: In California and Worcester two rooms opened now, and you mentioned the third room is to open. I wanted to make sure I understood the timing of that third barrier room opening? 
Tom Ackerman: We've got two rooms opened now Dave, which we've production coming up, and we will be shipping before the end of year. We anticipate a third room coming online in the beginning of '08. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Beginning of '08. And then how many rooms would Worcester be able to support, how many does it have in total by the time you are fully fitted out? 
Tom Ackerman: We built an incremental five. 
David Windley - Jefferies & Company: Five, okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations. 
Jim Foster: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Douglas Tsao with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could provide some kind of detail as far as the utilization of capacity outside of Montreal and Edinburgh, income of your other satellite facility, just to get a feel for how much growth we might see beyond just the additions of Shrewsbury and Reno? 
Jim Foster: So, we've sufficient capacity collectively in operation Doug to accommodate the demands of the market. And I think we've been bringing on multiple locations in relatively rational increments each year. And the two new locations were obviously replacement state and eventually some incremental state. So, we've been adding, and we'll continue to add to all of our operations in order to keep abreast of and ahead of the market. 
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: And then have you been utilizing additional -- I know that there is a government-run facility in Montreal that you cap into frequently. Did you expand your user rooms at that Montreal facility this past quarter? 
Jim Foster: No, we did on last year, and we have a sizeable number of rooms that we utilize consistently, and have contracted for those exclusively, and we pretty much matched out that operation. 
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then final question, it seems the Reno facility will be a multi-species facility versus being primate only in the past. Have you had to significantly -- I guess the question is how are you handling the recruitment of new study directors, who have the appropriate experience for doing that the studies that will being used for that region? 
Jim Foster: Well, it's a combination of utilizing our current staff from other locations to do some training of current study directors, and at the same time recruiting people expressly with background in species besides large animals. The general manager of that operation has extensive experience of multiple species, and has extensive contacts in the industry. And through his offices and also sort of a very focused recruitment effort, we are broadening our expertise and will be training up employees prior to the launch. 
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: So that recruiting effort is already begun, recruiting/training effort is already begun? 
Jim Foster: Yeah. 
Douglas Tsao - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Eric Coldwell with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, good morning. I think Dave basically captured my big questions. Quickly I was hoping you could go into a little more detail in Shrewsbury in terms of its sense where the study mix is today, what kind of activity levels you are seeing, an update on staffing in Shrewsbury just any additional color on that facility build out? 
Jim Foster: Yeah, so Shrewsbury is validated consolidated open at staff. So we are fully staffed with a ramp at this time, and obviously we continue to staff up as we continue to fill the facility. It has been filling up rapidly, we've got lots of clients come through potentially new clients and clients that are repeat clients we been utilizing in Worcester.  The mix to business tends to be predominantly sort of early discovery studies or acute studies, which would be primary expertise of our Worcester operation and sort of reputation base. We now have the capability from a facility point of view and a static point of view to go well beyond that and we've more long-term, more sophisticated studies.  And we are beginning to move in that direction. Backlog is building nicely to support this notion and as customers become more familiar with the various customers do want short-term studies and then we progress the longer term study, we believe we will be able to modify that mix in a more favorable fashion. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Jim, are you seeing any market mix shift in the type of toxicology studies being done today, or Pfizer is talking about a threefold increase in Phase III programs obviously long-term oncogenicity and other studies are in concurrent with Phase III, a lot of manufacturers are making the same comments. Is there a big shift here towards chronic studies or long-term work, and also what kind of mix shift are you seeing with specialty versus general? 
Jim Foster: We are seeing a continued mix, continued shift towards longer term studies, but feel a combination of both, which allows to be more response to the clients need. I think there is a continuing build in demand for specialty studies, given their complexity and cost facility drop in a necessity to training employees to be able to do that in a consistent fashion. So we've always come from a background of specialty work, but I would say that increasing our scope and focus commensurate with the type of work that client performing and commensurate with the increase demand to do that externally and not make the investment in order to develop the expertise themselves. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: My final question and then I will seed the floor here is preconditioning -- I didn't hear a lot of commentary about the preconditioning initiative in the prepared remarks. So I was hoping we can get an update on your status with that initiative? 
Jim Foster: Our discovery services, part of our business which is really a broader umbrella, which includes preconditioning and things like genotyping and pharmacokinetics and surgery et cetera, the whole range of studies to our clients is progressing to offer very small base portions of it like [Shrewsbury], capabilities continue to be quite strong and we see a very rapid outsourcing.  Move on to clients part and we are beginning to make some inroads, and some strides with clients in understanding that the other services are available to them on a large scale basis, multiple geographical location. We are confident that we will see that business continue to build, but it is still at a relatively small base at the moment. 
Eric Coldwell - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks very much. Good results in the quarter. 
Jim Foster: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Kerry Nelson with Skystone Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Kerry Nelson - Skystone Capital Management: Hi, great quarter. A couple of follow-ups, can you just comment on, I think you mentioned, if you feel like the industry is at an unprecedented tipping point? Can you just talk about what that means in terms of pricing and backlog? 
Tom Ackerman: It means that price is not the first item on the agenda with that client. There the tax historically was a more important issue for them. I think there is recognition that we are making significant investments in facility and staff, and little of the clients are doing it themselves. The pricing is part of our rational business practices in order to effectuate appropriate returns, in order to pay our folks well, and the clients were able to offload that business to itself.  Price is always prior to every discussion, but instead of rank where at the top four or five things it tends to be in most cases very much near the bottom. As long as we continue to make investments remotely at these levels, we are going to ask for and expect to get additional price from clients.  We've seen the backlog is building nicely. We commented that we are very pleased with the backlog building in Massachusetts, which is obviously important given that it's a new account for us. Some margin of capacity is left, that capacity is filling up well in other places, so backlogs are building there also. Again, there is only a certain amount of time that clients will wait. So, it's important for us.  We would like to have three, four months of backlog over time; incremental facilities slightly has the demand for the backlog it doesn't hold much longer than that or frustrate clients, and they will be forced to look elsewhere. So, we are pleased with the levels of backlog, and we are pleased with the reaction of our clients about pricing initiatives. 
Kerry Nelson - Skystone Capital Management: That's great. And then, just one other follow-up, on the dedicated space, as you work towards that in both Reno and the Shrewsbury facility, can you just help us understand how you are thinking about the return on capital as you price out that space relative to the visibility that dedicated space would provide? Are you going to require the same sort of return on capital that undedicated space would be? 
Tom Ackerman: That would be our goal. That was the important to their clients, who is not building new space with some clients, who is not building new space to have the sleep factor associated with knowing that they have the space dedicated and a complete studies in at any time. I don't think it necessarily follows that a different margin contribution for that sort of business versus normal business. And so, we are going to try to effectuate both having long-term partnership relationships with clients, where we'll sit on the same side of the table and they pay us well for our work. 
Kerry Nelson - Skystone Capital Management: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Jonathan Palmer with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Palmer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Jim in your prepared remarks, you spoke about the strong performance in Toxicology. I was wondering if you could just break that out a little further for us on the drivers behind that. Is it stronger outsourcing from pharma or winning more contracts in business? 
Jim Foster: Not sure there is a distinction between the two. There is no question that one can feel the increasing intensity of strategic outsourcing being used as a labor by our clients, by large pharma, large biotech and emerging biotech as well. There is no question that there is a reluctance on the part of clients to make the capital drop to build their own space. If you look at our portfolio on our preclinical location a quite close geographically, which is help from a proximity point of view and our clients getting comfortable and getting notice that.  We have different capabilities to our facilities from [class of gel] very sophisticated specialty type. And so we are able to quite respond to the needs of various types of clients, clients who have no background sophistication during the regulated phase and clients quite aggressive and sophisticated. So I think it fair to say that we are experiencing a steady build in demand and still in demand we don't see any indications that's going to back off as long as we and other companies like us build the space, hire the people and most importantly execute extremely well, preferably follow through; as long as we do that we should see the demands remain consistent or perhaps even increase. 
Jonathan Palmer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you and just switching gears here. At the analyst day you guys highlighted some of the your IT initiatives, I was wondering if you just give an update of where you stand with those and when you think it will be complete. 
Jim Foster: The multiyear process with various stages, all that as everything from HR to finance to how we attract customer information, how we schedule our capacity, a different portions of that initiative will come online at different times, but its a couple of years initiative anyway. 
Jonathan Palmer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great, thank you for taking my questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Derik De Bruin with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Hi, good morning. 
Jim Foster: Good morning, Derik. 
Tom Ackerman: Good morning, Derik 
Derik De Bruin - UBS: So could you just talk a little bit more about the pharma spending environment, I saw your comments, there is the comment that the you are still having a difficult time, but you are still trying to feel out what theyre booking for in terms of the spending, are you getting any sense that as pharma faces tougher comps in the second half of the year because R&D issues that theyre looking at how big into the R&D spend? 
Tom Ackerman: Provide the average if you would compare the demand an increase in revenue from major pharma clients this year versus last. All of us without exceptions and take exceptions that will be clients were closing facilities, also that exception we are seeing them up in a meaningful way across the Board. I think that the combination of two things, the combination of pure increase spending in both R&D. Our activities are at the tail end of our  And much of the D combined with intensified efforts to move the work out externally. So, we need the client that certainly feels very positive. There seems to be a real intensified focus by the clients and really obviously relating to their pipelines, and in almost all cases that's manifesting itself, that increase in research spending. 
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay. Most of my other questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Good morning. Jim Im trying to get -- I guess some of the things you talked about there earlier in the Q&A around on backlog. It's been a couple of quarters here since you have seen some pretty growth in Transgenic. Can you give us a sense of how much visibility you have in that business, and to what extent we can think about trends there going forward? 
Jim Foster: I will do the best I can. It's a complicated story, and I would say it's a service that we have with somewhat inconsistent visibility. But at the current time, this is where we are. We had three consecutive quarters of pretty substantial increase, I would say exceeded our expectations and continue to. We of course came off of a very rough kind of 18 months to the two year period.  We are also seeing an increase from transgenic work on a worldwide basis, which resulted in something we didn't expect, when I'd say worldwide that predominately, but also substantially in Europe and in our operations in Japan. So, I would say from an underlying scientific point of view two things happened, one is that there has been a significant reduction or rationalization of the numbers of colonies by all of our clients large and small, but mostly large over the last couple of years.  And they have got next to a level where they think the models are important to retain. Coupled with an increased investment in creating new models is where we are continuously setting up isolated a new holding environment for new models that are being created.  So, and of course we are in touch with all of our clients all the time. So, all we can say is the current tiredness -- that we are quite confident that the back half of this year will be at higher levels than back half of '06. Budget to the county asset we begin to sort of anniversary at times, where we began to increase fourth quarter of last year. And it's a business that's quite sensitive to major swing by major pharma companies, who decide to cut costs something we have no control over. Sometimes there are overriding cost cut initiatives that are put in place that effect transgenic.  So, in the prepared remarks we try to be very careful in saying that we are enjoying the increase. We expected to continue; too early to call '08. We're talking about clients constantly, there are some good signals in terms of basic investment in these models that look positive at least for the foreseeable future. But we are reluctant to say we expect this to continue indefinitely until we have more critical information and more data points from our clients. 
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That's helpful. Switching gears a little bit, it sounds like the ramp in the Endosafe has been pretty good out of the gate. And you've always talked about some of that being driven by the FDA process and local initiatives. Can you give us a sense as to maybe how aggressive the FDA has been and pushing these initiatives, whether you are seeing any fall from customers at this point? And then to what extent are you thinking about pipeline in terms of environmental testing or diagnostics or some of the other opportunities you have talked about roughly in the past? 
Jim Foster: So our short-term focus is on maximizing the potential of PTS for endotoxin and we are doing that in large measuring in the pharmaceutical companies and increasingly with the new pharmacies, we need information rapidly because of the self like of the drug was being created.  In terms of the FDA initiative, the PTS initiative to really testing as quickly as possible, its sort of working on the background, its an issue that a lot of clients are recognizing and we are out of ahead of the tax in terms of being able to offer a solution when those drugs really take hold. As I also said in environment to major focus on our part about having a multi-cartridge system, which accelerate the throughput for our clients who want to do this on a more comprehensive basis.  Simultaneously, we are working diligently on R&D basis in developing these systems for other uses, particularly in areas like environmental testing. And that will naturally follow, but we don't want to do that veteran as a focusing and most of our time and attention in maximizing our returns in endotoxin markets. 
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Okay fair enough. And then finally just on the dedicated base I know you made some comments earlier about, potentially some of the economics around those agreements. But did you quantify the level to which you signed any new dedicated base agreements, and now you talked about I think a $17 million agreement on your analyst day, back in May? 
Jim Foster: So that's the last one that we commented on, as we said we have several unusual discussions as soon as we have something definite to comment on we certainly -- we will achieve both. 
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations. 
Jim Foster: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. Please go ahead. 
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Hi guys, good morning. Quick question on Endosafe, was Endosafe a significant contributor to RMS in the quarter and more to the point I guess are you seeing any traction in the additive applications for Endosafe that you've talked about in the past things associated with process analytical technology initiatives of your clients? 
Jim Foster: Endosafe is always a significant contributor. We have to define what we mean by significant John, but it has an extremely high growth rate and margins that have already exceeded total charge of our margin. So as the growth its a meaningful contributor and as I said earlier, our focus on the technology side is primarily to continue to refine the device for endotoxin testing into branch of into multi-cartridge system and continuing to work on the environmental testing and some of the other application simultaneously with that, but not in line with it. 
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. First I want to start off with a free cash flow question, given that for the first half free cash flows were just about $6 million. What are the second half drivers that are going to change and allow you to hit your full year target of I believe $25 to $50 million in free cash flows? 
Tom Ackerman: Good morning, Doug. Generally we see the first quarter as our weakest quarter, that's primarily attributable to a couple of factors, one of them is bonus payments as a result of the prior year that of course we pay in the first quarter of the following year. We also attend to see capital spending a little bit here towards the later part of the year, and carrying over to the following year in terms of commitments being paid in the following year. Beyond that we think the business continues to be strong. We've improved our guidance as we said and the outlook continues to be good for the second half of year. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks for that. That's helpful. In terms of dedicated space agreements at competitors, if a competitor would have announced an acceleration of the number of BSAs they are entering into would that in any way affect your thinking regarding the space of BSAs that you would want to enter into? 
Jim Foster: Not sure about the question, but just taking out the space value not really. As long as our capacity continues to be substantially fully utilized and margins continue to improve their locations, I don't know if you are agnostic to it. But I mean dedicated space agreements will be something our clients want to or not. And we're happy to do them, if the basis of the [bargainers rational] given the amounts of investment they're making and if it's in the best interest of the company and responsive to their need.  We are not really pursuing them just to pursue them for additional notches in our call. I mean, it's about keeping the capacity full and satisfying as many customers as possible. So, we're happy with the conversions. We're having them with the types of clients and the geographical we would expect perhaps with the nature of those arrangements. And we do expect that we'll get some of these and they will generate interest by others who may be concerned about the availability of the space. But it's really a difficult thing to titrate on its own, so it is important to us from a strategic point of view. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. That's great. And then just one more thing, I just wanted to quickly touch base on the China facility. I just want to make sure and you may have mentioned this in your prepared remarks so if you did, I apologize. But I just want to make sure that an initial opening of the 50,000 square foot facility is on track for I believe the second half of 2008, and I didn't know if you were in a position at this point to comment on any of the CapEx needs for that facility? 
Tom Ackerman: So, we did mention it. So, thank you for asking. We closed on our deal in June. We've got a great general manager for that facility. We hired a controller and are continuing to put together staff, some of whom may come from another location. We are undertaking plans to renovate a four-story 50,000 square foot building that's leased. That work will be initiated before the end of this year, and should be completed by the third quarter of next year.  We are already in discussions with several major international pharmaceutical companies, who are in the look out, that are quite close by from a proximity point of view to our facilities about doing work for them. And we are quite optimistic that we will be able to out in the facility with that business enhance. So, it will schedule out in the third quarter of '08. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then 
Tom Ackerman: You could say, but I am surprised to say that capital expenditures of this year would not be substantial obviously just given the time of the -- as it we are right now and start of the construction. I don't believe we said exactly what would be in the total, but as Jim said it's a 50,000 square foot facility in most of the cost would be in next year from a capital stand point. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Next year. Okay. Alright Jim, Tom thanks. I appreciate you guys taking the questions. Great quarter. 
Tom Ackerman: Thank you, Doug. 
Operator: Thank you. And speakers I'll turn it back to you for closing comments. 
Susan Hardy: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you soon and to seeing you at (inaudible) conferences, which we will be presenting in September. This concludes the conference call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.
